<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230301_10-K_edgar_data_1355096_0001558370-23-002572.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>16996647</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>443365</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2052753</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>6110730</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2878511</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>5042421</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001558370-23-002572.hdr.sgml : 20230301
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230301161343
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001558370-23-002572
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		94
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230301
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230301

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Qurate Retail, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001355096
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	RETAIL-CATALOG & MAIL-ORDER HOUSES [5961]
		IRS NUMBER:				841288730
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-33982
		FILM NUMBER:		23693661

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		12300 LIBERTY BOULEVARD
		CITY:			ENGLEWOOD
		STATE:			CO
		ZIP:			80112
		BUSINESS PHONE:		7208755400

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		12300 LIBERTY BOULEVARD
		CITY:			ENGLEWOOD
		STATE:			CO
		ZIP:			80112

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Liberty Interactive Corp
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20110923

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	LIBERTY MEDIA CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20060512

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Liberty Media Holding CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20060303

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001558370-23-002572.txt : 20230301

10-K
 1
 qrtea-20221231x10k.htm
 10-K

Table of Contents 
 
 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION WASHINGTON, D. C. 20549 FORM ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the fiscal year ended , OR TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the transition period from to Commission File Number (Exact name of Registrant as specified in its charter) State of (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) , (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) Registrant s telephone number, including area code: Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of exchange on which registered Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. No Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to file such reports) and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Accelerated Filer Non-accelerated Filer Smaller Reporting Company Emerging Growth Company If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive o cers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No The aggregate market value of the voting stock held by nonaffiliates of Qurate Retail, Inc. computed by reference to the last sales price of Qurate Retail, Inc. common stock, as of the closing of trading on June 30, 2022, was approximately million. The number of outstanding shares of Qurate Retail, Inc. s common stock as of January 31, 2023 was: Series A common stock Series B common stock Documents Incorporated by Reference The Registrant s definitive proxy statement for its 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders is hereby incorporated by reference into Part III of this Annual Report on Form 10-K . 

Table of Contents 
 QURATE RETAIL, INC. 2022 ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10 K Table of Contents Part I Page Item 1. Business I-3 Item 1A. Risk Factors I-17 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments I-41 Item 2. Properties I-41 Item 3. Legal Proceedings I-42 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures I-42 Part II Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities II-1 Item 6. [Reserved] II-2 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations II-2 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk II-20 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data II-21 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure II-21 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures II-21 Item 9B. Other Information II-22 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections II-22 Part III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance III 1 Item 11. Executive Compensation III 1 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters III 1 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence III 1 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services III 1 Part IV Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules IV 1 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary IV 8 
 I-2 

Table of Contents 
 PART I. Item 1. Business. General Development of Business Qurate Retail, Inc. Qurate Retail , the Company , we , us and our ), owns interests in subsidiaries and other companies which are primarily engaged in the video and online commerce industries. Through our subsidiaries and affiliates, we operate in North America, Europe and Asia. Our principal businesses and assets include our consolidated subsidiaries QVC, Inc. QVC ), Cornerstone Brands, Inc. CBI ), Zulily, LLC Zulily and other cost and equity method investments. On September 23, 2011, Qurate Retail completed the split-off (the LMC Split-Off of a wholly owned subsidiary, Liberty Media Corporation LMC ). Following the LMC Split-Off, Qurate Retail and LMC operate as separately publicly traded companies and neither has any stock ownership, beneficial or otherwise, in the other. Qurate Retail and LMC entered into certain agreements in order to govern certain of the ongoing relationships between the two companies. These agreements include a reorganization agreement, a services agreement (the Services Agreement and a facilities sharing agreement (the Facilities Sharing Agreement ). Pursuant to the Services Agreement, LMC provides Qurate Retail with general and administrative services including legal, tax, accounting, treasury and investor relations support. See below for a description of an amendment to the Services Agreement entered into in December 2019. Qurate Retail reimburses LMC for direct, out-of-pocket expenses incurred by LMC in providing these services and for Qurate Retail s allocable portion of costs associated with any shared services or personnel based on an estimated percentage of time spent providing services to Qurate Retail. Under the Facilities Sharing Agreement, Qurate Retail shares office space with LMC and related amenities at LMC s corporate headquarters. In December 2019, the Company entered into an amendment to the Services Agreement with LMC in connection with LMC s entry into a new employment arrangement with Gregory B. Maffei, the Company s Chairman of the Board (the Chairman ). Under the amended Services Agreement, components of his compensation would either be paid directly to him by each of the Company, Liberty TripAdvisor Holdings, Inc. TripAdvisor Holdings ), and Liberty Broadband Corporation Liberty Broadband (collectively, the Service Companies or reimbursed to LMC, in each case, based on allocations among LMC and the Service Companies set forth in the amended Services Agreement. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the allocation percentage for the Company was 13 and 17 , respectively. The amended Services Agreement provides for a five year employment term which began on January 1, 2020 and ends December 31, 2024, with an aggregate annual base salary of 3 million (with no contracted increase), an aggregate one-time cash commitment bonus of 5 million (paid in December 2019), an aggregate annual target cash performance bonus of 17 million, aggregate annual equity awards of 17.5 million and aggregate equity awards granted in connection with his entry into his new agreement of 90 million (the upfront awards ). A portion of the grants made to our Chairman during the year ended December 31, 2020 related to our Company s allocable portion of these upfront awards. Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements Certain statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including statements regarding business, product and marketing strategies; direct and indirect impacts of COVID-19 (as defined below); the impact of the fire at the Rocky Mount fulfillment center; insurance recoveries; the sale leaseback transactions; the remediation of a material weakness; new service offerings; revenue growth at QVC; synergies; the recoverability of goodwill and other intangible assets; projected sources and uses of cash; repayment of debt; fluctuations in interest rates and foreign currency exchange rates; and the anticipated impact of certain contingent liabilities related to legal and tax proceedings and other matters arising in the ordinary course of business. In particular, statements under Item 1. Business, Item 1A. Risk-Factors, Item 2. Properties, Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and Item 
 I-3 

Table of Contents 
 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk contain forward-looking statements. Where, in any forward-looking statement, we express an expectation or belief as to future results or events, such expectation or belief is expressed in good faith and believed to have a reasonable basis, but there can be no assurance that the expectation or belief will result or be achieved or accomplished. The following include some but not all of the factors that could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those anticipated: 
 The continuing global and regional economic impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic and other public health-related risks and events, on our customers, our vendors and our businesses generally; customer demand for our products and services and our ability to attract new customers and retain existing customers by anticipating customer demand and adapting to changes in demand; competitor responses to our products and services; increased digital TV penetration and the impact on channel positioning of our programs; the levels of online traffic to our businesses websites and our ability to convert visitors into customers or contributors; uncertainties inherent in the development and integration of new business lines and business strategies; our future financial performance, including availability, terms, deployment of capital and our level of indebtedness; our ability to effectively manage our installment sales plans and revolving credit card programs; the cost and ability of shipping companies, manufacturers, suppliers, digital marketing channels, and vendors to deliver products, equipment, software and services; the outcome of any pending or threatened litigation; availability of qualified personnel; the impact of the seasonality of our businesses; changes in, or failure or inability to comply with, government regulations, including, without limitation, regulations of the Federal Communications Commission FCC ), and adverse outcomes from regulatory proceedings; changes in the nature of key strategic relationships with partners, distributors, suppliers and vendors; domestic and international economic and business conditions and industry trends, including the impact of Brexit (as defined below) and the impact of inflation and increased labor costs; increases in market interest rates; changes in the trade policy and trade relations with China; consumer spending levels, including the availability and amount of individual consumer debt and customer credit losses; system interruption and the lack of integration and redundancy in the systems and infrastructures of our businesses; advertising spending levels; changes in distribution and viewing of television programming, including the expanded deployment of video on demand technologies and Internet protocol television and their impact on home shopping programming; rapid technological changes; failure to protect the security of personal information, subjecting us to potentially costly government enforcement actions and/or private litigation and reputational damage; the regulatory and competitive environment of the industries in which we operate; natural disasters, public health crises (including COVID-19), political crises, and other catastrophic events or other events outside of our control, including climate change; threatened terrorist attacks, political and economic unrest in international markets and ongoing military action around the world; failure to successfully implement Project Athens (defined below); and fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates. These forward-looking statements and such risks, uncertainties and other factors speak only as of the date of this Annual Report, and we expressly disclaim any obligation or undertaking to disseminate any updates or revisions to any 
 I-4 

Table of Contents 
 forward-looking statement contained herein, to reflect any change in our expectations with regard thereto, or any other change in events, conditions or circumstances on which any such statement is based. When considering such forward-looking statements, you should keep in mind the factors described in Item 1A, Risk Factors and other cautionary statements contained in this Annual Report. Such risk factors and statements describe circumstances which could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statement. Description of Business The following table identifies our subsidiaries: 

 Consolidated Subsidiaries QVC, Inc. Cornerstone Brands, Inc. Zulily, LLC 
 QVC On December 29, 2017, Qurate Retail completed the acquisition of the remaining 62 ownership interest of HSN, Inc. HSN in an all-stock transaction. On December 31, 2018, Qurate Retail transferred our 100 ownership interest in HSN to QVC, Inc. through a transaction among entities under common control. References throughout this Annual Report to QVC refer to QVC, Inc., which includes HSN, QVC U.S. and QVC International. QVC curates and sells a wide variety of consumer products via highly engaging, video-rich, interactive shopping experiences, distributed to approximately 217 million worldwide households each day through its broadcast networks. QVC also reaches audiences through its websites (including QVC.com, HSN.com and others); virtual multichannel video programming distributors (including Hulu + Live TV, DirecTV Stream and YouTube TV); its applications via streaming video; Facebook Live, Roku, Apple TV, Amazon Fire, Xfinity Flex, and Samsung TV Plus; mobile applications; its social media pages and over-the-air broadcasters. QVC believes it is a global leader in video retailing, e-commerce, mobile commerce and social commerce, with operations based in the United States U.S. ), Germany, Japan, the United Kingdom U.K. ), and Italy. The goal of QVC is to extend its leadership in video commerce, e-commerce, streaming commerce and social commerce by continuing to create the world s most engaging shopping experiences, combining the best of retail, media and social, highly differentiated from traditional brick-and-mortar stores or transactional e-commerce. QVC provides customers with curated collections of unique products, made personal and relevant by the power of storytelling. QVC curates experiences, conversations and communities for millions of highly discerning shoppers, and also reaches large audiences, across its many platforms, for its thousands of brand partners. QVC offers a wide assortment of high-quality merchandise and classifies its products into six groups: home, beauty, apparel, jewelry, accessories and electronics. It is QVC s product sourcing team s mission to research and curate compelling and differentiated products from manufacturers who have sufficient scale to meet anticipated demand. QVC offers many exclusive and proprietary products, leading national brands and limited distribution brands offering unique items. Many of QVC s products are endorsed by celebrities, designers and other well-known personalities who often join its presenters on its live programming and provide lead-in publicity on their own social media pages, websites and other customer touchpoints. QVC believes that its ability to demonstrate product features and present faces and places differentiates and defines the QVC shopping experience. QVC closely monitors customer demand and its product mix to remain well-positioned and relevant in popular and growing retail segments, which it believes is a significant competitive advantage relative to competitors who operate brick-and-mortar stores. For the year ended December 31, 2022, approximately 95 of QVC s worldwide shipped sales were from repeat and reactivated customers (i.e., customers who made a purchase from QVC during the prior twelve months and customers who previously made a purchase from QVC but not during the prior twelve months). In the same period, QVC attracted 
 I-5 

Table of Contents 
 approximately 2.8 million new customers and the global e-commerce operation comprised 5.7 billion, or 57.2 , of QVC s consolidated net revenue for the year ended December 31, 2022. QVC operates twelve distribution centers and five contact centers worldwide. In 2022, QVC s work force consisted of approximately 20,800 employees who handled approximately 112 million customer calls, shipped approximately 216 million units globally and served approximately 13.2 million unique customers. QVC believes its long-term relationships with major U.S. television distributors, including cable operators (e.g., Comcast, Charter Communications and Cox), satellite television providers (e.g., DISH and DIRECTV) and telecommunications companies (e.g., Verizon and AT T), provide it with broad distribution, favorable channel positioning and significant competitive advantages. QVC believes that its significant market share, brand awareness, outstanding customer service, repeat customer base, flexible payment options, international reach and scalable infrastructure distinguish QVC from its competitors. On June 27, 2022, Qurate Retail announced a five-point turnaround plan designed to stabilize and differentiate its core HSN and QVC U.S. brands and expand the company s leadership in video streaming commerce Project Athens ). Project Athens main initiatives include: (i) improve customer experience and grow relationships; (ii) rigorously execute core processes; (iii) lower cost to serve; (iv) optimize the brand portfolio; and (v) build new high growth businesses anchored in strength. During 2022 QVC commenced the first phase of Project Athens including actions to reduce inventory and a planned workforce reduction. These initiatives are consistent with QVC s strategy to operate more efficiently as it implements its turnaround plan. QVC recorded restructuring charges of 24 million in restructuring and fire related costs, net of (recoveries) in the consolidated statement of operations during the year ended December 31, 2022, related to the workforce reduction. QxH QxH s programming is distributed in the U.S., 20 hours per day of live programming, 364 days per year, to approximately 93 million television households and is distributed to approximately 99 of households subscribing to services offered by television distributors. QxH s televised shopping programs, including live and recorded content, are broadcast across multiple channels nationally on a full time basis, including the main QVC and HSN channels as well as the additional channels of QVC2, QVC3 and HSN2. These additional channels offer viewers access to a broader range of QxH programming options as well as more relevant programming for viewers in different time zones. QxH also has over-the-air broadcasting in designated U.S. markets that can be accessed by any household with a digital antenna in such markets, regardless of whether it subscribes to a paid television service. This allows QxH to reach customers who previously did not have access to the program through other television platforms. QxH s programming is also available through QVC.com and HSN.com (collectively, QVC s Websites as well as virtual multichannel video programming distributors (including Hulu + Live TV, DirecTV Stream and YouTube TV); applications via streaming video; Facebook Live, Roku, Apple TV, Amazon Fire, Xfinity Flex, and Samsung TV Plus; mobile applications; its social media pages and over-the-air broadcasters (collectively, QVC s Digital Platforms ). QxH s Digital Platforms enable consumers to purchase goods offered on its broadcast programming along with a wide assortment of products that are available only on its Websites. QxH s Websites and other Digital Platforms are natural extensions of its business model, allowing customers to engage in its shopping experience wherever they are, with live or on-demand content customized to the device they are using. In addition, QxH s Websites and mobile applications allow shoppers to browse, research, compare and perform targeted searches for products, read customer reviews, control the order-entry process and conveniently access their account. For the year ended December 31, 2022, approximately 85 of new QxH customers made their first purchase through QxH s Digital Platforms. QxH, including its Digital Platforms, contributed 7.4 billion, or 74 , of consolidated net revenue and 750 million of Adjusted OIBDA (defined Part II, Item 7 of this report) for the year ended December 31, 2022. QxH Digital Platform revenue as a percentage of total QxH net revenue was 60.5 , 60.4 and 59.8 for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. QVC International QVC International s business brings the QVC shopping experience to approximately 124 million households outside the U.S., primarily in Germany, Austria, Japan, the U.K., the Republic of Ireland, and Italy. Similar to QxH, QVC 
 I-6 

Table of Contents 
 International s business engages customers via multiple platforms, including broadcast networks, websites, mobile applications and social media pages. QVC International product sourcing teams select products tailored to the interests of each local market. For the year ended December 31, 2022, QVC International operations, including its Digital Platforms, generated 2.5 billion, or 26 , of consolidated QVC net revenue and 358 million of Adjusted OIBDA. QVC International Digital Platform revenue as a percentage of total QVC International net revenue was 47.5 , 47.4 and 45.8 for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Merchandise QVC s global merchandise mix features: (i) home, (ii) apparel, (iii) beauty, (iv) accessories, (v) electronics and (vi) jewelry. Many of its brands are exclusive, while others are created by well-known designers. QVC s global sales mix is provided in the table below: 

Years ended December 31, Product category 2022 2021 2020 Home 40 40 42 Apparel 18 16 14 Beauty 17 18 18 Accessories 11 11 11 Electronics 9 10 10 Jewelry 5 5 5 Total 100 100 100 Unlike traditional brick-and-mortar retailers with inventories across a network of stores, QVC is able to quickly adapt its offerings in direct response to changes in its customers purchasing patterns. QVC utilizes a test and re-order model to determine initial customer demand. Through constant monitoring, QVC aims to manage its product offerings to maximize net revenue and fulfill current demand in large growth segments where it can gain a greater share of its customers purchases. QVC s merchandising team is dedicated to continually researching, pursuing and launching new products and brands. With a mandate to deliver hard-to-find value, its merchants find and curate collections of high quality goods from manufacturers with the scale to offer sufficient supply to QVC s existing and future customers. QVC maintains strong relationships with its vendors, which are attracted by the showcasing and story-telling elements of its programming, and the volume of sales during featured presentations. QVC purchases, or obtains on consignment, products from U.S. and foreign manufacturers and wholesalers, often on favorable terms based upon the volume of the transactions. QVC has attracted some of the world s most respected consumer brands as well as celebrities, entrepreneurs and designers to promote these brands. Brand leaders such as HP, Apple, Barefoot Dreams, Dyson, Skechers and Philosophy reach a broad audience while product representatives share the stories behind these brands. QVC has agreements with celebrities, entrepreneurs and designers such as Isaac Mizrahi, Curtis Stone and Giuliana Rancic enabling it to provide entertaining and engaging programming that develops a lifestyle bond with its customers. These celebrity personalities and product representatives often provide pre-appearance publicity for their QVC products on their own social media pages and broadcast shows, enhancing demand during their QVC appearances. QVC presents and promotes across its networks, websites, mobile applications and social media platforms, allowing shoppers to engage with QVC on multiple platforms and devices. QVC does not depend on any single supplier or designer for a significant portion of its inventory purchases. Distribution QVC distributes its programming via satellite and optical fiber, to cable television and direct-to-home satellite system operators for retransmission to its subscribers in the U.S., Germany, Japan, the U.K., Italy and neighboring countries. QVC also transmits its programming over digital terrestrial broadcast television to viewers throughout Italy, Germany, and the U.K. and to viewers in certain geographic regions in the U.S. In the U.S., QVC uplinks its digital programming transmissions using a third-party service, or internal resources. The transmissions are uplinked to protected, 
 I-7 

Table of Contents 
 non-preemptible transponders on U.S. satellites. Protected status means that, in the event of a transponder failure, the signal will be transferred to a spare transponder or, if none is available, to a preemptible transponder located on the same satellite or, in certain cases, to a transponder on another satellite owned by the same service provider if one is available at the time of the failure. Non-preemptible status means that, in the event of a transponder failure, QVC s transponders cannot be preempted in favor of a user of a failed transponder, even another user with protected status. The international business units each obtain uplinking services from third parties and transmit their programming to non-preemptible transponders on international satellites and terrestrial transmitters. The transponder service agreements for the U.S. transponders expire at the earlier of the end of the lives of the satellites or the service agreements. The service agreements for QxH expire between 2023 and 2025. The service agreements for QVC International transponders and terrestrial transmitters expire between 2023 and 2029. QVC continually seeks to expand and enhance its broadcast and e-commerce platforms, as well as to further its international operations and multimedia capabilities. In addition to its websites and mobile applications, QVC continues to adapt to emerging technologies to offer elements of its programming via new technologies. To reach consumers who use online sources for viewing content, QVC programming is being offered through virtual multichannel video providers (including Hulu + Live TV, DirecTV Stream and YouTube TV), online video distributors and programming networks that provide its content directly to consumers over the internet rather than through traditional television services (including Facebook Live, Roku, Apple TV, Amazon Fire, Xfinity Flex, and Samsung TV Plus). In 2022, QVC launched on The Roku Channel, a leader in free, ad-supported streaming TV. Affiliation Agreements QVC enters into long-term affiliation agreements with certain of its television distributors who downlink its programming and distribute the programming to customers. QVC s affiliation agreements with distributors have termination dates ranging from 2023 to 2026. QVC s ability to continue to sell products to its customers is dependent on its ability to maintain and renew these affiliation agreements in the future. Although QVC is typically successful in obtaining and renewing these agreements, it does not have distribution agreements with some of the distributors that carry its programming. QVC is currently providing programming without affiliation agreements to distributors representing approximately 7 of its QVC channel distribution and 1 of its HSN channel distribution. Some of its international programming may continue to be carried by distributors after the expiration dates on its affiliation agreements with such distributors have passed. In return for carrying QVC s signals, most programming distributors for its U.S. distribution receive an allocated portion, based upon market share, of up to 5 of the net sales of merchandise sold via the television programs and from certain Internet sales to customers located in the programming distributor s service areas. In some cases, QVC also pays programming distributors additional compensation in the form of incentives in exchange for their commitments to maintain specific channel positioning benchmarks. QVC International programming distributors predominantly receive an agreed-upon annual fee, a monthly or yearly fee per subscriber regardless of the net sales, a variable percentage of net sales or some combination of the above arrangements. In addition to sales-based commissions or per-subscriber fees, QVC also makes payments to distributors primarily in the U.S. for carriage and to secure channel positioning within a broadcast area or within the general entertainment area on the distributor s channel line-up. QVC believes that a portion of its sales are attributable to purchases resulting from channel surfing and that a channel position near broadcast networks and more popular cable networks increases the likelihood of such purchases. As technology evolves, QVC will continue to monitor optimal channel placement and attempt to negotiate agreements with its distributors to maximize the viewership of its television programming. Demographics of customers QVC enjoys a very loyal customer base, as demonstrated by the fact that for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, approximately 89 of its shipped sales came from repeat customers (i.e., customers who made a purchase from QVC during the prior twelve months), who spent an average of 1,324 each during this period. An additional 
 I-8 

Table of Contents 
 5 of shipped sales in that period came from new customers and the remaining 6 of shipped sales came from reactivated customers (i.e., customers who previously made a purchase from QVC, but not during the prior twelve months). On a trailing twelve month basis, total consolidated customers were approximately 13.2 million which includes 8.9 million QxH customers and 4.3 million QVC International customers. QVC believes its core customer base represents an attractive demographic target market. Based on internal customer data for QxH, approximately 39 of its 8.9 million customers for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 were women between the ages of 35 and 64. QVC does not depend on any single customer for a significant portion of its revenue. Order taking and fulfillment QVC takes a majority of its orders via its websites and via mobile applications on iPhone, iPad, Apple Watch, Android and other devices. QxH and QVC International customers placed approximately 42 and 35 , respectively, of all orders directly through their mobile devices in 2022. QVC primarily utilizes home based customer service agents to handle calls, e-mail contacts and social contacts, allowing staffing flexibility for peak volume hours. In addition, QVC utilizes computerized interactive voice response order systems for telephonic orders, which handle approximately 24 of all orders taken on a worldwide basis. QxH has eight distribution centers and QVC International has four distribution centers. QVC s distribution centers and drop ship partners shipped, on average, 413,000 units per day at QxH and 178,000 units per day at QVC International during 2022. QVC has built a scalable operating infrastructure focused on sustaining efficient, flexible and cost-effective sale and distribution of its products. Since its physical store locations are minimal, QVC requires lower inventory levels and capital expenditures compared to traditional brick-and-mortar retailers. Further, since QVC has no set floor plan and can closely manage inventory levels at its centralized warehouses, QVC believes it has the flexibility to analyze and react quickly to changing trends and demand by shifting programming time and product mix. QVC s cost structure is highly variable, which QVC believes allows it to consistently achieve attractive margins relative to brick-and-mortar retailers. Third party carriers transport QVC s packages from its distribution centers to its customers. In each market where QVC operates, it has negotiated long-term contracts with shipping companies, which in certain circumstances provides for favorable shipping rates. Competition QVC operates in a rapidly evolving and highly competitive retail business environment. QVC has numerous and varied competitors at the national and local levels, ranging from large department stores to specialty shops, e-commerce retailers, direct marketing retailers, wholesale clubs, discount retailers, infomercial retailers, and mail-order and catalog companies. Some of QVC s competitors, such as Amazon and Walmart, have a significantly greater web-presence. QVC believes that the principal competitive factors for its web-commerce operations are high-quality products, brand recognition, selection, value, convenience, price, website performance, customer service and accuracy of order shipment. QVC believes that QxH is a leader in video shopping, e-commerce, mobile commerce and social commerce by curating quality products at outstanding values, providing exceptional customer service, establishing favorable channel positioning and multiple touchpoints across digital platforms and generating repeat business from its core customer base and that it also compares favorably in terms of sales to general, non-video based retailers due to its extensive customer reach and efficient cost structure. QxH s closest video shopping competitor is ShopHQ and QVC International operations face similar competition in their respective markets, such as Jupiter Shop Channel in Japan, HSE in Germany and Austria, GM24 in Italy, and Ideal World in the U.K. QVC also competes for access to customers and audience share with other providers of broadcast, digital and hard copy entertainment and content. The price and availability of other programming and the conversion to digital programming platforms may unfavorably affect the placement of its programming in the channel line-ups of its distributors, 
 I-9 

Table of Contents 
 and may affect its ability to obtain distribution agreements with small cable distributors. Competition from other programming also affects the compensation that must be paid to distributors for carriage. Principal competitive factors for QVC include (i) value, quality and selection of merchandise; (ii) customer experience, including customer service and speed, cost and reliability of fulfillment and delivery services; and (iii) convenience and accessibility of sales channels. Intellectual Property QVC regards its tradenames, service marks, patents, copyrights, domain names, trade dress, trade secrets, proprietary technologies and similar intellectual property as critical to its success. QVC relies on a combination of tradename, patent and copyright law, trade-secret protection, and confidentiality and/or license agreements with its employees, customers, suppliers, affiliates and others to protect these proprietary rights. QVC has registered, or applied for the registration of, a number of tradenames, service marks, patents, copyrights and domain names through U.S. and foreign governmental authorities and vigorously protects its proprietary rights against infringement. Domestically, QVC has registered tradenames and service marks including, but not limited to its brand names and logo, QVC, Quality Value Convenience, the Q Logo, and Q and trademarks for its proprietary products sold such as Arte D Oro, Cook s Essentials, Denim Co., Diamonique, Nature s Code, Northern Nights and Ultrafine Silver. Similarly, foreign registrations have been obtained for many tradenames and service marks for its brand names, logo and propriety products including, but not limited to, QVC, the Q Logo, Q, Cook s Essentials, Denim Co., Diamonique and Northern Nights. HSN has numerous tradename registrations or pending applications in the U.S. which help to expand HSN s brand awareness. These registrations and applications include the HSN brand name and the HSN logo as well as registrations for HSN s proprietary products and services, including, but not limited to, HSN Shop By Remote, Technibond, and Concierge Collection. QVC considers the QVC and HSN names the most significant tradenames and service marks it holds because of their impact on market awareness across all of its geographic markets and on customers identification with QVC. As with all domestic tradenames or service marks, QVC s tradename and service mark registrations in the U.S. are for a ten year period and are renewable every ten years, prior to their respective expirations, as long as the tradenames or service marks are used in the regular course of trade. Seasonality QVC s business is seasonal due to a higher volume of sales in the fourth calendar quarter related to year-end holiday shopping. In recent years, QVC has earned, on average, between 21 and 24 of its global revenue in each of the first three quarters of the year and between 30 and 32 of its global revenue in the fourth quarter of the year. CBI CBI consists of a portfolio of aspirational home and apparel brands. Although there is some overlap in the product offerings, the home brands are comprised of Ballard Designs, Frontgate, and Grandin Road. Garnet Hill focuses primarily on apparel and accessories and is categorized as an apparel brand. There are also 22 retail and outlet stores located throughout the United States. Frontgate features premium, high quality indoor (including bed, bath, kitchen, dining and living room) and outdoor (including patio, garden and pool) furnishings and accessories. Ballard Designs features European-inspired bed, bath, dining, outdoor and office furnishings and accessories, as well as rugs, shelving and architectural accents for the home. Grandin Road offers an affordable style assortment of products ranging from occasional furniture, accessories, holiday d cor and outdoor furniture. New editions of full-color catalogs are mailed to customers several times each year, with a total annual circulation in 2022 of approximately 155 million catalogs. The timing and frequency of catalog circulation varies by brand and 
 I-10 

Table of Contents 
 depends upon a number of factors, including the timing of the introduction of new products, marketing campaigns and promotions and inventory levels, among other factors. Branded catalogs are designed in-house, which enables each individual brand to control the process. CBI also operates websites for each of its featured brands, such as BallardDesigns.com, Frontgate.com, GarnetHill.com, and GrandinRoad.com. These websites serve as additional storefronts for products featured in related print catalogs, as well as provide customers with additional content and product assortments to support and enhance their shopping experience. Additional content provided by these websites, which differs across the various websites, includes decorating tips, measuring information, online design centers, gift registries and travel centers, as well as a feature that allows customers to browse the related catalog online. The CBI brands differentiate themselves by offering customers an assortment of innovative proprietary and branded apparel and home products. In many cases, CBI seeks to secure exclusive distribution rights for certain products. CBI employs in-house designers and partners with leading manufacturers and designers to aid in the development of its unique, exclusive product assortment. The CBI brands use their respective websites and e-mail marketing to promote special offers, including cross-promotions for other CBI brands. CBI believes that these affiliations enhance the awareness of the CBI brands among consumers as well as strengthen its various brands overall. CBI has also been extending its distributed commerce platform through both its experiential and more traditional retail and outlet stores, as a marketing tool to increase demand in the overall regions where the stores reside. Zulily Zulily is an online retailer offering customers a fun and entertaining shopping experience with a fresh selection of new product styles every day. The Zulily website was launched in January 2010. Through its app, mobile and desktop experiences, Zulily helps its customers discover new and unique products at great values that they would likely not find elsewhere. Zulily s merchandise includes women s, children s and men s apparel and other products such as home, accessories and beauty products. Zulily sources its merchandise from a variety of vendors, including emerging brands and smaller boutique vendors, as well as larger national brands. Zulily has built a large scale and uniquely curated shopping experience. Every morning, Zulily launches a variety of flash sales events. These events feature thousands of product styles from different vendors and typically last for 72 hours. Product offerings are generally only available for a limited time and in a limited quantity, creating urgency to browse, discover and purchase. Before Zulily launches an event, Zulily obtains photographs of the merchandise and its editorial team writes about the merchandise based on the product details provided by the vendor. Zulily strives to offer the lowest price points for its customers, with the average item offered for a significant discount off the manufacturer s suggested or comparison retail price. Zulily then uses its proprietary technology, data analytics and personalization tools to segment its audience, offering each customer a curated and optimized shopping experience that features brands, products and events that it believes are most relevant for that customer. Zulily acquires new customers through a diverse set of paid and unpaid marketing channels, including affiliate channels and partners, customer referrals, direct navigation, display advertising, key word search campaigns, search engine optimization, social media and television ads. Core to its business model is that Zulily acquires customers via paid and unpaid sources, and then drives engagement and repeat purchases from those customers over a long period of time through diversified marketing channels. Continual innovation through investment in technology is fundamental to Zulily s business. Zulily uses its technology platform to improve the experience of its customers and vendors, increase the purchase frequency and average order size and optimize the efficiency of its business operations. Investments in technology and data science helps place the right product in front of the right customer at the right time. Zulily s scalable platform uses custom-built and third-party technologies to support its specific customer and vendor requirements, including handling significant spikes in site traffic and transactions on a daily basis, and the rapid and complex supply chain needs that are unique to Zulily s flash 
 I-11 

Table of Contents 
 sales. Zulily believes it can quickly scale its infrastructure to accommodate significantly higher volumes of site traffic, customers, orders and the overall growth of its business. To best serve its customers and vendors, Zulily has a custom, fully integrated fulfillment infrastructure consisting of receiving, sorting, inventory management and repackaging systems which are driven by proprietary fulfillment management software. Zulily s supply chain solution efficiently handles the small-to-medium lot sizes and high inventory turnover required by constantly changing, limited-time product offerings. Zulily has historically operated a minimal inventory, intermediary model where it typically takes customer orders before purchasing inventory from vendors. As a result, Zulily is able to offer a much larger selection of products to customers and to generate greater sales for vendors, who are able to match a broader range of their product supply to actual customer demand. Late in 2022, Zulily began to explore new merchandising and procurement strategies that may result in the Company pre-purchasing and holding certain inventory before eventual sale. In addition, Zulily also offers third party fulfillment services to its vendors which allows vendors to store their inventory in Zulily s warehouses and fulfill orders for Zulily s events or other retail channels and has helped reduce shipping times to Zulily customers. Zulily views its target market broadly and competes with any retailer where its customers shop. It faces significant competition from both online and brick-and-mortar retailers, competing on: product curation and selection, personalization, price, convenience, ease of use, consumer experience, vendor satisfaction and shipping time and cost. Zulily relies on laws and regulations, contractual restrictions, copyrights, and tradenames to protect its intellectual property and proprietary rights. Zulily s employees and contractors also typically enter into agreements to assign to Zulily the inventions and content they produce in performing their jobs. Zulily controls access to confidential information by entering into confidentiality agreements with its employees, contractors and third parties, such as vendors, service providers, individuals and entities that may be exploring a business relationship with Zulily. Despite the protection of general intellectual property law and its contractual restrictions, it may be possible for a third party to copy or otherwise obtain and use Zulily s intellectual property without Zulily s authorization. Zulily has registered numerous Internet domain names related to its business. In addition, Zulily pursues the registration of its tradenames in the U.S. and certain other locations outside of the U.S.; however, effective intellectual property protection or enforcement may not be available in every country in which Zulily s products and services are made available in the future. In the U.S. and certain other countries, Zulily has registered or has applications pending for its key tradenames, including: Zulily, the Zulily design mark and designs associated with its mobile applications and branded social channels. Regulatory Matters Programming and Interactive Television Services Although QVC, a wholly owned subsidiary, markets and sells consumer products through a variety of outlets, it does so, in large part, through live video programming services distributed by cable television systems, satellite systems and over-the-air broadcasters. Consequently, regulation of programming services and the entities that distribute them can affect QVC. In the U.S., the FCC regulates broadcasters, the providers of satellite communications services and facilities for the transmission of programming services, the cable television systems and other multichannel video programming distributors MVPDs that distribute such services, and, to some extent, the availability of the programming services themselves through its regulation of program licensing. Cable television systems in the U.S. are also regulated by municipalities or other state and local government authorities. Regulatory carriage requirements also could adversely affect the number of channels available to QVC. Regulation of Program Licensing . The Cable Television Consumer Protection and Competition Act of 1992 (the 1992 Cable Act directed the FCC to promulgate regulations regarding the sale and acquisition of cable programming between MVPDs (including cable operators) and satellite-delivered programming services in which a cable operator has an attributable interest. The 1992 Cable Act and implementing regulations generally prohibit a cable operator that has an attributable interest in a satellite programmer from improperly influencing the terms and conditions of sale to unaffiliated 
 I-12 

Table of Contents 
 MVPDs. Further, the 1992 Cable Act requires that such affiliated programmers make their programming services available to cable operators and competing MVPDs such as multi-channel multi-point distribution systems and direct broadcast satellite system DBS distributors on terms and conditions that do not unfairly discriminate among distributors, and the FCC has established complaint enforcement and damages remedy procedures. FCC rules attribute the ownership interests in Charter and the cable operator subsidiaries of Liberty Broadband (formerly held by GCI Liberty, Inc.), and Liberty Latin America Ltd. s ownership interest in Liberty Communications of Puerto Rico LLC to us, thereby subjecting us and satellite-delivered programming services in which we have an interest to the program access rules. Our subsidiary QVC is subjected to program access rules as a result of the foregoing attributable interests under FCC rules. We are also subject to the program access rules as a condition of FCC approval of a transaction between Qurate Retail s predecessor and News Corporation in 2008. Regulation of Carriage of Programming . Under the 1992 Cable Act, the FCC has adopted regulations prohibiting cable operators from requiring a financial interest in a programming service as a condition to carriage of such service, coercing exclusive rights in a programming service or favoring affiliated programmers so as to restrain unreasonably the ability of unaffiliated programmers to compete. The FCC has established program carriage complaint rules. Our subsidiary QVC is subjected to program carriage rules as a result of our attributable interests under FCC rules discussed above. Regulation of Ownership. The 1992 Cable Act required the FCC, among other things, (1) to prescribe rules and regulations establishing reasonable limits on the number of channels on a cable system that will be allowed to carry programming in which the owner of such cable system has an attributable interest and (2) to consider the necessity and appropriateness of imposing limitations on the degree to which MVPDs (including cable operators) may engage in the creation or production of video programming. Although the FCC adopted regulations limiting carriage by a cable operator, the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit D.C. Circuit vacated the channel occupancy limits adopted by the FCC and remanded the rule to the FCC for further consideration in 2001. In response to the D.C. Circuit s decision, the FCC subsequently issued further notices of proposed rulemaking to consider channel occupancy limitations, but has not adopted any rules. Regulation of Carriage of Broadcast Stations . The 1992 Cable Act granted broadcasters a choice of must carry rights or retransmission consent rights. The rules adopted by the FCC generally provided for mandatory carriage by cable systems of all local full-power commercial television broadcast signals selecting must carry rights and, depending on a cable system s channel capacity, non-commercial television broadcast signals. Such statutorily mandated carriage of broadcast stations coupled with the provisions of the Cable Communications Policy Act of 1984, which require cable television systems with 36 or more activated channels to reserve a percentage of such channels for commercial use by unaffiliated third parties and permit franchise authorities to require the cable operator to provide channel capacity, equipment and facilities for public, educational and government access channels, could adversely affect QVC by limiting the carriage of such services in cable systems with limited channel capacity. Closed Captioning Regulation . The Telecommunications Act of 1996 also required the FCC to establish rules and an implementation schedule to ensure that video programming is fully accessible to the hearing impaired through closed captioning. The rules adopted by the FCC require substantial closed captioning, with only limited exemptions. Regulations adopted by the FCC pursuant to the Twenty-First Century Communications and Video Accessibility Act of 2010 require, among other things, that video programming owners to send caption files for IP delivered video programming to video programming distributors and providers along with program files. In 2014, the FCC adopted closed captioning quality standards regarding captioning accuracy, synchronicity, completeness and placement, and captioning best practices for programmers. In 2016, the FCC amended its closed captioning regulations to assign captioning compliance responsibility to programmers jointly with distributors, and to adopt certain registration, certification and complaint procedures applicable to programmers. The video programmer registration and compliance certification requirements of the amended rules have not yet become effective. As a result of these captioning requirements, QVC may incur additional costs for closed captioning. Internet Services Our online commerce businesses are subject, both directly and indirectly, to various domestic and foreign laws and governmental regulations. Certain of these businesses engaged in the provision of goods and services over the Internet 
 I-13 

Table of Contents 
 must comply with federal and state laws and regulations applicable to online communications and commerce. For example, the Children s Online Privacy Protection Act COPPA prohibits web sites from collecting personally identifiable information online from children under age 13 without parental consent and imposes a number of operational requirements. The Federal Trade Commission FTC has adopted regulations implementing COPPA. Certain email activities are subject to the Controlling the Assault of Non-Solicited Pornography and Marketing Act of 2003, commonly known as the CAN-SPAM Act. The CAN-SPAM Act regulates the sending of unsolicited commercial email by requiring the email sender, among other things, to comply with specific disclosure requirements and to provide an opt-out mechanism for recipients. Both of these laws include statutory penalties for non-compliance. The Digital Millennium Copyright Act limits, but does not eliminate, liability for listing or linking to third party websites that may include content that infringes on copyrights or other rights so long as our Internet businesses comply with the statutory requirements. Various states also have adopted laws regulating certain aspects of Internet communications. The new Congress likely will consider legislation regarding online commerce matters. In 2016, Congress enacted a permanent moratorium on state and local taxes on Internet access. Our online commerce businesses also are subject to laws governing the collection, use, retention, security and transfer of personally-identifiable information about their users. In particular, the collection and use of personal information by companies has received increased regulatory scrutiny on a global basis. The enactment, interpretation and application of user data protection laws are in a state of flux, and the interpretation and application of such laws may vary from country to country. For example, the European Union s E.U. General Data Protection Regulation GDPR which established new data laws that give customers additional rights and impose additional restrictions and penalties on companies for illegal collection and misuse of personal information, took effect in May 2018. Further, in 2015, the Court of Justice of the E.U. invalidated the Safe Harbor Framework, which had allowed companies to collect and process personal data in E.U. nations for use in the U.S. The E.U.-U.S. Privacy Shield which replaced the Safe Harbor Framework and became fully operational in 2016, provided a mechanism to comply with data protection requirements when transferring personal data from the E.U. to the U.S. On July 16, 2020, the Court of Justice of the European Union invalidated the E.U.-U.S. Privacy Shield, and imposed new obligations on the use of Standard Contractual Clauses SCCs - another key mechanism to allow data transfers between the U.S. and the E.U. The European Commission adopted revised SCCs on June 4, 2021. In March 2022, the U.S. and the European Commission announced a new Transatlantic Data Privacy Framework DPF to replace the E.U.-U.S. Privacy Shield. On December 13, 2022, the European Commission issued an adequacy decision initiating the formal adoption process for the DPF. On February 10, 2021, the Council of the E.U. adopted final regulations regarding privacy and electronic communications that would complement the GDPR, including additional regulation of the Internet tracking tools known as cookies. The final regulations are subject to review by the European Parliament and the European Commission, and may be enacted in 2023. Following the Brexit withdrawal of the United Kingdom U.K. from the E.U. on June 28, 2021, the European Commission determined that the U.K. s data protection laws essentially are equivalent to the data protection laws in the European Economic Area. Finally, countries in other regions, most notably Asia, Eastern Europe and Latin America, are increasingly implementing new privacy regulations, resulting in additional compliance burdens and uncertainty as to how some of these laws will be enforced. In the U.S., Congress may consider legislation that would require organizations that suffer a breach of security related to personal information to notify owners of such information. Many states have adopted laws requiring notification to users when there is a security breach affecting personal data, such as California s Information Practices Act. California also has enacted the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 CCPA ), which, among other things, allows California consumers to request that certain companies disclose the types of personal information collected by such companies. The CCPA became effective on January 1, 2020. The California Attorney General has issued regulations and guidance regarding the law. In November 2020, California voters approved the California Privacy Rights Act of 2020 CPRA ), which amends and extends the CCPA and establishes the California Privacy Protection Agency to implement and enforce consumer privacy laws. Most of the CPRA s provisions became effective on January 1, 2023. In addition, Virginia enacted the Consumer Data Protection Act in March 2021, which regulates the handling of personal data and became effective on January 1, 2023, and Colorado enacted a personal data protection law in July 2021, the Colorado Privacy Act, which takes effect on July 1, 2023. Utah and Connecticut also have enacted consumer privacy statutes, and additional states likely will consider consumer privacy legislation in 2023. Complying with these different national and state privacy requirements may cause the Company to incur substantial costs. The Company also generally has and posts on its websites privacy policies and practices regarding the collection, use and disclosure of user data. A failure to comply with such posted privacy 
 I-14 

Table of Contents 
 policies or with the regulatory requirements of federal, state, or foreign privacy laws could result in proceedings or actions by governmental agencies or others (such as class action litigation) which could adversely affect the Company s business. Technical violations of certain privacy laws can result in significant penalties, including statutory penalties. In 2012, the FCC amended its regulations under the Telephone Consumer Protection Act TCPA ), which could subject our Internet businesses to increased liability for certain telephonic communications with customers, including but not limited to text messages to mobile phones. Under the TCPA, plaintiffs may seek actual monetary loss or statutory damages of 500 per violation, whichever is greater, and courts may treble such damage awards for willful or knowing violations. Data collection, privacy and security are growing public concerns. If consumers were to decrease their use of our Internet businesses websites to purchase products and services, such businesses could be harmed. Congress, individual states and foreign authorities may consider additional online privacy legislation. Goods sold over the Internet also must comply with traditional regulatory requirements, such as the FTC requirements regarding truthful and accurate claims. QVC is subject to consent decrees issued by the FTC barring it from making deceptive claims for specified weight-loss products and dietary supplement and anti-cellulite products unless they have competent and reliable scientific evidence to substantiate such claims. Other Internet-related laws and regulations enacted in the future may cover issues such as defamatory speech, copyright infringement, pricing and characteristics and quality of products and services. The future adoption of such laws or regulations may slow the growth of commercial online services and the Internet, which could in turn cause a decline in the demand for the services and products of our online commerce businesses and increase their costs of doing business or otherwise have an adverse effect on their businesses, operating results and financial conditions. Moreover, the applicability to commercial online services and the Internet of existing laws governing issues such as property ownership, libel, personal privacy and taxation is uncertain and could expose these companies to substantial liability. In 2015, the FCC adopted open Internet rules that reclassified wireline and wireless broadband services as Title II common carrier services and regulate broadband services offered by Internet service providers ISPs under Title II, Title III and Section 706 of the Telecommunications Act of 1996. Among other things, the regulations prohibited ISPs from: (1) blocking access to, or impairing or degrading, legal content, applications, services or non-harmful devices; and (2) favoring selected Internet traffic in exchange for consideration. In 2017, the FCC adopted a Declaratory Ruling, Report and Order 2017 Order that, among other things, eliminates these prohibitions. The 2017 Order does require ISPs to disclose information to consumers regarding practices such as throttling, paid prioritization and affiliated prioritization. In 2019, the D.C. Circuit ruled on numerous appeals by interested parties and largely upheld the 2017 Order. However, the D.C. Circuit vacated that portion of the 2017 Order that preempted inconsistent state and local regulations and remanded the 2017 Order for further consideration of its effects on public safety, pole attachment regulation and the Lifeline support program. On October 27, 2020, the FCC adopted a report and order on remand which affirmed its prior conclusions regarding these issues. The FCC and/or Congress may seek to re-impose the open Internet rules or some variation thereof. California has adopted requirements similar to the open Internet rules, and other states may consider similar legislation. Regulations Related to China For more information regarding regulations related to U.S. trade policy with China, see the risk factor Significant developments stemming from U.S. trade policy with China, including in response to forced labor and human rights abuses in China may adversely impact our business and operating results in Item 1A. Risk Factors. Proposed Changes in Regulation The regulation of programming services, cable television systems, DBS providers, Internet services, online sales and other forms of product marketing is subject to the political process and has been in constant flux over the past decade. Further material changes in the law and regulatory requirements must be anticipated and there can be no assurance that our business will not be adversely affected by future legislation, new regulation or deregulation. 
 I-15 

Table of Contents 
 Competition Our businesses that engage in video and online commerce compete with traditional brick-and-mortar and online retailers ranging from large department stores to specialty shops, electronic retailers, direct marketing retailers, such as mail order and catalog companies, and discount retailers. Due to the nature of these businesses there is not a single or small group of competitors that own a significant portion of the overall market share. However, some of these competitors, such as Amazon and Walmart, have a significantly greater web-presence than our e-commerce subsidiaries and equity affiliates. We believe that the principal competitive factors in the markets in which our electronic commerce businesses compete are high-quality products, brand recognition, selection, value, convenience, price, website performance, customer service and accuracy of order shipment. Our businesses that offer services through the Internet compete with businesses that offer their own services directly through the Internet as well as with traditional offline providers of similar services. We believe that the principal competitive factors in the markets in which our businesses that offer services through the Internet engage are selection, price, availability of inventory, convenience, brand recognition, accessibility, customer service, reliability, website performance, and ease of use. Human Capital Headcount . As described above, our Company is party to a Services Agreement with LMC, pursuant to which, as of December 31, 2022, 83 LMC corporate employees provide certain management services to the Company for a determined fee. As a result, our Company is not responsible for the hiring, retention and compensation of these individuals (except that our Company does grant equity incentive awards to these individuals). However, our Company directly benefits from the efforts undertaken by LMC to attract and retain talented employees. LMC strives to create a diverse, inclusive and supportive workplace, with opportunities for its employees to grow and develop in their careers, supported by competitive compensation, benefits and health and wellness programs, and by programs that build connections between its employees and their communities. Our Company fully supports these efforts. Additionally, as of December 31, 2022, our consolidated subsidiaries had an aggregate of approximately 24,600 full and part-time employees. Employment levels fluctuate due to seasonal factors affecting our business. Additionally, our consolidated subsidiaries utilize independent contractors and temporary staffing agency personnel to supplement their workforce, particularly on a seasonal basis. We believe that our employee relations are good and a key factor in our workforce strategy. Diversity, Equity, Inclusion DE I ). We remain committed to fostering an inclusive culture that ensures fairness and a sense of belonging for our employees, business partners and the customer experiences we offer by leveraging diversity in all its forms to deliver on our promise to continuously exceed expectations. Our DE I commitments focus on the following areas: leadership representation, leadership accountability, education and awareness, culture, consumers marketplace, community impact, and transparency. We serve a broad and diverse range of customers around the world and we strive to understand the lives they lead in order to deliver authentic customer experiences with meaningful curated products. For this reason, we embrace the benefits that the diverse backgrounds, perspectives and experiences of our employees bring to our culture and the decisions we make. We aim to ensure that we consistently apply a lens of inclusion and equity in our processes and decisions relating to our employees, business partners, products, and customer experiences. We are taking steps to help employees discover new perspectives, build empathy, have critical conversations about topics such as race, microaggressions and allyship, and support each other. We have expanded Team Member Resource Groups to promote employee connections, career development, community impact and consumer and marketplace growth. We are delivering our DE I training to all employees via online modules, videos, e-learning, and in-person facilitated experiences. We are also continuing our efforts to attract and grow diverse talent and suppliers, offer inclusive product assortments, and ensure broad representation in our marketing, digital, and on-air activities. Employee Engagement and Enablement. To improve employee engagement and enablement, our consolidated subsidiaries conduct an annual employee engagement survey and various pulse surveys throughout the year on topics such as company direction, leadership, culture, performance and rewards, and change management. The results of these surveys are used by management to improve the overall employee experience and retention, as well as help to inform our approach to company programs and practices. For example, based in part on feedback from team members regarding work from home arrangements instituted in response to the outbreak of COVID-19, in 2022 we introduced a new flexible distributed 
 I-16 

Table of Contents 
 workforce model which allows some of our team members to have the option to work from home most of the time based on a schedule approved by our team members respective management team. Health and Safety. We are committed to maintaining a safe and secure work environment and have specific safety programs and protocols in place to protect our team members. This includes administering a comprehensive occupational injury- and illness-prevention program and training for team members. In addition to offering a variety of comprehensive health benefits plans, we also offer our team members a variety of mental, emotional, and physical wellness resources, among a number of other initiatives, such as greater access to telemedicine and home care help. We also continue to monitor governmental response to the COVID-19 pandemic, and where applicable, continue to comply with country, state and local restrictions related to addressing COVID-19 risks. Available Information All of our filings with the SEC, including our Form 10-Ks, Form 10-Qs and Form 8-Ks, as well as amendments to such filings are available on our Internet website free of charge generally within 24 hours after we file such material with the SEC. Our website address is www.qurateretail.com. Our corporate governance guidelines, code of business conduct and ethics, compensation committee charter, nominating and corporate governance committee charter, and audit committee charter are available on our website. In addition, we will provide a copy of any of these documents, free of charge, to any shareholder who calls or submits a request in writing to Investor Relations, Qurate Retail, Inc., 12300 Liberty Boulevard, Englewood, Colorado 80112, Tel. No. (866) 876-0461. The information contained on our website and the websites of our subsidiaries and affiliated businesses mentioned throughout this report are not incorporated by reference herein. Item 1A. Risk Factors The risks described below and elsewhere in this Annual Report are not the only ones that relate to our businesses or our capitalization. The risks described below are considered to be the most material. However, there may be other unknown or unpredictable economic, business, competitive, regulatory or other factors that also could have material adverse effects on our businesses. Past financial performance may not be a reliable indicator of future performance and historical trends should not be used to anticipate results or trends in future periods. If any of the events described below were to occur, our businesses, prospects, financial condition, results of operations and/or cash flows could be materially adversely affected. The following is a summary of the material risk factors that could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations Risk Factor Summary Risks Related to Our Financial Condition and Business Improvements in operating results from expected savings in operating costs from Project Athens and other cost saving and business improvement initiatives may not be realized in the anticipated amounts, may take longer to be realized, or could be realized only for a limited period. Our subsidiary QVC depends on the television distributors that carry its programming, and no assurance can be given that QVC will be able to maintain and renew its affiliation agreements on favorable terms or at all. The COVID-19 pandemic negatively impacted, and future pandemics or epidemics may negatively impact, our business, key financial and operating metrics, and results of operations in numerous ways that remain unpredictable. New legislation or regulations related to climate change and increased focus by governmental and non-governmental organizations, stockholders and customers on sustainability issues may have a material adverse 
 I-17 

Table of Contents 
 effect on our business and results of operations. Our businesses are subject to risks of adverse government regulation. Our subsidiaries and business affiliates conduct their businesses under highly competitive conditions. The sales and operating results of our businesses depend on their ability to attract new customers, retain existing customers and predict or respond to consumer preferences. We depend on the continued growth of e-commerce in general and Zulily depends on the flash sales model in particular. The failure of QVC to maintain suitable placement for its programming or to adapt to changes in consumer behavior driven by online video distribution platforms for viewing content could adversely affect its ability to attract and retain television viewers and could result in a decrease in revenue. Any continued or permanent inability of QVC to transmit its programming via satellite would result in lost revenue and could result in lost customers. Certain of our subsidiaries and business affiliates may fail to adequately protect their intellectual property rights or may be accused of infringing intellectual property rights of third parties. Our subsidiaries offer installment payment options on most of their respective merchandise. Failure to effectively manage such installment payment options could negatively impact our results of operations. Increases in labor costs. Natural disasters, political crises, and other catastrophic events or other events outside of our control, including climate change, may damage our facilities or the facilities of third parties on which we depend, adversely affect our ability to operate our businesses and have broader effects. Impairment of our goodwill or other intangible assets. Risks Related to Technology and Information Security We have identified a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting, that, if not properly remediated, could adversely affect our business and results of operations. Rapid technological advances could render the products and services offered by our subsidiaries and our business affiliates obsolete or non-competitive. Our E-commerce business could be negatively affected by changes in third-party digital platform algorithms and dynamics as well as our inability to monetize the resulting web traffic. System interruption and the lack of integration and redundancy in the systems and infrastructures of our subsidiary QVC and our other online commerce and catalog businesses may adversely affect their ability to, as applicable, operate their businesses, transmit their television programs, operate websites, process and fulfill transactions, respond to customer inquiries and generally maintain cost-efficient operations. The processing, storage, sharing, use, disclosure and protection of personal data could give rise to liabilities as a result of governmental regulation, conflicting legal requirements or differing views of personal privacy rights. Our businesses may experience difficulty in the ongoing development, implementation and customer acceptance of applications for personal electronic devices, which could harm their business. Our businesses are subject to cyber security risks, including security breaches and identity theft. Risks Related to our Facilities and Third-Party Suppliers and Vendors Our programming and online commerce businesses rely on distribution facilities to operate their business, and any damage to one of these facilities, or any disruptions caused by incorporating new facilities into their operations, could have a material adverse impact on their business. Our home television and online commerce businesses rely on independent shipping companies to deliver the products they sell. Our programming and online commerce businesses depend on their relationships with third party suppliers and vendors and any adverse changes in these relationships could adversely affect our results of operations. The unanticipated loss of certain larger vendors or the consolidation of our programming and online commerce businesses vendors could negatively impact their sales and profitability on a short term basis. 
 I-18 

Table of Contents 
 Risks Related to the Seasonality of Our Business Certain of our businesses face significant inventory risk. The seasonality of our businesses places increased strain on their operations. Risk Related to Management and Key Personnel The success of our home television and online commerce businesses depends in large part on their ability to recruit and retain key personnel capable of executing their unique business models. We have overlapping directors and officers with LMC, TripAdvisor Holdings, Liberty Broadband, and, following LMC s proposed split-off of its subsidiary Atlanta Braves Holdings, Inc. ABH ), are expected to have overlapping directors and officers with ABH, which may lead to conflicting interests. Risks Related to Economic Conditions Certain of our subsidiaries and business affiliates have operations outside of the U.S. that are subject to numerous operational and financial risks. Weak and uncertain economic conditions worldwide may reduce consumer demand for our businesses products and services. Increases in market interest rates could increase our operating costs and decrease consumer demand, which may adversely affect our businesses. Significant developments stemming from U.S. and international trade policy with China, including in response to forced labor and human rights abuses in China, may adversely impact our businesses and operating results. Risks Related to Our Indebtedness and Common Stock QVC has significant indebtedness, which could limit its flexibility in responding to current market conditions, restrict its business activity and adversely affect our financial condition. QVC may need to refinance its indebtedness. Covenants in QVC s debt agreements restrict its business in many ways. QVC may be adversely affected by the discontinuance of the London Inter-Bank Offered Rate and the transition to alternative reference rates. A substantial portion of our consolidated debt is held above the operating subsidiary level, and we could be unable in the future to obtain cash in amounts sufficient to service that debt and our other financial obligations. We have disposed of the reference shares underlying the exchangeable debentures of LI LLC, which exposes us to liquidity risk. Transactions in our common stock by our insiders could depress the market price of our common stock. It may be difficult for a third party to acquire us, even if doing so may be beneficial to our stockholders. Risks Related to Our Financial Condition and Business Improvements in operating results from expected savings in operating costs from Project Athens and other cost saving and business improvement initiatives may not be realized in the anticipated amounts, may take longer to be realized, or could be realized only for a limited period. In 2022, Qurate Retail announced Project Athens, a five-point turnaround plan designed to stabilize and differentiate its core HSN and QVC-U.S. brands and expand the Company s leadership in video streaming commerce. During 2022 the first phase of Project Athens was commenced, and included actions to reduce inventory and a planned workforce reduction. It is expected that Project Athens will complete its objectives by the end of 2025. However, in order to implement this or any other future cost savings or business improvement initiatives, we have incurred, or expect to incur, additional expenses, which could adversely impact our financial results prior to the realization of the expected benefits associated with the initiatives. These initiatives could also divert the attention of management and cause disruptions in the Company s business, which could have an adverse impact on the business and financial results. Due to numerous factors or future developments, we may not achieve cost reductions or other business improvements consistent with our expectations or the benefits may be delayed. These factors or future 
 I-19 

Table of Contents 
 developments could include the incurrence of higher than expected costs or delays in workforce reduction measures, actual savings differing from anticipated cost savings, anticipated benefits from business improvement initiatives not materializing and disruptions to normal operations or other unintended adverse impacts resulting from the initiatives. Our subsidiary QVC depends on the television distributors that carry its programming, and no assurance can be given that QVC will be able to maintain and renew its affiliation agreements on favorable terms or at all. QVC currently distributes its programming through affiliation or transmission agreements with many television service providers, including, but not limited to, Comcast, DIRECTV, Charter, DISH, Verizon, and Cox in the U.S., Vodafone Kabel Deutschland GmbH, Media Broadcast GmbH, SES ASTRA, SES Platform Services GmbH, Telekom Deutschland GmbH, Unitymedia GmbH, Tele Columbus and Primacom in Germany, Jupiter Telecommunications, Ltd., Sky Perfect and World Hi-Vision Channel, Inc. in Japan, A1 Telekom Austria AG and UPC Telekabel Wien GmbH in Austria, British Sky Broadcasting, Freesat, Freeview and Virgin Media in the U.K., and Mediaset, Hot Bird and Sky Italia in Italy. QVC s affiliation agreements with its distributors are scheduled to expire between 2023 and 2026. As part of normal course renewal discussions, occasionally QVC has disagreements with its distributors over the terms of its carriage, such as channel placement or other contract terms. If not resolved through business negotiation, such disagreements could result in litigation or termination of an existing agreement. Termination of an existing agreement resulting in the loss of distribution of QVC s programming to a material portion of its television households may adversely affect its growth, net revenue and earnings. The renewal negotiation process for affiliation agreements is typically lengthy. In some cases, renewals are not agreed upon prior to the expiration of a given agreement while the programming continues to be carried by the relevant distributor without an effective agreement in place. QVC does not have distribution agreements with some of the cable operators that carry its programming. In total, QVC is currently providing programming without affiliation agreements to distributors representing approximately 7 of its QVC U.S. distribution, and approximately 1 of its HSN distribution. Some of QVC s international programming may continue to be carried by distributors after the expiration dates on its affiliation agreements with such distributors have passed. QVC may be unable to obtain renewals with its current distributors on acceptable terms, if at all. QVC may also be unable to successfully negotiate affiliation agreements with new or existing distributors to carry its programming and no assurance can be given that they will be successful in negotiating renewals with these distributors or that the financial and other terms of these renewals will be acceptable. Although QVC considers its current levels of distribution without written agreement to be ordinary course, no assurance can be given that QVC will be successful in negotiating renewals with all these operators or that the financial and other terms of renewal will be on acceptable terms. The failure to successfully renew or negotiate new affiliation agreements covering a material portion of television households on acceptable terms could result in a discontinuation of carriage that may adversely affect its viewership, growth, net revenue and earnings. The COVID-19 pandemic negatively impacted our business, and future pandemics or epidemics may negatively impact, our business, key financial and operating metrics, and results of operations in numerous ways that remain unpredictable. The COVID-19 pandemic, resulted in significant disruption to the global economy, has negatively impacted us and our operations, and is expected to continue to impact us and our operations in 2023. Ongoing or heightened resurgences of COVID-19 including new variants, or the occurrence of another pandemic or epidemic could recreate and/or exacerbate the risks and adverse impacts described below. For example, during the outbreak of COVID-19, the stay at home restrictions imposed in response to COVID-19 led many traditional brick-and-mortar retailers to temporarily close their stores but allowed distance retailers, such as QVC, to continue operating. As a result, QVC initially experienced an increase in new customers and an increase in demand for certain categories, such as home and electronics. However, as the stay-at-home restrictions were moderated, traditional brick-and-mortar retailers were allowed to reopen their stores and consumers were able to resume prepandemic shopping habits. Beginning in the second quarter of 2021, and continuing through the fourth quarter of 2022, QVC observed a decline in customers and a decline in demand for its products. As a result of resource constraints related to the global response to COVID-19, QVC experienced delays in receiving merchandise at certain fulfillment centers. As a result, QVC had to limit the number of products it is able to promote on air. QVC s programming could be further disrupted if any of its on-site employees were suspected or confirmed of having COVID-19 or other illnesses and such illness required it to quarantine some or all such employees or disinfect our locations. Additionally, in some cases, the move to a remote work arrangement for QVC s employees will be permanent, which has 
 I-20 

Table of Contents 
 allowed QVC to reduce office space. COVID-19 also has had an adverse impact on QVC s supply chain due to factory closures, shipping and trucking delays and labor shortages, resulting in shipping delays and other resource constraints related to the products it imports and those it produces domestically. As a result, QVC s manufacturers and vendors were unable to produce and deliver the products is sells, either on a timely basis or at all. Additionally, factory closures, shipping and trucking delays and labor shortages resulted in QVC s manufacturers and vendors experiencing financial difficulties. Ongoing or heightened resurgences of COVID-19, including new variants in the future, or the occurrence of another pandemic or epidemic could result in the inability of manufacturers and vendors to meet QVC s supply needs in a timely manner, or at all, could cause QVC to shift product promotion to items which are available, but possibly not in demand, which could have a negative impact on sales. For example, beginning in the second quarter of 2021, QVC saw increased product shortages as a result of high market demand in some product categories such as home and electronics. As a result, although QVC normally plans its product presentations months in advance based on its expectations of consumer demand, supply chain issues required that it shift or reschedule a number of product presentations due to a lack of product availability. In some cases, the products were part of a broader marketing campaign, which also impacted the sale of related items that were originally intended to leverage off of the shifted product promotion. Delays by manufacturers and vendors could also result in delays to delivery dates to QVC s customers, which could result in the cancellation of orders, customers refusal to accept deliveries, a reduction in purchase prices and ultimately, termination of customer relationships. For example, beginning in the second quarter of 2021, QVC experienced escalating shipping disruptions due to challenges in the global supply chain and labor market. Although these product shortages and supply chain disruptions have moderated, in the event of ongoing or heightened resurgences of COVID-19, including new variants in the future, or the occurrence of another pandemic or epidemic, QVC cannot be certain that it will be able to identify alternative sources for its products without delay or without greater cost to QVC. Additionally, the COVID-19 pandemic, or a future pandemic or epidemic, may adversely impact QVC s ability to comply with various legal and contractual obligations and may expose it to increased litigation, including labor and employment claims, breach of contract claims and consumer claims by its customers. QVC s insurance coverage may not be applicable to, or sufficient to cover, all claims, costs, and damages it may incur as a result of COVID-19, or future pandemic or epidemic, related claims, which would result in QVC bearing such costs and could have a material adverse effect on its business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, there are several adverse impacts of COVID-19 that have caused and could continue to cause a material negative impact to QVC s financial results, including its capital and liquidity, for 2023 and beyond. These include reduced demand for products it sells; decreases in the disposable income of existing and potential new customers; the impacts of inflation or recession; increased currency volatility resulting in adverse currency rate fluctuations; higher interest rates, higher unemployment; labor shortages; and an adverse impact to QVC s supply chain and shipping disruptions for both the products it imports and purchases domestically and the products it sells, including essential products experiencing higher demand, due to factory closures, labor shortages and other resource constraints. There can be no assurance that QVC will be able to accurately predict or plan for any long-term effects on its business, and thus the ultimate impacts of COVID-19, or a future pandemic or epidemic, on its business, financial condition and result of operations remain uncertain. Even after the COVID-19 pandemic subsides, or in the event of a heightened resurgences of COVID-19, including new variants in the future, or the occurrence of another pandemic or epidemic, the U.S. economy and other major global economies may experience a recession, and QVC anticipates its businesses and operations would be materially adversely affected by a prolonged recession in the U.S. and other major markets. Our businesses are subject to risks of adverse government regulation. Our programming business QVC markets and provides a broad range of merchandise through television shopping programs and proprietary websites. Similarly, our online commerce business Zulily markets and provides a broad range of merchandise and/or services through its proprietary websites. As a result, our businesses are subject to a wide variety of statutes, rules, regulations, policies and procedures in various jurisdictions, including foreign jurisdictions, which are subject to change at any time, including laws regarding consumer protection, data privacy and security, the regulation of retailers generally, the license requirements for television retailers in foreign jurisdictions, the importation, sale and promotion of merchandise and the operation of retail stores and warehouse facilities, as well as laws and regulations applicable to the Internet and businesses engaged in online commerce, such as those regulating the sending of unsolicited, commercial electronic mail and texts. The failure by our 
 I-21 

Table of Contents 
 businesses to comply with these laws and regulations could result in a revocation of required licenses, fines and/or proceedings by governmental agencies and/or consumers, which could adversely affect our businesses, financial condition and results of operations. Moreover, unfavorable changes in the laws, rules and regulations applicable to our businesses could decrease demand for our businesses products and services, increase costs and/or subject our businesses to additional liabilities. Similarly, new disclosure and reporting requirements, established under existing or new state, federal or foreign laws, such as regulatory rules regarding requirements to disclose efforts to identify the origin and existence of certain conflict minerals or abusive labor practices in portions of QVC s supply chains, could increase the cost of doing business, adversely affecting our results of operations. In addition, certain of these regulations may impact the marketing efforts of our businesses and their brands. As mentioned above, the manner in which certain of our subsidiaries and business affiliates sell and promote merchandise and related claims and representations made in connection with these efforts is regulated by federal, state and local law, as well as the laws of the foreign countries in which they operate. Certain of our subsidiaries and business affiliates may be exposed to potential liability from claims by purchasers or by regulators and law enforcement agencies, including, but not limited to, claims for personal injury, wrongful death and damage to personal property relating to merchandise sold and misrepresentation of merchandise features and benefits. In certain instances, these subsidiaries and business affiliates have the right to seek indemnification for related liabilities from their respective vendors and may require such vendors to carry minimum levels of product liability and errors and omissions insurance. These vendors, however, may be unable to satisfy indemnification claims, obtain suitable coverage or maintain this coverage on acceptable terms, or insurance may provide inadequate coverage or be unavailable with respect to a particular claim. In addition, programming services, cable television systems, the Internet, telephony services and satellite service providers are subject to varying degrees of regulation in the U.S. by the FCC and other entities and in foreign countries by similar regulators. Such regulation and legislation are subject to the political process and have been in constant flux over the past decade. The application of various sales and use tax provisions under state, local and foreign law to the products and services of our subsidiaries and certain of our business affiliates sold via the Internet, television and telephone is subject to interpretation by the applicable taxing authorities, and no assurance can be given that such authorities will not take a contrary position to that taken by our subsidiaries and certain of our business affiliates, which could have a material adverse effect on their businesses. In addition, there have been numerous attempts at the federal, state and local levels to impose additional taxes on online commerce transactions. Moreover, most foreign countries in which our subsidiaries or business affiliates have, or may in the future make, an investment, regulate, in varying degrees, the distribution, content and ownership of programming services and foreign investment in programming companies and the Internet. Certain of our businesses are subject to consent decrees issued by the FTC barring them from making deceptive claims for specified weight-loss products and dietary supplements and prohibiting them from making certain claims about specified weight-loss, dietary supplement and anti-cellulite products unless they have competent and reliable scientific evidence to substantiate such claims. Violation of these consent decrees may result in the imposition of significant civil penalties for non-compliance and related redress to consumers and/or the issuance of an injunction enjoining these businesses from engaging in prohibited activities. Further material changes in the law and increased regulatory requirements must be anticipated, and there can be no assurance that our businesses and or any of our assets will not become subject to increased expenses or more stringent restrictions as a result of any future legislation, new regulation or deregulation. New legislation or regulations related to climate change and increased focus by governmental and non-governmental organizations, stockholders and customers on sustainability issues may have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. Federal, state and local governments, as well as some of our customers, are beginning to respond to climate change issues. This increased focus on sustainability may result in new legislation or regulations and customer requirements that could negatively affect us as we may incur additional costs or be required to make changes to our operations in order to comply with any new regulations or customer requirements. On March 21, 2022, the SEC proposed new rules relating to the disclosure of a range of climate-related risks. We are currently assessing the proposed rule, but at this time we cannot predict the costs of implementation or any potential adverse impacts resulting from the rule as proposed. To the extent this rule is finalized as proposed, we could incur increased costs relating to the assessment and disclosure of climate-related risks. 
 I-22 

Table of Contents 
 Legislation or regulations related to climate change that potentially impose restrictions, caps, taxes or other controls on energy use, packaging and waste, sustainable supply chain practices, animal health and welfare and water use may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. Such restrictions, caps, taxes or other controls related to climate change may also increase the operating costs of our various vendors, which in turn could increase our cost of doing business or impact our revenues. Additionally, if our various vendors are unable or unwilling to comply with providing us the necessary greenhouse gas information potentially required by legislative or regulatory actions related to climate change, our cost of disclosure, revenues or reputation may be materially adversely affected. In addition, our revenues could decrease if we are unable to meet customer sustainability requirements or competitive pressures to source products that are perceived as green. These additional costs, changes in operations or loss of revenues may have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. Our subsidiaries and business affiliates conduct their businesses under highly competitive conditions. Although QVC is one of the nation s largest home shopping networks, it has numerous and varied competitors at the national and local levels, ranging from large department stores to specialty shops, electronic retailers, direct marketing retailers, wholesale clubs, discount retailers, infomercial retailers, and Internet retailers. In addition, QVC competes with other televised shopping retailers, such as ShopHQ in the U.S., Shop Channel in Japan, HSE 24 in Germany and Italy, and Ideal World in the U.K., infomercial retailers, Internet retailers, including livestream shopping retailers, and mail-order and catalog companies. QVC also competes for access to customers and audience share with other providers of televised, online and hard copy entertainment and content. Similarly, Zulily and CBI compete with e-commerce businesses such as Amazon.com, Inc. and Alibaba Group, the e-commerce platforms of traditional retailers such as Target Corporation and Wal-Mart Stores, Inc., and online marketplaces such as eBay Inc. CBI also competes with other mail-order and catalog companies. Zulily expects increased competition with companies employing a flash sales model as there are no significant barriers to entry. Competition is characterized by many factors, including assortment, advertising, price, quality, services, accessibility, the attractiveness and ease of use of digital platforms, cost and speed of options for delivery, reputation and credit availability, as well as the financial, technical and marketing expertise of competitors. For example, many of our businesses competitors have greater resources, longer histories, more customers and greater brand recognition than our businesses do, and competitors may secure better terms from vendors, adopt more aggressive pricing, offer free or subsidized shipping and devote more resources to technology, fulfillment and marketing. In addition, many retailers, especially online retailers with whom our subsidiaries and business affiliates compete, are increasingly offering customers aggressive shipping terms, including free or discounted expedited shipping. As these practices become more prevalent, our subsidiaries and business affiliates may experience further competitive pressures to attract customers and/or to change their shipping programs. Other companies also may enter into business combinations or alliances that strengthen their competitive positions. Such business combinations or alliances may result in competitors with greatly improved financial resources, improved access to merchandise, greater market penetration than they previously enjoyed and other improvements in their competitive positions. This may cause QVC s customers to elect to purchase products from a competitor that they would have historically purchased from QVC, resulting in less revenue to QVC. If our subsidiaries and business affiliates do not compete effectively with regard to these factors, our results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. Moreover, although our subsidiaries and business affiliates sell a variety of exclusive products, one of the most significant challenges our subsidiaries and business affiliates face is competition on the basis of price. Price is of great importance to most customers, and price transparency and comparability continues to increase, particularly as a result of digital technology. The ability of consumers to compare prices on a real-time basis puts additional pressure on our subsidiaries and business affiliates to maintain competitive prices. Additionally, as a result of inflationary pressures currently being experienced in many markets, our cost to obtain, import and deliver the products we sell has increased, which has required us to charge consumers more for those products, or reduce our margin on those products, or both. These price increases may result in us being unable to maintain competitive prices with other retailers. In addition, many retailers, especially online retailers with whom our subsidiaries and business affiliates compete, are increasingly offering customers aggressive shipping terms, including free or discounted expedited shipping. As these practices become more prevalent, our subsidiaries and business affiliates may experience further competitive pressures to attract customers and/or to change their shipping programs. Our subsidiaries and business affiliates ability to be competitive on delivery times and shipping costs depends on many factors, and their failure to successfully manage these factors and offer competitive shipping terms could negatively impact the demand for their products and our profit margins. 
 I-23 

Table of Contents 
 The sales and operating results of our businesses depend on their ability to attract new customers, retain existing customers and predict or respond to consumer preferences. In an effort to attract and retain customers, these businesses engage in various merchandising and marketing initiatives, which involve the expenditure of money and resources. For example, QVC and CBI have spent, and expect to continue to spend, increasing amounts of money on, and devote greater resources to, certain of these initiatives, particularly in connection with the growth and maintenance of their brands generally, as well as in the continuing efforts of their businesses to increasingly engage customers through online digital marketing. These initiatives, however, may not resonate with existing customers or consumers generally or may not be cost-effective. In addition, costs associated with the production and distribution of television programming (in the case of QVC), paper and printing costs for catalogs (in the case of CBI) and costs associated with digital marketing, including marketing on third-party platforms such as Google and Facebook, have increased and are likely to continue to increase in the foreseeable future and, if significant, could have a material adverse effect to the extent that they do not result in corresponding increases in net revenue. These companies also continuously develop new retail concepts and adjust their product mix in an effort to satisfy customer demands. Any sustained failure to identify and respond to emerging trends in lifestyle and consumer preferences could have a material adverse effect on the businesses of these subsidiaries and business affiliates. Consumer spending may be affected by many factors outside of their control, including competition from store-based retailers, mail-order and third-party Internet companies, consumer confidence and preferences, and general economic conditions. We depend on the continued growth of e-commerce in general and Zulily depends on the flash sales model in particular. The business of selling products over the Internet, particularly on the flash sales model, is dynamic and evolving. The market segment for the flash sales model has grown significantly, and this growth may not be sustainable. If customers cease to find the flash sales model shopping experience fun, entertaining and a good value, or otherwise lose interest in shopping in this manner, Zulily may not acquire new customers at rates consistent with its historical or projected periods, and existing customers buying patterns and levels may be less than historical or projected rates. If Zulily is unable to successfully deliver emails or mobile alerts to its subscribers, or if subscribers decline to open its emails or mobile alerts, Zulily s net sales and profitability would be adversely affected. In addition, changes in how webmail application providers, such as Google Inc. and Yahoo! Inc., prioritize, filter and deliver email may also reduce the number of subscribers opening Zulily s emails which may also result in a decline in net sales. If the market segment for the flash sales model were to become saturated or decline overall, Zulily may not be able to acquire new customers or engage existing customers, which could adversely affect our financial condition and operating results. The failure of our subsidiary QVC to maintain suitable placement for its programming or to adapt to changes in consumer behavior driven by online video distribution platforms for viewing content could adversely affect its ability to attract and retain television viewers and could result in a decrease in revenue. QVC is dependent upon the continued ability of its programming to compete for viewers. Effectively competing for television viewers is dependent, in substantial part, on its ability to negotiate and maintain placement of its programming at a favorable channel position, such as in a basic tier or within a general entertainment or general broadcasting tier. Less favorable channel position for QVC s programming, such as placement adjacent to programming that does not complement its programming, a position next to its televised home shopping competitors or isolation in a shopping tier could adversely affect QVC s ability to attract television viewers to its programming. In addition, if QVC s programming is carried exclusively by a distributor on a digital programming tier, QVC may experience a reduction in revenue to the extent that the digital programming tier has less television viewer penetration than the basic or expanded basic programming tier. QVC may experience a further reduction in revenue due to increased television viewing audience fragmentation to the extent that not all television sets within a digital cable home are equipped to receive television programming in a digital format. Changes in consumer behavior driven by online video distribution platforms for viewing content may have an adverse impact on QVC s business. Distribution platforms for viewing content over the internet have been, and will likely continue to be, developed that further increase the competition for viewers of programming. These distribution platforms are driving changes in consumer behavior as consumers seek more control over when, where and how they consume content. Consumers are increasingly turning to online sources for viewing content, which has and likely will continue to reduce the number of viewers of our television programming. Although QVC has attempted to adapt its offerings to changing consumer behaviors, virtual multichannel video providers, online video distributors and programming networks 
 I-24 

Table of Contents 
 providing their content directly to consumers over the internet rather than through traditional television services continue to emerge, gain consumer acceptance and disrupt traditional television distribution services, which QVC relies on for the distribution of its television programming. An increasing number of companies offering streaming services, including some with exclusive high-quality original video programming, as well as programming networks offering content directly to consumers over the internet, have increased the number of entertainment choices available to consumers, which has intensified audience fragmentation. The increase in entertainment choices adversely affects the viewership of our programming. Additionally, time-shifting technologies, such as video on demand services and DVR and cloud-based recording services, could adversely affect QVC s ability to attract television viewers to its programming. QVC s future success will depend, in part, on its ability to anticipate and adapt to technological changes and to offer elements of its programming via new technologies in a cost-effective manner that meet customer demands and evolving industry standards. QVC s failure to effectively anticipate or adapt to emerging technologies or competitors or changes in consumer behavior, including among younger consumers, could have an adverse effect on QVC s competitive position, businesses and results of operations. Any continued or permanent inability of QVC to transmit its programming via satellite would result in lost revenue and could result in lost customers. The success of our subsidiary QVC is dependent upon its continued ability to transmit its programming to television providers from its satellite uplink facilities, and for QVC s distributors to continue to receive its programming at its satellite earth station downlink facilities. These transmissions are subject to FCC regulation and compliance with the U.S. and foreign regulatory requirements in QVC s international operations. In most cases, QVC has entered into long-term satellite transponder leases to provide for continued carriage of its programming on replacement transponders and/or replacement satellites, as applicable, in the event of a failure of either the transponders and/or satellites currently carrying its programming. Although QVC believes that it takes reasonable and customary measures to ensure continued satellite transmission capability and believes that these international transponder service agreements can be renewed (or replaced, if necessary) in the ordinary course of business, termination or interruption of satellite transmissions may occur, particularly if QVC is not able to successfully negotiate renewals or replacements of any of its expiring transponder service agreements in the future. In order to free up additional spectrum for the provision of next generation commercial wireless broadband services, commonly referred to as 5G, the FCC has adopted rules to reallocate for 5G a portion of the 500 MHz in the 3.7 to 4.2 GHz C-Band spectrum, which is currently used for the delivery of QVC s programming, and other video programming, to its distributors satellite earth stations. The FCC has established December 5, 2025 as the deadline for the relocation of the C-Band. QVC has worked closely with its satellite uplink and downlink operators in an effort to minimize disruptions to QVC s television programming distribution operations that might result from the conversion of those portions of C-Band to 5G usage. However, QVC can give no assurance that there will not be any disruptions to QVC s television programming distribution operations during this transition. Our subsidiaries offer their installment payment option on most of their merchandise and, in certain circumstances offer it as the default payment option. The failure of our subsidiaries QVC U.S., QVC International, HSN and Zulily to effectively manage the Easy-Pay, Flexpay, Smart-Pay and revolving credit card programs as applicable, could negatively impact our results of operations. QVC offers an installment payment option in all of its markets other than Japan, which is available on certain merchandise it sells. This installment payment option is called Easy-Pay at QVC U.S. and in the U.K., Q-Pay in Germany and Italy, and Flex-Pay at HSN. QVC s installment payment option is currently offered on most of its merchandise and for QVC U.S. website and mobile sales and QVC U.K. mobile sales, is set as the default payment option on all products on which it is offered. Full payment for merchandise at the time of sale would require the customer to affirmatively change to that option. QVC s installment payment option, when offered, allows customers to pay for certain merchandise in multiple interest-free monthly installments. When the installment payment option is offered by QVC U.S. and QVC International and elected by the customer (or if the customer inadvertently purchases merchandise using the installment payment option because it was the default payment option), the first installment is typically billed to the customer s credit or debit card upon shipment. Generally, the customer s credit or debit card is subsequently billed in additional monthly installments until the total purchase price of the products has been billed. QVC U.S. and QVC International cannot predict whether customers will pay their installments when due or 
 I-25 

Table of Contents 
 at all, regardless of whether the customer would have preferred to pay in one lump-sum but did not opt out of the installment payment option. Accordingly, QVC maintains an allowance for customer bad debts arising from these late and unpaid installments. This provision for customer bad debts is provided as a percentage of accounts receivable based on QVC s historical experience in the period of sale and is included within selling, general and administrative expense. To the extent that customers elect installment payment options at greater rates, or to the extent the number of customers failing to opt out of the default installment payment option increases, QVC would be required to maintain a greater allowance for customer bad debt and to the extent that installment payment option losses exceed historical levels, our and QVC s results of operations may be negatively impacted. Zulily offers Smart-pay, a program which customers may pay for certain merchandise in two or three payments. Zulily maintains allowances for estimated losses resulting from the inability of customers to make required payments. Actual losses due to the inability of customers to make required payments may increase in a given period or exceed related estimates. Zulily may experience these losses at greater rates, which will require it to maintain greater allowances for credit losses of estimated losses than it has historically. Most major retailers either directly or through third parties offer some form of Buy Now Pay Later BNPL financing arrangements that typically charge interest or late fees. Recently, a number of jurisdictions in which we operate have indicated that these BNPL financing arrangements will be subject to increased regulation to ensure compliance with various consumer protection laws and regulations. Although we do not charge interest or impose late fees as part of our installment payment options, changes to existing laws and regulations or their interpretation, or the adoption of new laws or regulations could require mandatory changes to our installment payment options. Implementing these changes may increase our costs to maintain our installment payment options and may make our installment payment options less desirable to our customers which could lead to a decline in sales; additionally, failure to comply with these laws and regulations could result in the imposition of fines and penalties, any of which could have an adverse effect on our results of operations. In addition, QVC U.S., HSN and Zulily have agreements with a large consumer financial institution (the Bank pursuant to which the Bank provides revolving credit directly to U.S. customers for the sole purpose of purchasing merchandise from QVC U.S., HSN and Zulily with a branded credit card (for QVC U.S. the Q Card , for HSN the HSN Credit Card and for Zulily the Zulily Credit Card ). We cannot predict the extent to which QVC U.S., HSN and Zulily s customers will use the Q Card, the HSN Credit Card, or the Zulily Credit Card nor the extent that they will make payments on their outstanding balances, especially during the duration of the COVID-19 pandemic. As QVC receives a portion of the net economics from the credit card program, the ability of customers to make payments on their outstanding balances due to circumstances related to the pandemic could result in reduced private label credit card income from the financial institution providing the revolving credit to our customers. Certain of our subsidiaries and business affiliates may fail to adequately protect their intellectual property rights or may be accused of infringing intellectual property rights of third parties . Our subsidiaries and business affiliates regard their respective intellectual property rights, including service marks, tradenames and domain names, copyrights (including their programming and their websites), trade secrets and similar intellectual property, as critical to their success. These businesses also rely heavily upon software codes, informational databases and other components that make up their products and services. From time to time, these businesses are subject to legal proceedings and claims in the ordinary course of business, including claims of alleged infringement of the tradenames, patents, copyrights and other intellectual property rights of third parties. In addition, litigation may be necessary to enforce the intellectual property rights of these businesses, protect trade secrets or to determine the validity and scope of proprietary rights claimed by others. Any litigation of this nature, regardless of outcome or merit, could result in substantial costs and diversion of management and technical resources, any of which could adversely affect the business, financial condition and results of operations of these businesses and in turn our financial condition and results of operations. The failure of these businesses to protect their intellectual property rights, particularly their proprietary brands, in a meaningful manner or third party challenges to related contractual rights could result in erosion of brand names and limit the ability of these businesses to control marketing on or through the Internet using their various domain names, which could adversely affect the business, financial condition and results of operations of these businesses, as well as the financial condition and results of operations of our Company. 
 I-26 

Table of Contents 
 Natural disasters, political crises, and other catastrophic events or other events outside of our control, including climate change, may damage our facilities or the facilities of third parties on which we depend, adversely affect our ability to operate our businesses and have broader effects. Our businesses operate regional headquarters and administrative offices, distribution centers and contact centers worldwide. If any of these facilities or the facilities of our businesses vendors or third-party service providers are affected by natural disasters (such as fires, earthquakes, tsunamis, power shortages or outages, floods or monsoons), public health crises (such as pandemics and epidemics), political crises (such as terrorism, war, political instability, insurrections or other conflict), or other events outside of our businesses control, our businesses, financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected. For example, on December 18, 2021, QVC experienced a fire at its Rocky Mount, Inc. fulfillment center in North Carolina, during which one contractor lost his life. Rocky Mount was QVC s second-largest fulfillment center processing 25 to 30 of volume for QVC-U.S. and also served as QVC-U.S. s primary returns center for hard goods. QVC does not plan to reopen the Rocky Mount facility. Instead, inbound deliveries have been diverted to other distribution facilities within QVC s distribution network and third-party logistic service providers. Climate change may also have indirect effects on our businesses by increasing the cost of, or making unavailable, property insurance on terms we find acceptable. To the extent that significant changes in the climate occur in areas where our properties are located, we may experience more frequent extreme weather events, which may result in physical damage to our or our third parties facilities and may adversely affect our businesses, results of operations and financial condition. In addition, any of these events occurring at our or our businesses vendors facilities also could impact its businesses reputations and their customers perception of the products they sell, and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Moreover, these types of events could have broader effects causing macro-level issues in the areas where its businesses operate. For example these types of events could negatively impact consumer spending in the impacted regions or depending upon the severity, globally, which could adversely impact its business, financial condition and results of operations. Increases in labor costs could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations Labor is a significant portion of our cost structure and is subject to many external factors, including unemployment levels, prevailing wage rates, minimum wage laws, exempt status salary statutory thresholds, potential collective bargaining arrangements, general inflationary pressures, health and other insurance costs and changes in employment and labor legislation or other workplace regulation. From time to time, legislative proposals are made to increase federal, state and local minimum wage rates and to create or extend benefit programs, such as health insurance and paid leave programs. As minimum wage rates increase or related laws and regulations change, we may need to increase the wages paid to our hourly or salaried employees. Any increase in the cost of our labor could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations or, if we fail to pay such higher wages we could suffer increased employee turnover. In addition, increases in labor costs could force us to increase prices, which could adversely impact our sales. If competitive pressures or other factors prevent us from offsetting increased labor costs by increases in prices, our profits may decline and could have a material adverse effect on our business. Additionally, any increase in the cost of labor for our third party carriers and suppliers could increase our cost of shipping and materials, which may adversely affect our ability to increase or maintain our revenue. Impairment of our goodwill or other intangible assets could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. From time to time we review the recoverability of goodwill and other certain identifiable intangible assets, including whenever events or circumstances indicate that the carrying value of a reporting unit, including goodwill or an identifiable intangible asset, may not be recoverable. We may incur impairment charges on goodwill or identifiable intangible assets if we determine that the fair values of a reporting unit, including goodwill or identifiable intangible assets, are less than their current carrying values. We evaluate, on a regular basis, whether events or circumstances have occurred that indicate all, or a portion, of the carrying amount of goodwill may no longer be recoverable, in which case an impairment charge to earnings would become necessary. As a result of recent financial performance and macroeconomic conditions, the Company identified significant impairments of goodwill for the year ended December 31, 2022 for the QxH and Zulily reporting units and the HSN and Zulily tradenames. 
 I-27 

Table of Contents 
 Recent business trends and global economic conditions may continue to make it a challenge for our reporting units to be able to realize their current long-term forecast. The Company will continue to monitor its reporting units current business performance versus the current and updated long-term forecasts, among other relevant considerations, to determine if the carrying value of its assets (including goodwill and trademarks) is appropriate. Future outlook declines in revenue, cash flows, or other factors could result in a further decrease in fair value that may result in a determination that carrying value adjustments are required, which could be material, and we could be required to record additional impairment charges on our goodwill or other identifiable intangible assets in the future, which could result in reductions to stockholders equity and material non-cash charges to our earnings and may negatively impact our stock price and financial condition. Risks Related to Technology and Information Security We have identified a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting, that, if not properly remediated, could adversely affect our business and results of operations. A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the Company s annual or interim consolidated financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. As described in Item 9A. Controls and Procedures, we have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were ineffective as of December 31, 2022 due to a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting. The identified material weakness relates to information technology general controls ITGCs at Zulily, which also include an inventory management system in place for certain QVC and HSN fulfillment centers. Specifically, the ITGCs were not designed and operating effectively to ensure (i) that access to applications and data, and the ability to make program changes, were adequately restricted to appropriate personnel, (ii) that the activities of individuals with access to modify data and make program and job changes were appropriately monitored and (iii) that changes introduced in the production environment had undergone sufficient testing and review. Our business process controls (automated and manual) that are dependent on the affected ITGCs were also deemed ineffective because they could have been adversely impacted. While the control deficiencies identified did not result in any identified misstatements, a reasonable possibility exists that a material misstatement to the annual or interim consolidated financial statements and disclosures will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. As further described in Item 9A. Controls and Procedures, we are taking the necessary steps to remediate the material weakness. However, as the reliability of the internal control process requires repeatable execution, the successful on-going remediation of this material weakness will require on-going review and evidence of effectiveness prior to concluding that the controls are effective. Therefore, we cannot assure you that the remediation efforts will remain effective following their completion in the future or that additional or a similar material weakness will not develop or be identified. Implementing any further changes to our internal controls may distract our officers and employees and entail material costs to implement new processes and/or modify our existing processes. Moreover, these changes do not guarantee that we will be effective in maintaining the adequacy of our internal controls, and any failure to maintain that adequacy, or consequent inability to produce accurate financial statements on a timely basis, could harm our business. In addition, investors perceptions that our internal controls are inadequate or that we are unable to produce accurate financial statements on a timely basis may harm the price of our common stock. Rapid technological advances could render the products and services offered by our subsidiaries and our business affiliates obsolete or non-competitive . Our subsidiaries and business affiliates must stay abreast of rapidly evolving technological developments and offerings to remain competitive and increase the utility of their products and services. As their operations grow in size and scope, our subsidiaries and business affiliates must continuously improve and upgrade their systems and infrastructure while maintaining or improving the reliability and integrity of their systems and infrastructure. These subsidiaries and business affiliates must be able to incorporate new technologies into their products and services in order to address the needs of their customers. The emergence of alternative platforms such as mobile and tablet computing devices and the emergence of niche competitors who may be able to optimize products, services or strategies for such platforms will require new investment in technology. New developments in other areas, such as cloud 
 I-28 

Table of Contents 
 computing, could also make it easier for competition to enter their markets due to lower up-front technology costs. There can be no assurance that our subsidiaries and business affiliates will be able to compete with advancing technology or be able to maintain existing systems or replace or introduce new technologies and systems as quickly as they would like or in a cost-effective manner, and any failure to do so could result in customers seeking alternative products or service providers, thereby adversely impacting our revenue and operating income. Our E-commerce businesses could be negatively affected by changes in third-party digital platform algorithms and dynamics as well as their inability to monetize the resulting web traffic. The success of our online commerce businesses depends on a high degree of website traffic, which is dependent on many factors, including the availability of appealing website content, user loyalty and new user generation from various digital marketing channels that charge a fee. Third-party digital platforms, such as Google and Facebook, frequently update and change the logic that determines the placement and display of results of a user s search, or advertiser content, such that the purchased or algorithmic placement of advertisements or links to the websites of our online commerce businesses can be negatively affected. If a major search engine or third-party digital platform changes its algorithms in a manner that negatively affects their paid advertisement distribution or unpaid search ranking, the business and financial performance of our online commerce businesses would be adversely affected, potentially to a material extent. Additionally, Mobile application distribution platforms, such as Apple s App Store and the Amazon Appstore for Android, may require that third party digital platforms and ecommerce companies present users with an option where the user chooses to opt-in or opt-out of tracking technology used by these third party digital platforms or included in mobile applications. To the extent that users opt-out of tracking technology used by third party digital platforms on which our online commerce businesses advertise or users of our online commerce businesses applications opt-out of tracking technology included in our online commerce businesses applications, the ability to monitor and improve customer experience and track the effectiveness of our online commerce businesses digital marketing strategies would be adversely impacted. Furthermore, the failure of our online commerce businesses to successfully manage their digital marketing strategies could result in a substantial decrease in traffic to their websites, as well as increased costs if they were to replace free traffic with paid traffic. Even if our online commerce businesses are successful in generating a high level of website traffic, no assurance can be given that our online commerce businesses will be successful in achieving repeat user loyalty or that new visitors will explore the offerings on their sites. Monetizing this traffic by converting users to consumers is dependent on many factors, including availability of inventory, consumer preferences, price, ease of use and website quality. Globally, the cost of digital marketing has increased significantly, and no assurance can be given that the fees our businesses pay to third-party digital platforms will not exceed the revenue generated by their visitors. The increasing costs of digital marketing may require that we find more cost-effective ways of reaching and retaining consumers, which may not be as effective as the current methods of digital marketing. Any failure to sustain user traffic or to monetize such traffic could materially adversely affect the financial performance of our online commerce businesses and, as a result, adversely affect our financial results. System interruption and the lack of integration and redundancy in the systems and infrastructures of our subsidiary QVC and our other online commerce and catalog businesses may adversely affect their ability to, as applicable, operate their businesses, transmit their television programs, operate websites, process and fulfill transactions, respond to customer inquiries and generally maintain cost-efficient operations. The success of our subsidiaries and business affiliates depends, in part, on their ability to maintain the integrity of their transmissions, systems and infrastructures, including the transmission of television programs (in the case of QVC), as well as their websites, information and related systems, contact centers and fulfillment facilities. These subsidiaries and business affiliates may experience occasional system interruptions that make some or all transmissions, systems or data unavailable or prevent them from transmitting their signals or efficiently providing services or fulfilling orders, as the case may be. QVC maintains an ongoing process of implementing new technology systems and upgrading others. The failure to properly implement new systems, delays in implementing new systems or failing to integrate new systems with our legacy systems could impair the ability of our subsidiaries and business affiliates to provide services and content, fulfill orders and/or process transactions. Each of QVC and CBI also rely on affiliate and third-party computer systems, broadband, transmission and other communications systems and service providers in connection with the transmission of its respective signals, as well as to facilitate, process and fulfill transactions. Any interruptions, outages or delays in its signal transmissions, systems and infrastructures, or any deterioration in the performance of these transmissions, systems and infrastructures, could impair its ability to provide services, fulfill orders and/or process transactions. Fire, flood, power loss, telecommunications failure, hurricanes, tornadoes, earthquakes, public health crises (such as pandemics and epidemics) acts of war or terrorism, acts of God and similar events or disruptions may damage or interrupt television 
 I-29 

Table of Contents 
 transmissions, computer, broadband or other communications systems and infrastructures at any time. Any of these events could cause transmission or system interruption, delays and loss of critical data, and could prevent our subsidiaries and business affiliates from providing services, fulfilling orders and/or processing transactions. While our subsidiaries and business affiliates have backup systems for certain aspects of their operations, these systems are not fully redundant and disaster recovery planning is not sufficient for all possible risks. In addition, some of our subsidiaries and business affiliates may not have adequate insurance coverage to compensate for losses from a major interruption. The processing, storage, sharing, use, disclosure and protection of personal data could give rise to liabilities as a result of governmental regulation, conflicting legal requirements or differing views of personal privacy rights. In the processing of consumer transactions and managing their employees, our businesses receive, transmit and store a large volume of personally identifiable information and other user data. The processing, storage, sharing, use, disclosure and protection of this information are governed by the privacy and data security policies maintained by these businesses. Moreover, there are federal, state and international laws regarding privacy and the processing, storage, sharing, use, disclosure and protection of personally identifiable information and user data. Specifically, personally identifiable information is increasingly subject to changing legislation and regulations, in numerous jurisdictions around the world, which are intended to protect the privacy of personal information that is collected, processed and transmitted in or from the governing jurisdiction. Compliance with these laws and regulations may be onerous and expensive and may be inconsistent from jurisdiction to jurisdiction, further increasing the cost of compliance. For example, the European Court of Justice in 2015 invalidated the U.S.-E.U. Safe Harbor Framework, which facilitated personal data transfers to the U.S. in compliance with applicable European data protection laws. The E.U.-U.S. Privacy Shield, which replaced the U.S.-E.U. Safe Harbor Framework, and became fully operational in 2016, provided a mechanism to comply with data protection requirements when transferring personal data from the E.U. to the U.S. On July 16, 2020, the Court of Justice of the European Union invalidated the E.U.-U.S. Privacy Shield, and imposed new obligations on the use of standard contractual clauses SCCs - another key mechanism to allow data transfers between the U.S. and the E.U. The European Commission adopted revised SCCs on June 4, 2021. In March 2022, the U.S and the European Commission announced a new Transatlantic Data Privacy Framework DPF to replace the E.U.-U.S. Privacy Shield. On December 13, 2022, the European Commission issued an adequacy decision initiating the formal adoption process for the DPF. Further, the General Data Protection Regulation GDPR ), which became effective on May 25, 2018, gives consumers in the E.U. additional rights and imposes additional restrictions and penalties on companies for illegal collection and misuse of personal information. On February 10, 2021, the Council of the E.U. adopted final regulations regarding privacy and electronic communications that would complement the GDPR, including additional regulation of the Internet tracking tools known as cookies. The final regulations are subject to review by the European Parliament and European Commission, and may be enacted in 2023. Following the Brexit withdrawal of the U.K. from the E.U., on June 28, 2021, the European Commission determined that the U.K. s data protection laws essentially are equivalent to data protection laws in the European Economic Area. As a result, personal data transfers from the E.U. to the UK may continue without a new data transfer framework. California has enacted the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 CCPA ), which, among other things, allows California consumers to request that certain companies disclose the types of personal information collected by such companies. The CCPA became effective on January 1, 2020. The California Attorney General has issued regulations and guidance regarding the law. In November 2020, California voters approved the California Privacy Rights Act of 2020 CPRA ), which amends and expands the CCPA and establishes the California Privacy Protection Agency to implement and enforce consumer privacy laws. Most of the CPRA s provisions became effective on January 1, 2023. In addition, Virginia enacted the Consumer Data Protection Act in March 2021, which regulates the handling of personal data and became effective on January 1, 2023, and Colorado enacted a personal data protection law in July 2021, the Colorado Privacy Act, which takes effect on July 1, 2023. Utah and Connecticut also have enacted consumer privacy statutes. Other states in the U.S. are also separately proposing laws to regulate privacy and security of personal data. QVC s, CBI s and Zulily s failure, and/or the failure by the various third party vendors and service providers with which QVC, CBI and Zulily do business, to comply with applicable privacy policies or federal, state or similar international laws and regulations, or changes in applicable laws and regulations, or any compromise of security that results in the unauthorized release of personally identifiable information or other user data could damage QVC s, CBI s and Zulily s reputations and the reputation of their third party vendors and service providers, discourage potential users from trying their products and services and/or result in fines and/or proceedings by governmental agencies and/or consumers, any one or all of which could adversely affect QVC s, CBI s and Zulily s business, financial condition 
 I-30 

Table of Contents 
 and results of operations and, as a result, our Company. In addition, we, our subsidiaries or our business affiliates may not have adequate insurance coverage to compensate for losses. Our businesses may experience difficulty in the ongoing development, implementation and customer acceptance of applications for personal electronic devices, which could harm their business. Although our online commerce businesses have developed services and applications to address user and consumer interaction with website content on personal electronic devices, such as smartphones and tablets, the ways in which consumers use or rely on these personal electronic devices is continually changing. If the services or applications we develop in response to changes in consumer behavior are less effective or are not accepted by consumers, our online commerce businesses may experience difficulty attracting and retaining traffic and, in turn, advertisers, on these platforms. Any failure to attract and retain traffic on these personal electronic devices could materially adversely affect the financial performance of our online commerce businesses and, as a result, adversely affect our financial results. Additionally, as new devices and new platforms are continually being released, it is difficult to predict the challenges that may be encountered in developing versions of our online commerce businesses offerings for use on these alternative devices, and our online commerce businesses may need to devote significant resources to the creation, support, and maintenance of their services on such devices. To the extent that revenue generated from advertising placed on smartphone computing devices becomes increasingly more important to their businesses and they fail to adequately evolve and address this market, their business and financial performance could be negatively impacted. Our businesses are subject to cyber security risks, including security breaches and identity theft. Through their operations, sales, marketing activities, and use of third-party information, our businesses collect and store certain non-public personal information that customers provide to purchase products, enroll in promotional programs, register on websites, or otherwise communicate with them. This may include demographic information, phone numbers, driver license numbers, contact preferences, personal information stored on electronic devices, and payment information, including credit and debit card data. Our businesses also gather and retain information about employees and job applications in the normal course of business. Our businesses may share information about such persons with vendors, contractors and other third-parties that assist with certain aspects of their business. In addition, our businesses online operations depend upon the transmission of confidential information over the Internet, such as information permitting cashless payments. Like many e-commerce companies, we frequently encounter unauthorized parties attempting to gain access to our businesses or our businesses vendors systems by, among other things, hacking those systems, through fraud or other means of deceiving our businesses employees, partners or vendors, or burglaries. We also face cybersecurity risks from errors by our or our vendors employees, misappropriation of data by employees, vendors or unaffiliated third-parties, or other irregularities that may result in disruption of services or persons obtaining unauthorized access to our businesses data. As part of the response to the COVID-19 pandemic, our businesses have significantly increased the number of employees working remotely. This led to the introduction, in 2022, of a new flexible distributed workforce model which allows some of our businesses employees to have the option to work from home most of the time. As our businesses vendors and other business partners move to remote work as well, our businesses and our businesses partners may be more vulnerable to cyber attacks. The techniques used to gain access to our businesses or our businesses vendors information technology systems, our businesses data or customers data, disable or degrade service, or sabotage systems are constantly evolving, may be difficult to detect quickly, and often are not recognized until launched against a target. Increasingly, unauthorized parties are exploiting access they gain to third party vendors to target companies that do business with these vendors, which may include third party vendors with whom we do business. Our businesses have implemented measures and processes intended to secure their information technology systems and prevent disruptions in services or unauthorized access to or loss of sensitive data, but as with all companies, these security measures may not be sufficient for all eventualities and there is no guarantee that they will be adequate to safeguard against all cyber-attacks, system compromises or misuses of data. Although we have not detected a material security breach or cybersecurity incident to date, we have been the target of events of this nature and expect to be subject to similar attacks in the future. Any disruptions of our computer systems or misappropriation or misuse of customer, employee or other personal information, whether at our businesses or any of our businesses vendors, could cause interruptions in the operations of our businesses and subject them to increased costs, fines, litigation, regulatory actions and other liabilities. Security breaches could also significantly damage their reputation with their customers and third parties with whom they do business, which could result in lost sales and customer and vendor attrition. Our businesses continue to invest in new and emerging technology and other solutions to protect their retail commerce websites, mobile commerce applications and information systems, but there can be no assurance that these investments and solutions will prevent any of the risks described above. If our businesses are unable to maintain the security 
 I-31 

Table of Contents 
 of their retail commerce websites and mobile commerce applications, they could suffer loss of sales, reductions in traffic, diversion of management attention, and deterioration of their competitive position and incur liability for any damage to customers whose personal information is accessed without authorization. Our businesses may be required to expend significant additional capital and other resources to protect against and remedy any potential or existing security breaches and their consequences, such as additional infrastructure capacity spending to mitigate any system degradation and the reallocation of resources from development activities. Our businesses also face similar risks associated with security breaches affecting third parties with which they are affiliated or otherwise conduct business. The loss of confidence in our online commerce businesses resulting from any such security breaches or identity theft could adversely affect the business, financial condition and results of operations of our online commerce businesses and, as a result, our Company. Risks Related to Our Businesses Facilities and Third Party Suppliers and Vendors Our programming and online commerce businesses rely on distribution facilities to operate their business, and any damage to one of these facilities, or any disruptions caused by incorporating new facilities into their operations, could have a material adverse impact on their business. Our programming and online commerce businesses operate a limited number of distribution facilities worldwide. Their ability to meet the needs of their customers depends on the proper operation of these distribution facilities. If any of these distribution facilities were to shut down or otherwise become inoperable or inaccessible for any reason, these businesses could suffer a substantial loss of inventory and disruptions of deliveries to their customers. For example, any resurgence of COVID-19, or future pandemic or epidemic, in the areas where these distribution facilities are located, or if these businesses are unable to adequately staff the distribution facilities to meet demand in the future, or if the cost of such staffing is higher than historical or projected costs due to wage increases, labor shortages, regulatory changes, or other factors, could harm our operating results. In addition, they could incur significantly higher costs and longer lead times associated with the distribution of their products during the time it takes to reopen or replace the impacted facility. Any of the foregoing factors could result in decreased sales and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results. In addition, these businesses have been implementing new warehouse management systems to further support their efforts to operate with increased efficiency and flexibility. There are risks inherent in operating in new distribution environments and implementing new warehouse management systems, including operational difficulties that may arise with such transitions. Our businesses may experience shipping delays should there be any disruptions in their new warehouse management systems or warehouses themselves. In December 2021, QVC s distribution facility located in Rocky Mount, North Carolina suffered significant fire damage. Rocky Mount was QVC s second largest distribution facility and processed most of its returned merchandise. QVC does not plan to reopen the Rocky Mount facility. Instead, inbound deliveries have been diverted to other distribution facilities within QVC s distribution network and to third party logistic service providers. Additional disruptions or delays as a result of shifting capacity or failing to maintain arrangements with its third party logistic service providers could cause disruptions to QVC s order fulfillment process, causing delays in delivering product to customers which would result in lost sales, strain its relationships with customers, and cause harm to its reputation, any of which could have a material adverse impact on its business, financial condition and operating results. QVC maintains property and business interruption insurance coverage. As of the date of this report, QVC are still in the process of assessing the valuation of loss with its insurer to determine the recovery of certain fire related costs and damages in connection with the Rocky Mount fire. For the year ended December 31, 2021, QVC received an advance of 100 million from its insurance provider related to initial fire related costs. In 2022, QVC received an additional 280 million from its insurance provider. Our home television and online commerce businesses rely on independent shipping companies to deliver the products they sell. Our home television and online commerce businesses rely on third party carriers to deliver merchandise from vendors and manufacturers to them and to ship merchandise to their customers. As a result, they are subject to carrier disruptions and delays due to factors that are beyond their control, including employee strikes, labor shortages, inclement weather and regulation and enforcement actions by customs agencies. For example, as a result of COVID-19 many consumers significantly increased their use of ecommerce which resulted in a significant increase in the volume of packages handled by third-party carriers, including those our businesses rely on, which result in delayed merchandise and cause our businesses customers to experience delays in their order delivery. Any failure to deliver products to their customers in a timely and accurate manner may damage their reputation and brand and could cause them to lose customers. Enforcement actions by customs agencies can also cause the costs of imported goods to increase, negatively affecting 
 I-32 

Table of Contents 
 profits. These businesses are also impacted by increases in shipping rates charged by third party carriers, which over the past few years have increased significantly in comparison to historical levels, and it is currently expected that shipping and postal rates will continue to increase. In the case of deliveries to customers, in each market where they operate, they have negotiated agreements with one or more independent, third party shipping companies, which in certain circumstances provide for favorable shipping rates. If any of these relationships were to terminate or if a shipping company was unable to fulfill its obligations under its contract for any reason, these businesses would have to work with other shipping companies to deliver merchandise to customers, which would most likely be at less favorable rates. Other potential adverse consequences of changing carriers include reduced visibility of order status and package tracking, delays in order processing and product delivery, and reduced shipment quality, which may result in damaged products and customer dissatisfaction. Any increase in shipping rates and related fuel and other surcharges passed on to these businesses by their current carriers or any other shipping company would adversely impact profits, given that these businesses may not be able to pass these increased costs directly to customers or offset them by increasing prices without a detrimental effect on customer demand. Our programming and online commerce businesses depend on their relationships with third party suppliers and vendors and any adverse changes in these relationships could adversely affect our results of operations. An important component of the success of our programming and online commerce businesses is their ability to maintain their existing, as well as build new, relationships with a limited number of local and foreign suppliers, manufacturers and vendors, among other parties. There can be no assurance that our subsidiaries and business affiliates will be able to maintain their existing supplier or vendor arrangements on commercially reasonable terms or at all or, with respect to goods sourced from foreign markets, if the supply costs will remain stable. In addition, our subsidiaries and business affiliates cannot guarantee that goods produced and delivered by third parties will meet applicable quality standards, which is impacted by a number of factors, some of which are not within the control of these parties. Adverse changes in existing relationships or the inability to enter into new arrangements with these parties on favorable terms, if at all, could result in lost sales or cause a failure to meet customer expectations and timely delivery of products, which could in turn have a significant adverse effect on our results of operations. The unanticipated loss of certain larger vendors or the consolidation of our programming and online commerce businesses vendors could negatively impact their sales and profitability on a short term basis. It is possible that one or more of the larger vendors for our programming and online commerce businesses could experience financial difficulties, including bankruptcy, or otherwise could elect to cease doing business with our businesses. While these businesses have periodically experienced the loss of a major vendor, if multiple major vendors ceased doing business with these businesses, or did not perform consistently with past practice, this could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and operating results. Further, there has been a trend among these vendors towards consolidation in recent years that may continue. This consolidation could exacerbate the foregoing risks and increase these vendors bargaining power and their ability to demand terms that are less favorable to our businesses. Risks Related to the Seasonality of Our Business Certain of our businesses face significant inventory risk. Certain of our businesses are exposed to significant inventory risks that may adversely affect their operating results as a result of seasonality, new product launches, rapid changes in product cycles and pricing, defective merchandise, changes in consumer demand, consumer spending patterns, changes in consumer tastes with respect to their products, spoilage, and other factors. For example, there is significant uncertainty over potential changes in consumer behavior and shopping patterns as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, or any resurgence of COVID-19, or a future pandemic or epidemic. These businesses endeavor to accurately predict these trends and avoid overstocking or understocking products they sell. Demand for products, however, can change significantly between the time inventory or components are ordered and the date of sale. In addition, when these businesses begin selling a new product, it may be difficult to establish vendor relationships, determine appropriate product or component selection, and accurately forecast demand. The acquisition of certain types of inventory or components may require significant lead-time and prepayment and they may not be returnable. These businesses carry a broad selection and significant inventory levels of certain products, such as consumer electronics, and at times they may be unable to sell products in sufficient quantities or to meet demand during the relevant selling seasons. Any one of the inventory risk factors set forth above may adversely affect their operating results. 
 I-33 

Table of Contents 
 The seasonality of certain of our businesses places increased strain on their operations. The net revenue of our home television and online commerce businesses in recent years indicates that these businesses are seasonal due to a higher volume of sales in certain months or calendar quarters or related to particular holiday shopping. For example, in recent years, QVC has earned, on average, between 21 and 24 of its global revenue in each of the first three quarters of the year and between 30 and 32 of its global revenue in the fourth quarter of the year. Similarly, our subsidiary CBI experiences higher sales volume during the second and fourth quarters of the year. Our subsidiary Zulily experiences a stronger fourth quarter due to the holiday shopping season. If the vendors for these businesses are not able to provide popular products in sufficient amounts (for example, due to the loss of inventory, illness or absenteeism of our businesses or our businesses vendors workforces, impaired financial conditions, public health crises (such as pandemics and epidemics) or other reasons) such that these businesses fail to meet customer demand, it could significantly affect their revenue and future growth. The supply of products may not return to pre-COVID-19 levels, or become available at different times, and our efforts to ensure popular products are in stock may not be successful. If too many customers access the websites of these businesses within a short period of time due to increased demand, our businesses may experience system interruptions that make their websites unavailable or prevent them from efficiently fulfilling orders, which may reduce the volume of goods they offer or sell and the attractiveness of their products and services. In addition, they may be unable to adequately staff their fulfillment networks and customer service centers during these peak periods and delivery and other third party shipping (or carrier) companies may be unable to meet the seasonal demand. Risks described elsewhere in this Part I, Item 1A relating to fulfillment network optimization and inventory are magnified during periods of high demand. To the extent these businesses pay for holiday merchandise in advance of certain holidays (e.g., in the case of QVC, in August through November of each year), their available cash may decrease, resulting in less liquidity. QVC has limited availability under its revolving credit facility (as discussed in note 6 of the accompanying consolidated financial statements) (the Credit Facility and may not be able to access financing to the extent its cash balance is impaired. QVC may be unable to maintain a level of cash sufficient to permit it to pay the principal, premium, if any, and interest on its indebtedness. Risks Related to Management and Key Personnel The success of our home television and online commerce businesses depends in large part on their ability to recruit and retain key personnel capable of executing their unique business models. Our home television and online commerce subsidiaries and business affiliates have business models that require them to recruit and retain key employees, including management, with the skills necessary for a unique business that demands knowledge of the general retail industry, television production, direct to consumer marketing and fulfillment and the Internet. We cannot assure you that if these subsidiaries and business affiliates experience turnover of these key employees they will be able to recruit and retain acceptable replacements because the market for such employees is very competitive and limited. We have overlapping directors and officers with LMC, TripAdvisor Holdings, Liberty Broadband, and following LMC s proposed split-off of its subsidiary Atlanta Braves Holdings, Inc. ABH ), is expected to have overlapping directors and officers with ABH, which may lead to conflicting interests. As a result of certain transactions that occurred between 2011 and 2014 that resulted in the separate corporate existence of our Company, LMC, TripAdvisor Holdings and Liberty Broadband as well as LMC s proposed split-off of ABH, most of the executive officers of Qurate Retail also serve (or will serve, in the case of ABH) as executive officers of LMC, TripAdvisor Holdings, Liberty Broadband and ABH and there are overlapping directors. None of the foregoing companies has any ownership interest in any of the others (other than LMC s current ownership of ABH pending the completion of the proposed split-off of ABH and related transactions). Our executive officers and the members of our Company s board of directors have fiduciary duties to our stockholders. Likewise, any such persons who serve in similar capacities at LMC, TripAdvisor Holdings, or Liberty Broadband (or who will serve in similar capacities at ABH) or any other public company have fiduciary duties to that company s stockholders. Therefore, such persons may have conflicts of interest or the appearance of conflicts of interest with respect to matters involving or affecting more than one of the companies to which they owe fiduciary duties. For example, there may be the potential for a conflict of interest when our Company, LMC, TripAdvisor Holdings, or Liberty Broadband (or following the proposed split-off ABH) looks at acquisitions and other corporate opportunities that may be suitable for each of them. Moreover, most of our Company s directors and officers own or will own LMC, TripAdvisor Holdings, Liberty Broadband and/or ABH stock and equity awards. These ownership interests could create, or appear to create, potential conflicts of interest when the applicable individuals are faced with decisions that could have different implications for our Company, LMC, TripAdvisor Holdings, Liberty Broadband and/or ABH. Any potential conflict that 
 I-34 

Table of Contents 
 qualifies as a related party transaction (as defined in Item 404 of Regulation S-K under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended) is subject to review by an independent committee of the applicable issuer s board of directors in accordance with its corporate governance guidelines. Each of Liberty Broadband and TripAdvisor Holdings has renounced its rights to certain business opportunities and their respective restated certificate of incorporation contains provisions deeming directors and officers not in breach of their fiduciary duties in certain cases for directing a corporate opportunity to another person or entity (including LMC, TripAdvisor Holdings, Liberty Broadband and ABH, as the case may be) instead of the respective company. In addition, we understand that ABH is expected to adopt similar renouncement and waiver provisions in its restated articles of incorporation in connection with its proposed split-off from LMC Any other potential conflicts that arise will be addressed on a case-by-case basis, keeping in mind the applicable fiduciary duties owed by the executive officers and directors of each issuer. From time to time, we may enter into transactions with LMC, TripAdvisor Holdings, Liberty Broadband or ABH and/or their subsidiaries or other affiliates. There can be no assurance that the terms of any such transactions will be as favorable to our Company, LMC, TripAdvisor Holdings, Liberty Broadband or ABH or any of their respective subsidiaries or affiliates as would be the case where there is no overlapping officer or director. Risks Related to Economic Conditions Certain of our subsidiaries and business affiliates have operations outside of the U.S. that are subject to numerous operational and financial risks. Certain of our subsidiaries and business affiliates have operations in countries other than the U.S. that are subject to the following risks inherent in international operations: fluctuations in currency exchange rates; longer payment cycles for sales in foreign countries that may increase the uncertainty associated with recoverable accounts; recessionary conditions and economic instability, including fiscal policies that are implementing austerity measures in certain countries, which are affecting overseas markets; inflationary pressures, such as those the market is currently experiencing, which may increase the costs of the products our businesses sell, as well as the shipping and delivery of these products; limited ability to repatriate funds to the U.S. at favorable tax rates; potentially adverse tax consequences; export and import restrictions, changes in tariffs, trade policies and trade relations; disruptions to international shipping and supply chains; increases in taxes and governmental royalties and fees; the ability to obtain and maintain required licenses or certifications, such as for web services and electronic devices, that enable us to operate our businesses in foreign jurisdictions; changes in foreign and U.S. laws, regulations and policies that govern operations of foreign-based companies; changes to general consumer protection laws and regulations; difficulties in staffing and managing international operations as a result of distance, language and cultural differences; and threatened and actual terrorist attacks, political unrest in international markets and ongoing military action around the world that may result in disruptions of service that are critical to QVC s international businesses. 
 Moreover, in many foreign countries, particularly in certain developing economies, it is not uncommon to encounter business practices that are prohibited by certain regulations, such as the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and similar laws. Although certain of our subsidiaries and business affiliates have undertaken compliance efforts with respect to these laws, their respective employees, contractors and agents, as well as those companies to which they outsource certain of their business operations, may take actions in violation of their policies and procedures. Any such violation, even if prohibited by the policies and procedures of these subsidiaries and business affiliates or the law, could have certain adverse effects on the financial condition of these subsidiaries and business affiliates. Any failure by these subsidiaries and business affiliates to effectively manage the challenges associated with the international operation of their businesses could materially adversely affect their, and hence our, financial condition. 
 I-35 

Table of Contents 
 Although certain of our subsidiaries and business affiliates have undertaken compliance efforts with respect to these laws, their respective employees, contractors and agents, as well as those companies to which they outsource certain of their business operations, may take actions in violation of their policies and procedures. Any such violation, even if prohibited by the policies and procedures of these subsidiaries and business affiliates or the law, could have certain adverse effects on the financial condition of these subsidiaries and business affiliates. Any failure by these subsidiaries and business affiliates to effectively manage the challenges associated with the international operation of their businesses could materially adversely affect their, and hence our, financial condition. Weak and uncertain economic conditions worldwide may reduce consumer demand for our businesses products and services. Prolonged economic uncertainty in various regions of the world in which our subsidiaries and business affiliates operate could adversely affect demand for our businesses products and services since a substantial portion of our businesses revenue is derived from discretionary spending by individuals, which typically falls during times of inflation, recession and economic instability. Global financial markets may experience disruptions, including increased volatility and diminished liquidity and credit availability. If economic and financial market conditions in the U.S. or other key markets, including China, Japan and Europe deteriorate, customers of our subsidiaries and business affiliates may respond by suspending, delaying, or reducing their discretionary spending. A suspension, delay or reduction in discretionary spending could adversely affect our revenue. Accordingly, our ability to increase or maintain revenue and earnings could be adversely affected to the extent that relevant economic environments decline. We currently are unable to predict the extent of any of these potential adverse effects. Additionally, there is ongoing uncertainty and potential economic disruptions relating to the U.K. s withdrawal from the E.U. Brexit ), including the risk of additional regulatory and other costs and challenges or limitations on our ability to sell particular products. In particular, our businesses could be negatively affected by new trade agreements between the U.K. and other countries, including the U.S., and by the possible imposition of trade or other regulatory barriers, including the imposition of tariffs, in the U.K. which could result in shipping delays and shortages, or increased costs of products sold by our businesses. Additionally, the U.K. economy and consumer demand in the U.K., including for our products, could be negatively impacted. Further, if other member states where we have operations propose referendums to, or elect to, exit the E.U. there could be additional negative impacts on our businesses, which may affect our operating results. Increases in market interest rates could increase our operating costs and decrease consumer demand, which may adversely affect our businesses. Interest rates rose substantially in 2022 and may continue to rise. Increases in interest rates could increase our operating costs by increasing the cost of shipping, materials for our products, and/or labor. If competitive pressures or other economic factors prevent us from offsetting such increased costs by raising prices, our ability to increase or maintain revenue may be negatively impacted. In addition, an increase in interest rates could reduce consumer confidence, discretionary spending by individuals and adversely affect market demand for our products, which could materially adversely affect our businesses, financial condition and results of operations. Significant developments stemming from U.S. and international trade policy with China, including in response to forced labor and human rights abuses in China, may adversely impact our businesses and operating results. Decisions by the Biden Administration confirm continuity of a bipartisan consensus in the U.S. government favoring increased confrontation of China in trade practices and economic matters, national security and human rights. The imposition of any new U.S. tariffs on Chinese imports or the taking of other actions against China in the future, and any responses by China, could impair our businesses ability to meet customer demand and could result in lost sales or an increase in our businesses cost of merchandise, which would have a material adverse impact on our businesses and results of operations. Recently there have been heightened tensions in relations between Western nations and China. The U.S. government has made statements and taken certain actions that have led to changes to U.S. trade policies towards China. For example, on December 23, 2021, President Biden signed the Uyghur Forced Labor Prevention Act (the UFLPA into law, which is intended to address the use of forced labor in China s Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region XUAR ). Among other things, the UFLPA imposes a presumptive ban on the import of goods to the United States that are made, wholly or in part, in the XUAR or by persons that participate in certain programs in the XUAR that entail the use of forced labor. The UFLPA took effect on June 21, 2022, and may increase the risk of delay of goods and inventory shortages. Additionally, the U.S. Customs and Border Protection CBP issued a region-wide withhold release order WRO ), effective January 13, 2021, pursuant to which the CBP will detain cotton products produced in the XUAR. The WRO applies to, among 
 I-36 

Table of Contents 
 other things, cotton grown in the XUAR and to all products made in whole or in part using such cotton, regardless of where the downstream products are produced, and importers are responsible for ensuring the products they are attempting to import do not exploit forced labor at any point in their supply chain, including the production or harvesting of the raw material. As a result of the WRO, products imported into the U.S. could be held by the CBP based on a suspicion that they originated from the XUAR or that they may have been produced by Chinese suppliers accused of participating in forced labor, pending the importer providing satisfactory evidence to the contrary. Such process could result in a delay or complete inability to import such goods, which could result in inventory shortages and lost sales. Additionally, the United States Treasury Department placed sanctions on China s Xinjiang Production and Construction Corporation XPCC for serious human rights abuses against ethnic minorities in the XUAR. The XUAR is the source of large amounts of cotton and textiles for the global apparel supply chain and XPCC controls many of the cotton farms and much of the textile industry in the region. Although our businesses do not knowingly do business with XPCC, our businesses could be subject to penalties, fines or sanctions if any of the vendors from which they purchase goods is found to have dealings, directly or indirectly with XPCC or entities it controls. Even if our businesses were not subject to penalties, fines or sanctions, if products we source are linked in any way to XPCC, our businesses reputations could be damaged. Other countries and jurisdictions have issued or may be considering similar measures. For example, on January 12, 2021, the Foreign Secretary of the U.K. announced a package of measures to help ensure that British organizations, whether public or private sector, are not complicit in, nor profiting from, the human rights violations in XUAR. On September 14, 2022, the European Commission issued its legislative proposal to ban the marketing of goods made with forced labor. As drafted, the new rules would apply to both imported goods and goods made in the E.U. The full potential impact to us of the UFPLA and similar potential legislations in other countries and jurisdictions remains uncertain and could have an adverse effect on our business and results of operations. Our businesses may incur expenses for the review pertaining to these matters and the cost of remediation and other changes to products, processes or sources of supply as a consequence of such verification activities. In the event of a significant disruption or unavailability in the supply of the fabrics or raw materials used by our vendors in the manufacture of our products, our businesses vendors might not be able to locate alternative suppliers of materials of comparable quality at an acceptable price. In addition, prices of purchased finished products also depend on wage rates in the regions where our businesses vendors contract manufacturers are located, as well as freight costs from those regions. Fluctuations in wage rates required by legal or industry standards could increase our businesses costs. Increases in raw material costs or wage rates, unless sufficiently offset by our pricing actions, may cause a decrease in our businesses profitability and negatively impact our businesses sales volume. Risks Related to Our Indebtedness and Common Stock Our subsidiary QVC has significant indebtedness, which could limit its flexibility to respond to current market conditions, restrict its business activities and adversely affect its financial condition. As of December 31, 2022, QVC had total secured debt, other than its finance lease obligations, consisting of 3,912 million of secured indebtedness under its existing notes and 1,057 million secured indebtedness under the Credit Facility, in each case, secured by a first priority lien on all shares of its capital stock. There was 2.15 billion of unused capacity under the Credit Facility. In addition, QVC had 4 million of finance lease obligations and 412 million of operating lease liabilities. QVC may incur significant additional indebtedness in the future. If new indebtedness is added to QVC s current debt levels, the related risks that it now faces could intensify. The indebtedness of QVC, combined with other financial obligations and contractual commitments, could among other things: increase QVC s vulnerability to general adverse economic and industry conditions; require a substantial portion of QVC s cash flow from operations to be dedicated to the payment of principal and interest on its indebtedness; limit QVC s ability to use cash flow or obtain additional financing for future working capital, capital expenditures or other general corporate purposes, which reduces the funds available to it for operations and any future business opportunities; limit flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in its business and the markets in which it operates; competitively disadvantage QVC compared with competitors that have less debt; 
 I-37 

Table of Contents 
 limit QVC s ability to borrow additional funds or to borrow funds at rates or on other terms that it finds acceptable; and expose QVC to the risk of increased interest rates because certain of QVC s borrowings, including borrowings under the Credit Facility, are at variable interest rates. Limitations imposed as a part of the debt, such as the availability of credit and the existence of restrictive covenants may, among other things: make it difficult for QVC to satisfy its financial obligations, including making scheduled principal and interest payments on the notes and its other indebtedness; restrict QVC from making strategic acquisitions or cause it to make non-strategic divestitures; limit QVC s ability to borrow additional funds for working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions or other general business purposes on satisfactory terms or at all; limit QVC s flexibility to plan for, or react to, changes in its business and industry; place QVC at a competitive disadvantage compared to its less leveraged competitors; and limit its ability to respond to business opportunities. 
 If QVC experiences adverse effects on its financial condition as a result of their indebtedness, our financial performance could be adversely affected as well. QVC may need to refinance its indebtedness. Although QVC expects to refinance or otherwise repay its indebtedness, it may not be able to refinance its indebtedness on commercially reasonable terms or at all. The financial terms or covenants of any new credit facility, notes or other indebtedness may not be as favorable as those under the Credit Facility and its existing notes. QVC s ability to complete a refinancing of the Credit Facility and its existing notes prior to their respective maturities will depend on its financial and operating performance, its credit rating with rating agencies, as well as a number of conditions beyond its control. For example, if disruptions in the financial markets were to exist at the time that it intended to refinance this indebtedness, it might be restricted in its ability to access the financial markets. If QVC is unable to refinance its indebtedness, its alternatives would include negotiating an extension of the maturities of the Credit Facility and its existing notes with the lenders and holders, respectively, and seeking or raising new equity capital. If QVC were unsuccessful, the lenders under the Credit Facility and the holders of its existing notes could demand repayment of the indebtedness owed to them on the relevant maturity date, which could adversely affect its and our financial condition. Covenants in QVC s debt agreements could restrict its business in many ways. The Credit Facility and the indentures governing its notes contain various covenants that limit its ability and/or its restricted subsidiaries ability to, among other things: incur or assume liens or additional debt or provide guarantees in respect of obligations of other persons; pay dividends or make distributions or redeem or repurchase capital stock; prepay, redeem or repurchase debt; make loans, investments and capital expenditures; enter into agreements that restrict distributions from its subsidiaries; sell assets and capital stock of its subsidiaries; enter into sale and leaseback transactions; enter into certain transactions with affiliates; consolidate or merge with or into, or sell substantially all of its assets to, another person; and designate its subsidiaries as unrestricted subsidiaries. 
 In addition, the Credit Facility requires QVC to maintain a specified leverage ratio. QVC s ability to meet this leverage ratio test can be affected by events beyond its control, and it may be unable to meet that test. A breach of any of these covenants could result in a default under the Credit Facility, which in turn could result in a default under the indentures governing its notes. Upon the occurrence of an event of default under the Credit Facility, the lenders could elect to declare all amounts outstanding under the Credit Facility to be immediately due and payable and terminate all commitments to extend further credit. If QVC were unable to repay those amounts, the lenders could proceed against the 
 I-38 

Table of Contents 
 collateral granted to them to secure that indebtedness. The Credit Facility and its notes are, and certain future indebtedness may be, secured by a first priority perfected lien in all shares of its capital stock. If the lenders and counterparties under the Credit Facility, its notes and certain future indebtedness accelerate the repayment of obligations, it may not have sufficient assets to repay such obligations. QVC s borrowings under the Credit Facility are, and are expected to continue to be, at variable rates of interest and expose it to interest rate risk. If interest rates increase, QVC s debt service obligations on the variable rate indebtedness will also increase even though the amount borrowed remains the same, and QVC s net income decreases. In addition, QVC may hedge against interest rate fluctuations by using hedging instruments such as swaps, caps, options, forwards, futures or other similar products. These instruments may be used to selectively manage risks, but there can be no assurance that QVC will be fully protected against material interest rate fluctuations. In addition, QVC s bond indentures limit its ability to pay dividends or make other restricted payments if QVC is in default on its senior secured notes or its consolidated leverage ratio is greater than 3.5 to 1.0. In addition, the Credit Facility limits its ability to pay dividends or make other restricted payments if it is in default on the Credit Facility and its consolidated net leverage ratio is greater than 4.0 to 1.0. While QVC s bond indentures and the Credit Facility credit agreement both allow for unlimited dividends to service our debt so long as there is no default (i.e., no leverage test is needed), QVC will remain limited in its ability to distribute cash to us for other purposes. As of December 31, 2022, QVC s leverage ratio (as calculated under its senior secured notes) was greater than 3.5 to 1.0 and as a result there are restrictions on QVC s ability to pay certain dividends or make other restricted payments to us. Consequently, until QVC s leverage ratio under its senior secured notes is not greater than 3.5 to 1.0, we will not be able to rely on QVC s cash flow for certain purposes (including to fund acquisitions or our other operational requirements), other than the service of our debt or to pay certain tax obligations related to QVC and its subsidiaries (which payments may be made by QVC to us under an intercompany tax sharing agreement in respect of certain tax obligations of QVC and its subsidiaries). While QVC has made significant distributions to us in the past, QVC will be unable to do so in the near term and we may need to obtain other funding sources for certain purposes other than to service our debt or to pay certain tax obligations related to QVC and its subsidiaries. There can be no assurance that we will be able to obtain such alternative funding sources on satisfactory terms or at all. QVC may be adversely affected by the discontinuance of the London Inter-Bank Offered Rate and the transition to alternative reference rates. QVC s borrowings under the Credit Facility carry a variable interest rate based on London Inter-bank Offered Rate LIBOR as a benchmark for establishing the rate of interest. LIBOR is the subject of national, international and other regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. In 2017, the United Kingdom s Financial Conduct Authority (the FCA ), which regulates LIBOR, announced that it intends to phase out LIBOR. On March 5, 2021, the FCA announced that all LIBOR settings will either cease to be provided by any administrator or no longer be representative: (a) immediately after December 31, 2021, in the case of the one week and two month U.S. Dollar settings; and (b) immediately after June 30, 2023, in the case of the remaining U.S. Dollar settings. The United States Federal Reserve has also advised banks to cease entering into new contracts that use U.S. Dollar LIBOR as a reference rate. The Alternative Reference Rate Committee, a committee convened by the Federal Reserve that includes major market participants, has identified the Secured Overnight Financing Rate, or SOFR, an index calculated by short-term repurchase agreements, backed by Treasury securities, as its preferred alternative rate for LIBOR. Additionally, the Credit Facility provides for a transition to a SOFR based rate or to other alternative reference rates depending on acceptance in the market of these rates. At this time, it is not possible to predict how markets will respond to SOFR or other alternative reference rates as the transition away from the LIBOR benchmarks is anticipated in the coming year. Accordingly, the outcome of these reforms is uncertain and any changes in the methods by which LIBOR is determined or regulatory activity related to LIBOR s phase out could cause LIBOR to perform differently than in the past or cease to exist. The consequences of these developments cannot be entirely predicted, but could include an increase in the cost of QVC s borrowings under the Credit Facility. A substantial portion of our consolidated debt and other liabilities is held above the operating subsidiary level, and we could be unable in the future to obtain cash in amounts sufficient to service those liabilities and our other financial obligations. As of December 31, 2022, our wholly-owned subsidiary LI LLC had 1,906 million principal amount of publicly-traded debt outstanding. In addition, as of December 31, 2022, we had deferred tax liabilities of 970 million related to LI LLC s exchangeable debentures. LI LLC is a holding company for certain of our subsidiaries and investments, including QVC. Our ability to meet the financial obligations of LI LLC and our other financial obligations will depend on our ability to access cash. Our sources of cash include our available cash balances, net cash from operating 
 I-39 

Table of Contents 
 activities, dividends and interest from our investments, availability under credit facilities at the operating subsidiary level, monetization of our public investment portfolio and proceeds from asset sales. There are no assurances that we will maintain the amounts of cash, cash equivalents or marketable securities that we maintained over the past few years. The ability of our operating subsidiaries to pay dividends or to make other payments or advances to us or LI LLC depends on their individual operating results, any statutory, regulatory or contractual restrictions to which they may be or may become subject and the terms of their own indebtedness, including the Credit Facility and bond indentures. The agreements governing such indebtedness restrict sales of assets and prohibit or limit the payment of dividends or the making of distributions, loans or advances to stockholders and partners. Neither we nor LI LLC will generally receive cash, in the form of dividends, loans, advances or otherwise, from our business affiliates. See We do not have the right to manage our business affiliates, which means we are not able to cause those business affiliates to act in a manner that we deem desirable above. We have disposed of the reference shares underlying the exchangeable debentures of LI LLC, which exposes us to liquidity risk. LI LLC currently has outstanding multiple tranches of exchangeable debentures in the aggregate principal amount of 1,114 million as of December 31, 2022. Under the terms of these exchangeable debentures, the holders may elect to require LI LLC to exchange the debentures for the value of a specified number of the underlying reference shares, which LI LLC may honor through delivery of reference shares, cash or a combination thereof. Also, LI LLC is required to distribute to the holders of its exchangeable debentures any cash, securities (other than publicly traded securities, which would themselves become reference shares) or other payments made by the issuer of the reference shares in respect of those shares. The principal amount of the debentures will be reduced by the amount of any such required distributions other than regular cash dividends. LI LLC has disposed of the reference shares underlying these exchangeable debentures. For example, in connection with the transactions that resulted in our Company acquiring a controlling equity interest in GCI Liberty that was subsequently split-off (the Transactions ), our Company contributed its entire equity interest in Charter Communications, Inc. to GCI Liberty, which was subsequently acquired by Liberty Broadband. Shares of Charter serve as the underlying reference shares for the 1.75 Exchangeable Debentures. Pursuant to agreements entered into in connection with the Transactions and Liberty Broadband s acquisition of GCI Liberty, there is an indemnification obligation from Liberty Broadband to LI LLC for certain payments made to a holder of the 1.75 Exchangeable Debentures that pertains to the holder s ability to exercise its exchange right according to the terms of the 1.75 Exchangeable Debentures on or before October 5, 2023. However, we cannot give any assurance as to whether Liberty Broadband will fulfill its indemnification obligations pursuant to the indemnification agreement. As a result of LI LLC having disposed of these reference shares, any exercise of the exchange right by, or required distribution of cash, securities or other payments to, holders of such debentures will require that LI LLC fund the required payments from its own resources, which will depend on the availability of cash or other sources of liquidity to LI LLC at that time. Additionally, in the event all reference shares underlying a series of exchangeable debentures are liquidated or otherwise cease to be outstanding without replacement, there is a possibility that the treatment of tax matters associated with that series could change. This may include acceleration of tax liabilities that are recorded as deferred tax liabilities in our financial statements, in amounts that would be significant. Transactions in our common stock by our insiders could depress the market price of our common stock. Sales of or hedging transactions such as collars relating to our shares by John C. Malone, a director of our Company, Gregory B. Maffei, our Chairman of the Board, or David Rawlinson II, our Chief Executive Officer and President, or any of our other directors or executive officers could cause a perception in the marketplace that our stock price has peaked or that adverse events or trends have occurred or may be occurring at our Company. This perception can result notwithstanding any personal financial motivation for these insider transactions. As a result, insider transactions could depress the market price for shares of one or more series of our common stock. It may be difficult for a third party to acquire us, even if doing so may be beneficial to our stockholders. Certain provisions of our restated charter and bylaws may discourage, delay or prevent a change in control of our Company that a stockholder may consider favorable. These provisions include: authorizing a capital structure with multiple series of common stock, a Series B common stock that entitles the holders to ten votes per share, a Series A common stock that entitles the holder to one vote per share, 
 I-40 

Table of Contents 
 and a Series C common stock that except as otherwise required by applicable law, entitles the holder to no voting rights; classifying the Board of Directors with staggered three-year terms, which may lengthen the time required to gain control of the Board of Directors; limiting who may call special meetings of stockholders; prohibiting stockholder action by written consent, thereby requiring all stockholder actions to be taken at a meeting of the stockholders; establishing advance notice requirements for nominations of candidates for election to the Board of Directors or for proposing matters that can be acted upon by stockholders at stockholder meetings; requiring stockholder approval by holders of at least 66 2/3 of our aggregate voting power or the approval by at least 75 of the Board of Directors with respect to certain extraordinary matters, such as a merger or consolidation of our Company, a sale of all or substantially all of our assets or an amendment to our restated charter; and the existence of authorized and unissued stock, including blank check preferred stock, which could be issued by the Board of Directors to persons friendly to our then current management, thereby protecting the continuity of our management, or which could be used to dilute the stock ownership of persons seeking to obtain control of our Company. 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comment s None. Item 2. Properties We lease our corporate headquarters in Englewood, Colorado under a facilities agreement with LMC. All of our other real or personal property is owned or leased by our subsidiaries and business affiliates. QxH leases its corporate headquarters and operations center in West Chester, Pennsylvania which consists of office space and includes executive offices, video broadcast studios, showrooms, broadcast facilities and administrative offices. QxH owns a multi-functional building in St. Petersburg, Florida. QxH leases distribution centers in Suffolk, Virginia; Florence, South Carolina; Ontario, California; Bethlehem, Pennsylvania; and Piney Flats, Tennessee. QVC International owns contact centers in Bochum and Kassel, Germany; and Chiba-Shi, Japan. QVC International owns distribution centers in Chiba, Japan; and H ckelhoven, Germany. Additionally, QVC International owns multi-functional buildings in Knowsley, U.K.; Chiba, Japan; Brugherio, Italy; and Dusseldorf, Germany, and leases a multi-functional building in London, U.K. In November 2022, QVC entered into agreements to sell its H ckelhoven, Germany and Knowsley, United Kingdom properties. These properties are owned as of December 31, 2022, but considered held for sale and included in other assets, at cost, net of accumulated amortization in the accompanying consolidated balance sheet. Refer to note 7 in the accompanying notes to our consolidated financial statements for further details. On December 18, 2021, QxH experienced a fire at its Rocky Mount distribution center in North Carolina and as a result closed the facility. QVC leveraged its existing fulfillment centers and supplemented these facilities with short-term leased space as needed during 2022. QVC is currently evaluating long-term alternatives to alleviate the strain on its network caused by the loss of the Rocky Mount distribution center. Zulily leases its corporate headquarters in Seattle, Washington, and fulfillment centers in Lockbourne, Ohio and McCarran, Nevada. Zulily closed its fulfillment center in Bethlehem, Pennsylvania in 2022 and has sublet that property. Previously, Zulily closed its corporate offices in Gahanna, Ohio and corporate employees in Ohio work remotely. The Gahanna office lease expires in 2024. Zulily also leases corporate office space in Shenzhen, China. 
 I-41 

Table of Contents 
 CBI owns an office in Franconia, New Hampshire. CBI leases its fulfillment centers in Butler and Warren Counties in Ohio and as well as two facilities in Phoenix, Arizona. It also leases other properties consisting of administrative offices, 22 retail stores and outlets in various locations throughout the U.S. Our other subsidiaries and business affiliates own or lease the fixed assets necessary for the operation of their respective businesses, including office space, transponder space, headends, cable television and telecommunications distribution equipment and telecommunications switches. Item 3. Legal Proceedings None. Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures Not applicable. 
 I-42 

Table of Contents 
 PART II Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities . Market Information Each series of the common stock of Qurate Retail, Inc. Qurate Retail, the Company, we, us and our trades on the Nasdaq Global Select Market. Our Series A and Series B common stock trade on the Nasdaq Global Select Market, under the symbols QRTEA and QRTEB. Stock price information for securities traded on the Nasdaq Global Select Market can be found on the Nasdaq s website at www.nasdaq.com. The following table sets forth the range of high and low sales prices of shares of our Series B common stock for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. Although our Series B common stock is traded on the Nasdaq Global Select Market, an established public trading market does not exist for the stock, as it is not actively traded. 

Qurate Retail Series B (QRTEB) High Low 2021 First quarter 15.77 10.40 Second quarter 17.39 11.25 Third quarter 13.74 10.18 Fourth quarter 12.16 7.07 2022 First quarter 8.08 4.75 Second quarter 5.80 3.61 Third quarter 21.93 3.04 Fourth quarter 13.56 4.20 Holders As of January 31, 2023, there were 2,185 and 57 record holders of our Series A and Series B Qurate Retail common stock, respectively. The foregoing numbers of record holders do not include the number of stockholders whose shares are held nominally by banks, brokerage houses or other institutions, but include each such institution as one shareholder. Dividends On August 21, 2020, Qurate Retail announced that an authorized committee of the Company s board of directors (the Board of Directors had declared a special dividend (the Special Dividend on each outstanding share of its Series A and Series B common stock consisting of (i) cash in the amount of 1.50 per common share, for an aggregate cash dividend of approximately 626 million, and (ii) 0.03 shares of newly issued 8.0 Series A Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock, par value 0.01 per share (the Preferred Stock ), having an initial liquidation price of 100 per share of Preferred Stock, with cash paid in lieu of fractional shares. The distribution ratio for the Preferred Stock portion of the Special Dividend was equivalent to 3.00 in initial liquidation preference per common share, for an aggregate issuance of approximately 1.3 billion aggregate liquidation preference. The dividend was distributed on September 14, 2020 to holders of record of Qurate Retail s Series A and Series B common stock. Holders of the Preferred Stock are entitled to receive quarterly cash dividends at a fixed rate of 8.0 per year on a cumulative basis, beginning December 15, 2020 and thereafter on each of March 15, June 15, September 15 and December 15 during the term. The Preferred Stock is non-voting, except in limited circumstances as required by law, and subject to a mandatory redemption on March 15, 2031. On November 20, 2020, Qurate Retail announced that an authorized committee of its Board of Directors declared a special cash dividend in the amount of 1.50 per common share, for an aggregate dividend of approximately 625 million, 
 II-1 

Table of Contents 
 payable in cash on December 7, 2020 to stockholders of record of the Company s Series A and Series B common stock at the close of business on November 30, 2020. On November 4, 2021, Qurate Retail announced that its Board of Directors declared a special cash dividend in the amount of 1.25 per common share for an aggregate cash dividend of approximately 488 million based on shares outstanding as of October 31, 2021. The dividend was payable on November 22, 2021 to stockholders of record of Qurate Retail s Series A and Series B common stock as of the close of business on November 15, 2021. Aside from the above mentioned dividends, we have not paid any cash dividends on our common stock. Payment of cash dividends, if any, in the future will be determined by the Board of Directors in light of our earnings, financial condition and other relevant considerations. See Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operation Liquidity and Capital Resources. Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans Information required by this item is incorporated by reference to our definitive proxy statement for our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer Share Repurchase Programs In May 2019, the board authorized the repurchase of 500 million of Series A or Series B Qurate Retail common stock . In August 2021, the board authorized the repurchase of 500 million of Series A or Series B Qurate Retail common stock. There were no repurchases of Series A Qurate Retail common stock, Series B Qurate Retail common stock or Preferred Stock during the three months ended December 31, 2022. No shares of Series A Qurate Retail common stock and 18 shares of Preferred Stock were surrendered by certain of our officers and employees to pay withholding taxes and other deductions in connection with the vesting of their restricted stock during the three months ended December 31, 2022. Item 6. [Reserved] Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operation s The following discussion and analysis provides information concerning our results of operations and financial condition. This discussion should be read in conjunction with our accompanying consolidated financial statements and the notes thereto. Additionally, see note 2 in the accompanying consolidated financial statements for an overview of new accounting standards that we have adopted or that we plan to adopt that have had or may have an impact on our financial statements. Overview We own controlling and non-controlling interests in a broad range of video and online commerce companies. Our largest businesses and reportable segments are QxH (QVC U.S. and HSN) and QVC International. QVC, Inc. QVC ), which includes QxH and QVC International, markets and sells a wide variety of consumer products in the United States U.S. and several foreign countries via highly engaging video-rich, interactive shopping experiences. Cornerstone Brands, Inc. CBI consists of a portfolio of aspirational home and apparel brands, and is a reportable segment. Our Corporate and other category includes our consolidated subsidiary Zulily, LLC Zulily ), along with various cost and equity method investments. 
 II-2 

Table of Contents 
 The COVID-19 pandemic resulted in significant disruption to the global economy, has negatively impacted us and our operations, and is expected to continue to impact us and our operations in 2023. During the outbreak of COVID-19, the stay at home restrictions imposed in response to COVID-19 led many traditional brick-and-mortar retailers to temporarily close their stores but allowed distance retailers, such as QVC, to continue operating. As a result, QVC initially experienced an increase in new customers and an increase in demand for certain categories, such as home and electronics. However, as the stay-at-home restrictions were moderated, traditional brick-and-mortar retailers were allowed to reopen their stores and consumers were able to resume prepandemic shopping habits. Beginning in the second quarter of 2021, and continuing through the fourth quarter of 2022, QVC observed a decline in customers and a decline in demand for its products. Beginning in the second quarter of 2021, QVC saw increased product shortages as a result of high market demand in some product categories such as home and electronics. QVC also experienced escalating shipping disruptions due to challenges in the global supply chain and labor market. These factors caused extended lead time on inventory orders. As a result, the delayed receipt of inventory ordered in prior periods impacted QVC s ability to have the right products at the right time. These factors also impacted QVC s ability to offer certain goods and ship orders timely to its customers. Although these product shortages and supply chain disruptions have moderated, in the event of ongoing or heightened resurgences of COVID-19, including new variants in the future, or the occurrence of another pandemic or epidemic, QVC cannot be certain that it will be able to identify alternative sources for its products without delay or greater cost to QVC. In addition, there are several adverse indirect impacts of COVID-19 that have caused and could continue to cause a material negative impact to QVC s financial results, including its capital and liquidity. These include reduced demand for products it sells; decreases in the disposable income of existing and potential new customers; the impacts of inflation or recession; increased currency volatility resulting in adverse currency rate fluctuations; higher interest rates; higher unemployment; labor shortages; and an adverse impact to QVC s supply chain and shipping disruptions for both the products it imports and purchases domestically and the products it sells, including essential products experiencing higher demand, due to factory closures, labor shortages and other resource constraints. QVC has seen increasing inflationary pressures during the period, including higher wages, freight, and merchandise costs. If these pressures persist, inflated costs may result in certain increased costs continuing to outpace QVC s pricing power in the near term. On December 18, 2021, QVC experienced a fire at its Rocky Mount, Inc. distribution center in North Carolina. Rocky Mount was QVC s second-largest fulfillment center, processing approximately 25 to 30 of volume for QVC U.S., and also served as QVC U.S. s primary returns center for hard goods. The building was significantly damaged as a result of the fire and related smoke and will not reopen. QVC decided not to rebuild the facility, and entered into an agreement to sell the property which closed in February 2023. QVC took steps to mitigate disruption to operations including diverting inbound orders, leveraging its existing fulfillment centers and supplementing these facilities with short-term leased space as needed. QVC is currently evaluating long-term alternatives to alleviate the strain on its network caused by the loss of the Rocky Mount distribution center. Based on the provisions of QVC s insurance policies and discussions with insurance carriers, QVC determined that recovery of certain fire related costs was probable, and recorded an insurance receivable. For the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company recorded 250 million of fire related costs and estimated insurance recoveries of 229 million for which recovery was deemed probable. As of December 31, 2021, QVC received 100 million of insurance proceeds and had an insurance receivable of 129 million which was recorded in trade and other receivables, net of allowance for credit losses in the consolidated balance sheet. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recorded 157 million of fire related costs, including 95 million for the write-down of inventory that will not be reimbursed by QVC s insurance policies. The fire-related costs also include 59 million for which recovery was deemed probable and 3 million of costs that will not be reimbursed by QVC s insurance policies. For the year ended December 31, 2022, QVC received 280 million of insurance proceeds for inventory, fixed asset losses and other fire related costs and recorded a gain of 132 million in restructuring and fire related costs, net of (recoveries) in the consolidated statement of operations, representing the proceeds received in excess of cumulative losses recognized. The Company recorded an insurance receivable, net of advance proceeds received for other fire related costs for which recovery was deemed probable of 40 million in trade and other receivables, net of allowance for credit losses in the consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2022. 
 II-3 

Table of Contents 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, inventory write-downs related to Rocky Mount of 95 million were included in cost of goods sold. Due to the circumstances surrounding the write-downs of the inventory, these write-downs have been excluded from Adjusted OIBDA (as defined below). QVC submitted its business interruption claim with the insurance company and is still in the process of assessing the valuation of loss with its insurer; there can be no guarantee that all business interruption losses will be recovered. While QVC has taken steps to minimize the overall impact to the business, it experienced increased warehouse and logistics costs during the year ended December 31, 2022 and anticipates these increased warehouse and logistics costs to continue during 2023. In June 2022, QVC modified the finance lease for its distribution center in Ontario, California which reduced the term of the lease and removed QVC s ability to take ownership of the distribution center at the end of the lease term. QVC will make annual payments over the modified lease term. Since the lease was modified and removed QVC s ability to take ownership at the end of the lease term, the Company accounted for the modification similar to a sale and leaseback transaction, and as a result, QVC received net cash proceeds of 250 million and recognized a 240 million gain on the sale of the distribution center during the second quarter of 2022 calculated as the difference between the aggregate consideration received (including cash and forgiveness of the remaining financing obligation of 84 million) and the carrying value of the distribution center. The gain is included in gains on sale leaseback transactions in the consolidated statement of operations. The Company accounted for the modified lease as an operating lease and recorded a 37 million right-of-use asset and a 31 million operating lease liability, with the difference attributable to prepaid rent. In July 2022, QVC sold five owned and operated properties located in the U.S. to an independent third party and received net cash proceeds of 443 million. Concurrent with the sale, QVC entered into agreements to lease each of the properties back from the purchaser over an initial term of 20 years with the option to extend the terms of the property leases for up to four consecutive terms of five years. QVC recognized a 277 million gain related to the successful sale leaseback for the year ended December 31, 2022, calculated as the difference between the aggregate consideration received and the carrying value of the properties. The Company accounted for the leases as operating leases and recorded a 207 million right-of-use asset and a 205 million operating lease liability, with the difference attributable to initial direct costs. In November 2022, QVC entered into agreements to sell two properties located in Germany and the U.K. to an independent third party. Under the terms of the agreements, QVC received net cash proceeds of 102 million related to its German facility and 80 million related to its U.K. facility when the sale closed in January 2023. Concurrent with the sale, QVC entered into agreements to lease each of the properties back from the purchaser over an initial term of 20 years with the option to extend the terms of the property leases for up to four consecutive terms of five years. QVC expects to record a gain in the first quarter of 2023 related to the successful sale leaseback transaction . As of December 31, 2022, assets of 71 million primarily related to the Germany and U.K. properties were classified as held for sale, and included in other assets, at cost, net of accumulated amortization in the consolidated balance sheet, as the proceeds from the sale were used to repay a portion of the revolving credit facility (as discussed in note 6 of the accompanying consolidated financial statements) (the Credit Facility borrowings which were classified as noncurrent as of December 31, 2022. Qurate Retail classifies obligations as current when they are contractually required to be satisfied in the next twelve months. Strategies and Challenges Televised Shopping Businesses On June 27, 2022, Qurate Retail announced a five-point turnaround plan designed to stabilize and differentiate its core HSN and QVC U.S. brands and expand the Company s leadership in video streaming commerce Project Athens ). Project Athens main initiatives include: (i) improve customer experience and grow relationships; (ii) rigorously execute core processes; (iii) lower cost to serve; (iv) optimize the brand portfolio; and (v) build new high growth businesses anchored in strength. 
 II-4 

Table of Contents 
 Improve Customer Experience and Grow Relationships. Qurate Retail is focused on rebuilding stronger connections with their customers. In order to improve customer experience and grow relationships, Qurate Retail is working to optimize programming using advanced analytics to align product offerings, promotions and airtime with customer preferences. In addition, we expect to invest in infrastructure which will endeavor to improve the customer s order to delivery experience by increasing personalization, reducing shipping time and improving shipment tracking visibility. We expect to develop a customer loyalty program which will provide customers with a more personalized experience. Rigorously execute core processes. Qurate Retail is enhancing its core processes to deliver the human story telling experience behind a product while also sharing a clear and compelling value proposition. In order to rigorously execute core processes, Qurate Retail will optimize pricing and assortment by investing in Information Technology systems that will support real-time pricing and promotion adjustments at an item level. We will also focus on growing our private label brands to drive revenue and margin at productive scale. Lower cost to serve. Qurate Retail is right sizing its cost base to improve profitability and cash generation. In order to lower cost to serve, Qurate Retail will enhance review of spending to identify cost savings opportunities, including opportunities for workforce reduction. Additionally, we will improve product margin through market vendor efficiency and lower fulfillment costs through freight optimization and higher productivity. Optimize the brand portfolio. Qurate Retail is exploring untapped opportunities at Zulily and our Cornerstone brands. In order to optimize the brand portfolio at Zulily, we are building the foundation to achieve persistent everyday value for Mom while evaluating and identifying ways we can reduce costs. At Cornerstone we will continue to expand our retail footprint in addition to focusing on cross-brand promotions. Build new high growth businesses anchored in strength. Finally, Qurate Retail is focused on expanding in the video streaming shopping market. In order to build new high growth businesses anchored in strength, Qurate Retail expects to expand streaming viewership by improving the current streaming experience with enhanced video and navigation and seamless transactions. Additionally, we are shaping the future streaming experience with exclusive content, program and deal concepts. We are also building a next generation shopping app featuring vendors with self-made content. QVC s future net revenue will depend on its ability to grow through digital platforms, attract new customers and retain existing customers. QVC s future net revenue may also be affected by (i) the willingness of cable television and direct-to-home satellite system operators to continue carrying QVC s programming service; (ii) QVC s ability to maintain favorable channel positioning, which may become more difficult due to governmental action or from distributors converting analog customers to digital; (iii) changes in television viewing habits because of video-on-demand technologies and Internet video services; (iv) QVC s ability to source new and compelling products and (v) general economic conditions. The current economic uncertainty in various regions of the world in which our subsidiaries and affiliates operate could adversely affect demand for their products and services since a substantial portion of their revenue is derived from discretionary spending by individuals, which typically falls during times of economic instability. Global financial markets may experience disruptions, including increased volatility and diminished liquidity and credit availability. If economic and financial market conditions in the U.S. or other key markets, including Japan and Europe, continue to be uncertain or deteriorate, customers may respond by suspending, delaying, or reducing their discretionary spending. A suspension, delay or reduction in discretionary spending could adversely affect revenue. Accordingly, our businesses ability to increase or maintain revenue and earnings could be adversely affected to the extent that relevant economic environments decline. Such weak economic conditions may also inhibit QVC s expansion into new European and other markets. The Company is currently unable to predict the extent of any of these potential adverse effects. In executing against Project Athens during 2022, QVC took actions to reduce inventory and planned a workforce reduction. These initiatives are consistent with QVC s strategy to operate more efficiently as it implements its turnaround plan, and QVC expects to incur additional expenses related to Project Athens initiatives in future periods. QVC recorded restructuring charges of 24 million in restructuring and fire related costs, net of (recoveries) in the consolidated statement of operations during the year ended December 31, 2022, related to severance. In July 2020, QVC implemented a planned workforce reduction with the goal of making the organizational structure streamlined and more efficient. As a result, QVC 
 II-5 

Table of Contents 
 recorded 20 million of severance expense during the year ended December 31, 2020, which is recorded in selling, general and administrative expense. CBI. CBI s goal is to continue to provide customers with appealing home furnishings and apparel products that delight and inspire. As customers shop CBI s breadth of products through its websites, retail stores or through its catalog mailings; they will find products that allow them to outfit their lives and homes to their unique style. CBI s brands, including Ballard Designs, Frontgate, Grandin Road and Garnet Hill, provide a selection of fresh, unique and aspirational merchandise curated every season. CBI intends to employ the following strategies to achieve these goals and objectives: (i) acquire new customers through effective direct-to-consumer marketing; (ii) expand brick-and-mortar retail in attractive markets; (iii) further develop proprietary product that is unique to its brand positioning; (iv) invest in cross brand loyalty programs and a redesigned mobile platform and (v) build out a successful low cost supply chain network to support the growth of the business. CBI looks to leverage its sourcing network by leaning on its merchandising team for further proprietary product development. As CBI grows, continuing to identify a stable and reliable supplier base that can partner with its brand merchants to develop future collections and offering will be key to the long-term health and growth of the business. If CBI is not able to identify markets capable of manufacturing at a logistics cost structure that aids the brand desire for further proprietary product, it may lose customers to lower cost competitors who rely on trading houses for product. Even if CBI identifies new vendors, it may not be able to purchase desired merchandise in sufficient quantities or on acceptable terms in the future, and products from alternative sources, if any, may be of a lesser quality or more expensive than those from existing vendors. An inability to purchase suitable merchandise on acceptable terms or to source new vendors could have an adverse effect on CBI s business. As a direct-to-consumer company, CBI endeavors to effectively target consumers to drive acquisition, repeat buyers and reactivated purchasers. CBI uses a balance of retail stores and digital marketing to entice customers to shop its assortment. CBI must incur costs related to its marketing efforts, including but not limited to, photography, digital analytics, paper purchases, catalog print relationships, and real estate development. As CBI grows, there will be challenges to market in a way that enables further consumer purchase expansion at a cost that continues to return value back to the business. 
 II-6 

Table of Contents 
 Results of Operations Consolidated General. We provide in the tables below information regarding our Consolidated Operating Results and Other Income and Expense, as well as information regarding the contribution to those items from our principal reportable segments. The Corporate and other category consists of our consolidated subsidiary Zulily, along with various cost and equity method investments. For a more detailed discussion and analysis of the financial results of the principal reporting segments, see Results of Operations - Businesses below. Operating Results 

Years ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 amounts in millions Revenue QxH 7,359 8,277 8,505 QVC International 2,528 3,077 2,967 CBI 1,313 1,238 1,070 Corporate and other 906 1,453 1,636 Inter-segment eliminations (1) (1) Consolidated Qurate Retail 12,106 14,044 14,177 Operating Income (Loss) QxH (1,820) 1,018 1,128 QVC International 306 489 439 CBI 48 108 64 Corporate and other (575) (528) (59) Consolidated Qurate Retail (2,041) 1,087 1,572 Adjusted OIBDA QxH 750 1,439 1,547 QVC International 358 562 510 CBI 78 137 94 Corporate and other (122) (58) 47 Consolidated Qurate Retail 1,064 2,080 2,198 Revenue. Our consolidated revenue decreased 13.8 and 0.9 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, as compared to the corresponding prior year periods. QxH and QVC International revenue decreased 918 million and 549 million, respectively, and CBI revenue increased 75 million, during the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to the same period in the prior year. See Results of Operations - Businesses below for a more complete discussion of the results of operations of QVC and CBI. Corporate and other revenue decreased 547 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to the corresponding period in the prior year, as a result of a decrease in revenue at Zulily due to a 44 decrease in total units shipped primarily attributable to a 40 decrease in active customers, driven by product scarcity and higher advertising costs in certain channels and lower marketing spend. This decrease was partially offset by a 12.9 increase in average selling price ASP ). QxH, QVC International and CBI revenue decreased 228 million, increased 110 million, and increased 168 million, respectively, during the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to the same period in the prior year. See Results of Operations - Businesses below for a more complete discussion of the results of operations of QVC and CBI. Corporate and other revenue decreased 183 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, as compared to the corresponding prior year period due to a reduction in revenue at Zulily related to a 15.3 decrease in total units shipped resulting from an 
 II-7 

Table of Contents 
 18.1 decrease in active customers, predominately driven by product scarcity, higher ad costs in online channels, and reduction in marketing spend, partially offset by a 5.8 increase in ASP primarily to offset shipping costs. Operating income (loss). Our consolidated operating income decreased 3,128 million and 485 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, as compared to the corresponding prior year periods. The decrease for the year ended December 31, 2022 was primarily due to impairments recognized at the QxH and Zulily reporting units and a decline in operating results, partially offset by gains on the sales of fixed assets. QxH, QVC International and CBI operating income decreased 2,838 million, 183 million, and 60 million, respectively, for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to the same period in the prior year. See Results of Operations - Businesses below for a more complete discussion of the results of operations of QVC and CBI. Operating income for Corporate and other declined 47 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to the corresponding period in the prior year, due to a decline in operating income at Zulily related to a reduction in total demand and higher product costs which were partially offset by lower marketing, salaries and benefits expenses, partially offset by fewer expenses at the corporate level. QxH, QVC International and CBI operating income decreased 110 million, increased 50 million, and increased 44 million, respectively, for the year ended December 31, 2021, as compared to the corresponding prior year period. See Results of Operations - Businesses below for a more complete discussion of the results of operations of QVC and CBI. Operating income for Corporate and other declined 469 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, as compared to the corresponding prior year period, primarily due to the impairment of intangible assets at Zulily during the fourth quarter of 2021. Adjusted Operating Income Before Depreciation and Amortization OIBDA ). To provide investors with additional information regarding our financial results, we also disclose Adjusted OIBDA, which is a non-GAAP financial measure. We define Adjusted OIBDA as operating income (loss) plus depreciation and amortization, stock-based compensation, and where applicable, separately identified impairments, litigation settlements, restructuring, acquisition-related costs, fire related costs, net (including Rocky Mount inventory losses), and gains on sale leaseback transactions . Our chief operating decision maker and management team use this measure of performance in conjunction with other measures to evaluate our businesses and make decisions about allocating resources among our businesses. We believe this is an important indicator of the operational strength and performance of our businesses by identifying those items that are not directly a reflection of each business performance or indicative of ongoing business trends. In addition, this measure allows us to view operating results, perform analytical comparisons and benchmarking between businesses and identify strategies to improve performance. Adjusted OIBDA should be considered in addition to, but not as a substitute for, operating income, net income, cash flows provided by operating activities and other measures of financial performance prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles GAAP ). The following table provides a reconciliation of Operating income (loss) to Adjusted OIBDA. 

Years ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 amounts in millions Operating income (loss) (2,041) 1,087 1,572 Depreciation and amortization 481 537 562 Stock-based compensation 60 72 64 Restructuring and fire related costs, net of (recoveries) 3 21 Gains on sale leaseback transactions (520) Impairment of intangible assets 3,081 363 Adjusted OIBDA 1,064 2,080 2,198 Consolidated Adjusted OIBDA decreased 1,016 million and 118 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, as compared to the corresponding prior year periods. QxH, QVC International, and CBI Adjusted OIBDA decreased 689 million, 204 million, and 59 million and for the year ended December 31, 2022, respectively, as compared to the corresponding prior year period. See Results of 
 II-8 

Table of Contents 
 Operations - Businesses below for a more complete discussion of the results of operations of QVC and CBI. Corporate and other Adjusted OIBDA decreased 64 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to the corresponding period in the prior year due to a decline in Adjusted OIBDA at Zulily related to a reduction in total demand and higher product costs which were partially offset by lower marketing, salaries and benefits expenses, partially offset by fewer expenses at the corporate level. QxH, QVC International, and CBI Adjusted OIBDA decreased 108 million, and increased 52 million and 43 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, respectively, as compared to corresponding prior year period. See Results of Operations - Businesses below for a more complete discussion of the results of operations of QVC and CBI. Corporate and other Adjusted OIBDA decreased 105 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, as compared to the corresponding period in the prior year due to lower Adjusted OIBDA at Zulily due to lower revenue and higher selling, general and administrative SG A primarily due to sales deleverage. Other Income and Expense Components of Other Income (Expense) are presented in the table below. 

Years ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 amounts in millions Interest expense (456) (468) (408) Share of earnings (losses) of affiliate, net (1) (94) (156) Realized and unrealized gains (losses) on financial instruments, net 41 99 (110) Gains (losses) on transactions, net 10 224 Tax sharing income (expense) with Liberty Broadband 79 10 (39) Other, net 70 (6) (32) Other income (expense) (267) (449) (521) Interest expense. Interest expense decreased 12 million and increased 60 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, as compared to the corresponding prior year periods. The decrease for the year ended December 31, 2022 is due to lower outstanding debt throughout 2022, including finance lease obligations. The increase for the year ended December 31, 2021 is due to dividends declared and paid related to our Preferred Stock, recorded through interest expense . Share of earnings (losses) of affiliates. Share of losses of affiliates decreased 93 million and 62 million during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, as compared to the corresponding prior year periods. The decreased losses in both 2022 and 2021 are related to the Company s alternative energy entities that have either been sold or wound down as the federal tax credits expired. The alternative energy entities typically operated at a loss, and the Company recorded its share of such losses, but had favorable tax attributes and credits, which are recorded in the Company s tax accounts. 
 II-9 

Table of Contents 
 Realized and unrealized gains (losses) on financial instruments. Realized and unrealized gains (losses) on financial instruments are comprised of changes in the fair value of the following: Years ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 amounts in millions Equity securities 13 77 (1) Exchangeable senior debentures 310 (130) (277) Indemnification asset (273) (21) 143 Other financial instruments (9) 173 25 41 99 (110) The changes in these accounts are due primarily to market factors and changes in the fair value of the underlying stocks or financial instruments to which these relate. The decrease in the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to the corresponding prior year period was primarily due to an unrealized loss on the indemnification asset, an unrealized loss on derivative instruments compared to a gain in the prior year, and an unrealized loss related to equity securities, partially offset by unrealized gains on the Company s exchangeable senior debentures driven by less growth in stock prices of the securities underlying the debentures than the prior year. The increase from loss to gain for the year ended December 31, 2021 as compared to the corresponding prior year period was primarily driven by a decrease in unrealized losses on the Company s exchangeable senior debentures driven by less growth in stock prices of the securities underlying the debentures than the prior year, an increase in unrealized gains related to derivative instruments which were settled, and an increase from the unrealized gain related to equity securities, partially offset by an unrealized loss on the indemnification asset from a gain in 2020. Gains (losses) on transactions, net. Gains (losses) on transactions, net, decreased 10 million and 214 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, as compared to the corresponding prior year periods. The change in gains (losses) on transactions, net for the year ended December 31, 2021 is due to the sale of one of the Company s alternative energy investments during the third quarter of 2020, as compared to no other material transactions during 2021 or 2022. For the 2020 sale, t he Company received total cash consideration of 272 million and recorded a gain of 224 million on the sale of the alternative energy investment. Tax sharing income (expense) with Liberty Broadband. The Company has a tax sharing agreement with Liberty Broadband. As a result, the Company recognized tax sharing income of 79 million and 10 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and tax sharing expense of 39 million for the year ended December 31, 2020. Other, net. Other, net increased 76 million and 26 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, when compared to the corresponding prior year periods. The activity captured in Other, net is primarily attributable to gains (losses) on early extinguishment of debt, foreign exchange gains (losses) and interest income. The increase in Other, net for the year ended December 31, 2022 is primarily due to an increase in foreign currency exchange gains, the sale of warrants at QVC in the current year, and a gain on early extinguishment of debt in the current year . The increase in Other, net for the year ended December 31, 2021, as compared to the same period in the prior year, was a result of a decrease in loss on early extinguishment of debt, partially offset by an increase in foreign exchange losses. Income taxes. The Company had losses before income taxes of 2,308 million, and income before income taxes of 638 million and 1,051 million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. The Company had an income tax expense of 224 million, income tax expense of 217 million and an income tax benefit of 203 million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. For 2022, the most significant portion of the losses before income taxes relates to a goodwill impairment that is not deductible for tax purposes. In 2021 the effective tax rate was higher than the U.S. federal tax rate of 21 primarily due to foreign tax expense, state income tax expense, the impairment of goodwill that is not deductible for tax purposes, and non-deductible interest 
 II-10 

Table of Contents 
 expense related to preferred stock, partially offset by benefits from tax credits generated by our alternative energy investments. For the year ended December 31, 2020, the Company recorded an income tax benefit. The 2020 tax benefit was primarily driven by the impacts of a corporate realignment and tax credits generated by alternative energy investments. See note 8 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements for more information related to the corporate realignment. Net earnings (loss). We had net losses of 2,532 million, and net earnings 421 million and 1,254 million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The change in net earnings (loss) was the result of the above-described fluctuations in our revenue, expenses and other gains and losses. Liquidity and Capital Resources As of December 31, 2022 substantially all of our cash and cash equivalents are invested in U.S. Treasury securities, other government securities or government guaranteed funds, AAA rated money market funds and other highly rated financial and corporate debt instruments. The following are potential sources of liquidity: available cash balances, equity issuances, dividend and interest receipts, proceeds from asset sales, debt (including availability under the Credit Facility, as discussed in note 6 of the accompanying consolidated financial statements), and cash generated by the operating activities of our wholly-owned subsidiaries. Cash generated by the operating activities of our subsidiaries is only a source of liquidity to the extent such cash exceeds the working capital needs of the subsidiaries and is not otherwise restricted. For example, under QVC s bond indentures, it is able to pay dividends or make other restricted payments if it is not in default on its senior secured notes and its consolidated leverage ratio is no greater than 3.5 to 1.0 the senior secured notes leverage basket ). In addition, under the Credit Facility QVC is able to pay dividends or make other restricted payments if it is not in default on the Credit Facility and its consolidated net leverage ratio is no greater than 4.0 to 1.0. Further, under QVC s bond indentures and the Credit Facility credit agreement, unlimited dividends are permitted to service the debt of Qurate Retail so long as there is no default (i.e., no leverage test is needed). As of December 31, 2022, QVC s consolidated leverage ratio (as calculated under QVC s senior secured notes) was greater than 3.5 to 1.0 and as a result QVC is restricted in its ability to make dividends or other restricted payments under the senior secured notes. Although QVC will not be able to make unlimited dividends or other restricted payments under the senior secured notes leverage basket, QVC will continue to be permitted to make unlimited dividends to parent entities of QVC to service the principal and interest when due in respect of indebtedness of such parent entities (so long as there is no default under the indentures governing QVC s senior secured notes) and permitted to make certain restricted payments to Qurate Retail under an intercompany tax sharing agreement in respect of certain tax obligations of QVC and its subsidiaries. Qurate Retail and certain of its subsidiaries debt credit ratings were downgraded during the year ended December 31, 2022 as follows: (i) Fitch Ratings downgraded Qurate Retail, LI LLC, and QVC s long-term issuer default ratings from BB to BB- (ii) S P Global downgraded Qurate Retail s issuer credit rating from BB- to B+ and QVC s issue-level rating from BB+ to BB and (iii) Moody s downgraded LI LLC corporate family rating from Ba3 to B1, and QVC s debt ratings from Ba2 to Ba3. Subsequent to December 31, 2022, S P Global further downgraded Qurate Retail s issuer credit rating from B+ to B- and assigned a B- issuer rating to LI LLC, and lowered QVC s issue-level rating from BB to B+. 
 II-11 

Table of Contents 
 Qurate Retail and its subsidiaries are in compliance with their debt covenants as of December 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2022, Qurate Retail s liquidity position consisted of the following: 

Cash and cash equivalents amounts in millions QVC 357 CBI 12 Corporate and other (1) 906 Total Qurate Retail 1,275 

 (1) Corporate cash as of December 31, 2022 was 875 million. To the extent that the Company recognizes any taxable gains from the sale of assets, we may incur tax expense and be required to make tax payments, thereby reducing any cash proceeds. Additionally, we have 2.15 billion available for borrowing under the Credit Facility at December 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2022, QVC had approximately 238 million of cash and cash equivalents held in foreign subsidiaries that is available for domestic purposes with no significant tax consequences upon repatriation to the U.S. QVC accrues taxes on the unremitted earnings of its international subsidiaries. Approximately 67 of this foreign cash balance was that of QVC Japan. QVC owns 60 of QVC Japan and shares all profits and losses with the 40 minority interest holder, Mitsui Co, LTD. Additionally, our operating businesses generated more than 1 billion in annual cash provided by operating activities during 2021 and 2020. While cash generated by operating activities was significantly lower in 2022, we believe our businesses will continue to generate positive cash from operating activities in future periods. Years ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Cash Flow Information amounts in millions Net cash provided (used) by operating activities 194 1,225 2,455 Net cash provided (used) by investing activities 601 (501) (161) Net cash provided (used) by financing activities (72) (914) (2,181) During the year ended December 31, 2022, Qurate Retail s primary sources of cash were proceeds from the sales of fixed assets of 704 million, insurance proceeds of 280 million, partially offset by capital expenditures of 268 million, dividends paid to noncontrolling interest of 68 million, and expenditure for television distribution rights of 45 million. The projected uses of Qurate Retail s cash in the next year, outside of normal operating expenses (inclusive of tax payments), are the costs to service outstanding debt, approximately 365 million for estimated interest payments on outstanding debt, including corporate level and other subsidiary debt, anticipated capital improvement spending between 250 million and 300 million, the repayment of certain debt obligations, payments related to television distribution rights, payment of dividends to the holders of the Preferred Stock, and additional investments in existing or new businesses. The Company also may be required to make net payments of income tax liabilities to settle items under discussion with tax authorities. The Company expects that cash on hand and cash provided by operating activities in future periods and outstanding borrowing capacity will be sufficient to fund projected uses of cash. Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements and Aggregate Material Cash Requirements In connection with agreements for the sale of assets by our Company, we may retain liabilities that relate to events occurring prior to the sale, such as tax, environmental, litigation and employment matters. We generally indemnify the purchaser in the event that a third party asserts a claim against the purchaser that relates to a liability retained by us. These types of indemnification obligations may extend for a number of years. We are unable to estimate the maximum potential liability for these types of indemnification obligations as the sale agreements may not specify a maximum amount and the 
 II-12 

Table of Contents 
 amounts are dependent upon the outcome of future contingent events, the nature and likelihood of which cannot be determined at this time. Historically, we have not made any significant indemnification payments under such agreements and no amount has been accrued in the accompanying consolidated financial statements with respect to these indemnification obligations. We have contingent liabilities related to legal and tax proceedings and other matters arising in the ordinary course of business. Although it is reasonably possible we may incur losses upon conclusion of such matters, an estimate of any loss or range of loss cannot be made. In the opinion of management, it is expected that amounts, if any, which may be required to satisfy such contingencies will not be material in relation to the accompanying consolidated financial statements. Information concerning the amount and timing of required payments, both accrued and off-balance sheet, under our material cash requirements, excluding uncertain tax positions as it is undeterminable when payments will be made, is summarized below. Payments due by period Less than After Total 1 year 2 - 3 years 4 - 5 years 5 years amounts in millions Consolidated material cash requirements Long-term debt (1) 6,895 216 1,206 1,656 3,817 Interest payments (2) 4,173 364 662 515 2,632 Finance and operating lease obligations 1,078 128 196 140 614 Preferred Stock (3) 2,104 101 203 203 1,597 Purchase orders and other obligations (4) 3,079 3,033 36 10 Total 17,329 3,842 2,303 2,524 8,660 

 (1) Amounts are reflected in the table at the outstanding principal amount, assuming the debt instruments will remain outstanding until the stated maturity date, and may differ from the amounts stated in our consolidated balance sheet to the extent debt instruments (i) were issued at a discount or premium or (ii) have elements which are reported at fair value in our consolidated balance sheets. Amounts do not assume additional borrowings or refinancings of existing debt. (2) Amounts (i) are based on our outstanding debt at December 31, 2022, (ii) assume the interest rates on our variable rate debt remain constant at the December 31, 2022 rates and (iii) assume that our existing debt is repaid at maturity. (3) This amount reflects the annual 8.0 dividend on shares of Preferred Stock outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and redemption of the Preferred Stock on March 15, 2031. (4) Amounts include open purchase orders for inventory and non-inventory purchases along with other material cash requirements . 
 Critical Accounting Estimates The preparation of our financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting period. Listed below are the accounting estimates that we believe are critical to our financial statements due to the degree of uncertainty regarding the estimates or assumptions involved and the magnitude of the asset, liability, revenue or expense being reported. All of these accounting estimates and assumptions, as well as the resulting impact to our financial statements, have been discussed with the audit committee of our board of directors. 
 II-13 

Table of Contents 
 Fair Value Measurements of Non-Financial Instruments . Our non-financial instrument valuations are primarily comprised of our annual assessment of the recoverability of our goodwill and other nonamortizable intangible assets, such as tradenames and our evaluation of the recoverability of our other long-lived assets upon certain triggering events, and our determination of the estimated fair value allocation of net tangible and identifiable intangible assets acquired in business combinations. If the carrying value of our long-lived assets exceeds their undiscounted cash flows, we are required to write the carrying value down to fair value. Any such write down is included in impairment of long-lived assets in our consolidated statements of operations. A high degree of judgment is required to estimate the fair value of our long-lived assets. We may use quoted market prices, prices for similar assets, present value techniques and other valuation techniques to prepare these estimates. We may need to make estimates of future cash flows and discount rates as well as other assumptions in order to implement these valuation techniques. Due to the high degree of judgment involved in our estimation techniques, any value ultimately derived from our long-lived assets may differ from our estimate of fair value. As each of our operating segments has long-lived assets, this critical accounting policy affects the financial position and results of operations of each segment. As of December 31, 2022, the intangible assets not subject to amortization for each of our significant reportable segments were as follows: 

Goodwill Tradenames Total amounts in millions QxH 2,693 2,698 5,391 QVC International 778 778 CBI 12 12 Corporate and other 18 20 38 3,501 2,718 6,219 We perform our annual assessment of the recoverability of our goodwill and other non-amortizable intangible assets during the fourth quarter of each year, or more frequently, if events or circumstances indicate impairment may have occurred. We utilize a qualitative assessment for determining whether a quantitative goodwill and other non-amortizable intangible asset impairment analysis is necessary. The accounting guidance permits entities to first assess qualitative factors to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount as a basis for determining whether it is necessary to perform the quantitative goodwill impairment test. In evaluating goodwill on a qualitative basis the Company reviews the business performance of each reporting unit and evaluates other relevant factors as identified in the relevant accounting guidance to determine whether it is more likely than not that an indicated impairment exists for any of our reporting units. The Company considers whether there are any negative macroeconomic conditions, industry specific conditions, market changes, increased competition, increased costs in doing business, management challenges, the legal environments and how these factors might impact company specific performance in future periods. As part of the analysis the Company also considers fair value determinations for certain reporting units that have been made at various points throughout the current and prior years for other purposes. In 2022, an impairment of 2,535 million was recorded to QxH s goodwill. In 2022 and 2021, impairments of 226 million and 233 million were recorded to Zulily s goodwill, respectively. There were no goodwill impairments in 2020. In 2022, an impairment of 180 million was recorded to the QxH tradename (related to the tradename associated with HSN). In 2022 and 2021, impairments of 140 million and 130 million were recorded to Zulily s tradename, respectively. There were no tradename impairments in 2020. Retail Related Adjustments and Allowances. QVC records adjustments and allowances for sales returns, inventory obsolescence and uncollectible receivables. Each of these adjustments is estimated based on historical experience. Sales returns are calculated as a percent of sales and are netted against revenue in its consolidated statements of operations. For both of the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 sales returns represented 15.3 , and for the year ended December 31, 2020 sales returns represented 15.6 of QVC s gross product revenue. The inventory obsolescence reserve is calculated as a percent of QVC s inventory at the end of a reporting period based on, among other factors, the aging of its inventory balance, the likely method of disposition, and the estimated recoverable values based on historical experience of inventory markdowns and liquidation. The change in the reserve is included in cost of goods sold in the consolidated statements of operations. As of December 31, 2022, QVC s inventory was 1,035 million, which was net of 
 II-14 

Table of Contents 
 the obsolescence reserve of 143 million. As of December 31, 2021, inventory was 1,355 million, which was net of the obsolescence reserve of 122 million. QVC s allowance for credit losses is calculated as a percent of accounts receivable at the end of a reporting period, and is based on historical experience, with the change in such allowance recorded as a provision for credit losses in SG A expenses in the consolidated statements of operations. Trade accounts receivable (including installment payment, credit card and customer receivables) were 1,319 million and 1,521 million, as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Allowance for credit losses related to uncollectible trade accounts receivable was 87 million and 86 million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Each of these estimates requires management judgment and may not reflect actual results. Income Taxes. We are required to estimate the amount of tax payable or refundable for the current year and the deferred income tax liabilities and assets for the future tax consequences of events that have been reflected in our financial statements or tax returns for each taxing jurisdiction in which we operate. This process requires our management to make judgments regarding the timing and probability of the ultimate tax impact of the various agreements and transactions that we enter into. Based on these judgments we may record tax reserves or adjustments to valuation allowances on deferred tax assets to reflect the expected realizability of future tax benefits. Actual income taxes could vary from these estimates due to future changes in income tax law, significant changes in the jurisdictions in which we operate, our inability to generate sufficient future taxable income or unpredicted results from the final determination of each year s liability by taxing authorities. These changes could have a significant impact on our financial position. Results of Operations Businesses QVC QVC is a retailer of a wide range of consumer products, which are marketed and sold primarily by merchandise-focused televised shopping programs, the Internet and mobile applications. In the U.S., QVC s televised shopping programs, including live and recorded content, are broadcast across multiple channels nationally on a full-time basis, including QVC, QVC2, QVC3, HSN, and HSN2. The Company s U.S. programming is also available on QVC.com and HSN.com, QVC s U.S. websites virtual multichannel video programming distributors (including Hulu + Live TV, DirectTV Stream and YouTube TV); applications via streaming video; Facebook Live, Roku, Apple TV, Amazon Fire, Xfinity Flex and Samsung TV Plus; mobile applications; social media pages and over-the-air broadcasters. QVC s digital platforms enable consumers to purchase goods offered on its televised programming, along with a wide assortment of products that are available only on its U.S. websites. QVC.com and its other digital platforms (including its mobile applications, social media pages and others) are natural extensions of its business model, allowing customers to engage in its shopping experience wherever they are, with live or on-demand content customized to the device they are using. In addition to offering video content, QVC s U.S. websites allow shoppers to browse, research, compare and perform targeted searches for products, read customer reviews, control the order-entry process and conveniently access their account. Internationally, QVC s televised shopping programs, including live and recorded content, are distributed to households outside of the U.S., primarily in Germany, Austria, Japan, the United Kingdom U.K. ), the Republic of Ireland, and Italy. In some of the countries where QVC operates, QVC s televised shopping programs are distributed across multiple QVC channels: QVC Style and QVC2 in Germany and QVC Beauty, QVC Extra and QVC Style in the U.K. Similar to the U.S., QVC s international businesses also engage customers via websites, mobile applications and social media pages. QVC s international business employs product sourcing teams who select products tailored to the interests of each local market. 
 II-15 

Table of Contents 
 QVC s operating results were as follows: 

Years ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 amounts in millions Net revenue 9,887 11,354 11,472 Cost of goods sold (excluding depreciation, amortization and Rocky Mount inventory losses shown below) (6,751) (7,368) (7,418) Operating expenses (760) (791) (786) SG A expenses (excluding stock-based compensation) (1,268) (1,194) (1,211) Adjusted OIBDA 1,108 2,001 2,057 Restructuring and fire related (costs), net of recoveries (including Rocky Mount inventory losses) 10 (21) Gains on sale leaseback transactions 520 Impairment of intangible assets (2,715) Stock-based compensation (36) (44) (37) Depreciation and amortization (401) (429) (453) Operating income (loss) (1,514) 1,507 1,567 Net revenue was generated from the following geographical areas: Years ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 amounts in millions QxH 7,359 8,277 8,505 QVC International 2,528 3,077 2,967 9,887 11,354 11,472 QVC s consolidated net revenue decreased 12.9 and decreased 1.0 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, as compared to the corresponding prior years. The 1,467 million decrease in 2022 net revenue was primarily due to an 8.5 decrease in units shipped driven by QxH, 373 million in unfavorable foreign exchange rates, a 124 million decrease in shipping and handling revenue driven by QxH, and a decline of 0.8 in ASP primarily at QxH, partially offset by an increase in ASP at QVC International. These declines were partially offset by a 161 million decrease in estimated product returns, primarily driven by QxH. The 2021 decrease of 118 million in net revenue was primarily comprised of a 1.3 decrease in units shipped driven by QxH, a decline of 0.8 in ASP, primarily driven by QxH, and a decrease of 18 million in shipping and handling revenue across both segments. These declines were partially offset by an 84 million decrease in estimated product returns, primarily driven by QxH, and 57 million in favorable foreign exchange rates. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the changes in revenue and expenses were affected by changes in the exchange rates for the Japanese Yen, the Euro and the U.K. Pound Sterling. In the event the U.S. Dollar strengthens against these foreign currencies in the future, QVC s revenue and operating cash flow will be negatively affected. In discussing QVC s operating results, the term currency exchange rates refers to the currency exchange rates QVC uses to convert the operating results for all countries where the functional currency is not the U.S. Dollar. QVC calculates the effect of changes in currency exchange rates as the difference between current period activity translated using the prior period s currency exchange rates. Throughout this discussion, we refer to the results of this calculation as the impact of currency exchange rate fluctuations. When we refer to constant currency operating results , this means operating results without the impact of the currency exchange rate fluctuations. The disclosure of constant currency amounts or results permits investors to understand better QVC s underlying performance without the effects of currency exchange rate fluctuations. 
 II-16 

Table of Contents 
 The percentage change in net revenue for QVC in U.S. Dollars and in constant currency was as follows: 

Year ended December 31, 2022 Year ended December 31, 2021 U.S. dollars Foreign Currency Exchange Impact Constant currency U.S. dollars Foreign Currency Exchange Impact Constant currency QxH (11.1) (11.1) (2.7) (2.7) QVC International (17.8) (12.1) (5.7) 3.7 1.9 1.8 In 2022, the QxH net revenue decrease was primarily due to a 9.3 decrease in units shipped, a 1.8 decline in ASP and a 104 million decrease in shipping and handling revenue, partially offset by a 149 million decrease in estimated product returns. For the year ended December 31, 2022, QxH experienced shipped sales declines across all categories. The decrease in estimated product returns was primarily driven by a decrease in sales volume. The decline in ASP was primarily due to discounting as a result of inventory reduction actions. QVC International net revenue decline in constant currency was primarily due to a 6.4 decrease in units shipped across all markets except Japan and a 20 million decrease in shipping and handling revenue. These declines were partially offset by a 1.7 increase in ASP driven by the U.K. and Japan and a 12 million decrease in estimated product returns across all markets except the U.K. QVC International experienced shipped sales decline in constant currency in all categories except apparel. In 2021, the QxH net revenue decrease was primarily due to a 1.4 decrease in units shipped, a 1.7 decline in ASP and a 12 million decrease in shipping and handling revenue, partially offset by a 60 million decrease in estimated product returns. For the year ended December 31, 2021, QxH experienced shipped sales growth in apparel and accessories with declines in all other categories. The decrease in estimated product returns was primarily driven by a decrease in sales volume partially offset by a shift in product mix to higher return rate categories. QVC International net revenue growth in constant currency was primarily due to a 1.8 increase in ASP, driven by ASP increases in Japan and the U.K., and a 24 million decrease in estimated product returns driven by Germany. These increases were partially offset by a 0.9 decrease in units shipped. QVC International experienced shipped sales growth in constant currency in all categories except electronics and beauty. QVC s cost of goods sold as a percentage of net revenue was 68.3 , 64.9 and 64.7 for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The increase in cost of goods sold as a percentage of revenue in 2022 is primarily due to higher fulfillment costs across both segments driven by increased freight and warehousing costs. Higher fulfillment costs at QxH were also impacted by strains on QVC s fulfillment network due to the loss of the Rocky Mount fulfillment center and rent related to warehouses sold and leased back during the period, partially offset by efficiencies from fulfillment centers closed in the prior year. QVC also experienced product margin pressure across the business. Margin pressure was driven by discounting as a result of inventory reduction actions. The increase in cost of goods sold as a percentage of revenue in 2021 is primarily due to increased warehouse expenses driven by higher wages due to labor shortages and increased freight costs at QxH. These increases were partially offset by decreased obsolescence as a result of less aged inventory at QxH and product margin favorability. Product margin favorability was primarily driven by QVC International, partially offset by margin pressure at QxH. QVC s operating expenses are principally comprised of commissions, order processing and customer service expenses, credit card processing fees, and telecommunications expenses. Operating expenses decreased 31 million or 4 and increased 5 million or 1 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, as compared to the prior years. Operating expenses were 7.7 , 7.0 and 6.9 of net revenue for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The decrease in 2022 was primarily due to a 31 million decrease as a result of favorable exchange rates. The increase in 2021 was primarily due to a 9 million increase in customer service expenses, driven by QxH, due to higher labor costs. This increase was partially offset by a decrease in commissions and credit card fees primarily due to lower sales volume at QxH. QVC s SG A expenses (excluding and stock-based compensation) include personnel, information technology IT ), provision for credit losses, production costs and marketing and advertising expense. Such expenses increased 74 
 II-17 

Table of Contents 
 million, and were 12.8 of net revenue for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to the prior year and decreased 17 million to 10.5 of net revenue for the year ended December 31, 2021 as compared to the prior year. The increase in 2022 was primarily due to a 27 million increase in personnel costs primarily at QxH, a 26 million increase in estimated credit losses primarily at QxH, a 22 million increase in consulting expenses primarily at QxH, a 15 million increase in marketing costs across both segments and, to a lesser extent, increases in rent, IT expenses, non-income related taxes and travel expenses. These increases were partially offset by a 51 million decrease due to favorable exchange rates. The increase to estimated credit losses was due to lower expected collections in the current year compared to favorable adjustments recognized in the prior year based on actual collections experience partially offset by lower sales volume. The decrease in 2021 was primarily due to a 74 million decrease in personnel costs across both segments and a 39 million decrease in estimated credit losses primarily at QxH. These decreases were partially offset by an 80 million increase in marketing primarily at QxH, a 9 million increase due to unfavorable exchange rates, and an increase in IT expenses. The decrease related to personnel costs was primarily driven by a decrease to QVC s incentive pay across both segments. The decrease to estimated credit losses was due to lower loss rates in the current year, a favorable shift in product category mix and favorable adjustments of prior periods based on actual collections. The increase in marketing costs in 2021 was driven by greater investment in advertising in addition to the increasing cost of digital marketing. QVC recorded a gain of 10 million and a loss of 21 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, in restructuring and fire related costs, net of (recoveries). For the year ended December 31, 2022, the gain primarily related to insurance proceeds received for inventory and fixed asset losses partially offset by write-downs on Rocky Mount inventory and restructuring costs primarily related to the workforce reduction. For the year ended December 31, 2021, the loss included expenses directly related to the Rocky Mount fulfillment center fire net of expected and received insurance recoveries. Expenses indirectly related to the Rocky Mount fulfillment center fire, including operational inefficiencies, are primarily included in cost of goods sold. These indirect expenses have been submitted as part of QVC s business interruption insurance claim; however, there can be no guarantee they will be recovered. QVC recorded 520 million of gains on sale leaseback transactions for the year ended December 31, 2022. The gains related to the sale leaseback of six owned and operated U.S. properties. There were no gains on sale leaseback transactions recorded for each of the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020. QVC recorded an impairment loss of 2,715 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 related to the decrease in the fair value of the HSN indefinite-lived tradename and the QxH reporting unit (see note 5 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements). There were no impairment losses recorded by QVC for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020. Stock-based compensation includes compensation related to options and restricted stock granted to certain officers and employees. QVC recorded 36 million, 44 million and 37 million of stock-based compensation expense for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The decrease in 2022 was primarily due to the retirement of QVC s former Chief Executive Officer. The increase in 2021 was primarily due to fewer cancellations of restricted stock awards and the issuance of awards to certain officers. Depreciation and amortization decreased 28 million and 24 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively, as compared to the corresponding prior years. Depreciation and amortization included 62 million, 62 million and 66 million of acquisition related amortization during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. For the year ended December 31, 2022, depreciation and amortization decreased primarily due to assets disposed of related to the Rocky Mount fulfillment center fire and the six owned and operated U.S. properties sold and leased back. For the year ended December 31, 2021, depreciation and amortization decreased, primarily due to a decrease in property and equipment depreciation due to the sale of QVC s Lancaster and San Antonio facilities during 2021, and a decrease in channel placement amortization and related expenses due to lower subscriber count, partially offset by increased software amortization due to software additions including QVC s Enterprise Resource Planning system. 
 II-18 

Table of Contents 
 CBI CBI s operating results for the last three years were as follows: 

Years ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 amounts in millions Net revenue 1,313 1,238 1,070 Cost of goods sold (850) (734) (645) Operating expenses (48) (46) (38) SG A expenses (excluding stock-based compensation) (337) (321) (293) Adjusted OIBDA 78 137 94 Stock-based compensation (3) (2) (1) Depreciation and amortization (27) (27) (29) Operating income (loss) 48 108 64 CBI s revenue consists primarily of indoor and outdoor home furnishings. CBI s consolidated net revenue increased 6.1 and 15.7 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively, as compared to the corresponding prior years. The increase in net revenue for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to the prior year, was primarily attributable to an increase in ASP, partially offset by an increase in product returns. Orders shipped were relatively flat compared to the prior year. The increase in ASP was the result of a continued mix shift from apparel and seasonal d cor to indoor and outdoor furniture which sell at higher price points. The increase in net revenue for the year ended December 31, 2021, compared to the prior year, was primarily attributed to a 15 increase in demand in the home and apparel categories. CBI s cost of goods sold as a percentage of net revenue was 64.7 , 59.3 and 60.3 for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Cost of goods sold as a percentage of net revenue increased for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to the prior year, primarily due to higher inbound logistics costs driven by higher storage fees and ocean container rates. Cost of goods sold as a percentage of net revenue decreased slightly for the year ended December 31, 2021, compared to the prior year, primarily due to reduced promotional activity driving higher product margins. CBI s operating expenses are principally comprised of credit card fees and customer service expenses. Operating expenses slightly increased for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to the prior year, driven by increased credit card fees due to increased revenue. Operating expenses increased for the year ended December 31, 2021, compared to the prior year, driven by increased credit card fees due to increased revenue. CBI s SG A expenses include print, digital and retail marketing. As a percentage of net revenue, SG A remained relatively flat for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. As a percentage of net revenue, SG A decreased from 27.4 to 25.9 for the year ended December 31, 2021 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2020, primarily due to increased revenue performance. CBI s stock-based compensation expense increased 1 million for both of the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, compared to the corresponding periods in the prior year. The increase for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to the prior year, was due to a change in the annual grant vesting period from 4 years to 3 years. The increase for the year ended December 31, 2021, compared to the prior year, was due to fewer terminations. CBI s depreciation and amortization expense remained flat and decreased 2 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively, as compared to the corresponding periods in the prior year. The decrease for the year ended December 31, 2021, compared to the prior year, was primarily due to lower depreciation expense as a result of assets being at the end of their useful lives. 
 II-19 

Table of Contents 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk . We are exposed to market risk in the normal course of business due to our ongoing investing and financial activities and the conduct of operations by our subsidiaries in different foreign countries. Market risk refers to the risk of loss arising from adverse changes in stock prices, interest rates and foreign currency exchange rates. The risk of loss can be assessed from the perspective of adverse changes in fair values, cash flows and future earnings. We have established policies, procedures and internal processes governing our management of market risks and the use of financial instruments to manage our exposure to such risks. We are exposed to changes in interest rates primarily as a result of our borrowing and investment activities, which include investments in fixed and floating rate debt instruments and borrowings used to maintain liquidity and to fund business operations. The nature and amount of our long-term and short-term debt are expected to vary as a result of future requirements, market conditions and other factors. We manage our exposure to interest rates by maintaining what we believe is an appropriate mix of fixed and variable rate debt. We believe this best protects us from interest rate risk. We have achieved this mix by (i) issuing fixed rate debt that we believe has a low stated interest rate and significant term to maturity, (ii) issuing variable rate debt with appropriate maturities and interest rates and (iii) entering into interest rate swap arrangements when we deem appropriate. As of December 31, 2022, our debt is comprised of the following amounts: 

Variable rate debt Fixed rate debt Principal Weighted avg Principal Weighted avg amount interest rate amount interest rate dollar amounts in millions QxH and QVC International 1,057 5.8 3,914 5.1 CBI 18 5.8 Corporate and other 1,906 5.4 Qurate Retail is exposed to foreign exchange rate fluctuations related primarily to the monetary assets and liabilities and the financial results of QVC s foreign subsidiaries. Assets and liabilities of foreign subsidiaries for which the functional currency is the local currency are translated into U.S. Dollars at period-end exchange rates, and the statements of operations are generally translated at the average exchange rate for the period. Exchange rate fluctuations on translating foreign currency financial statements into U.S. Dollars that result in unrealized gains or losses are referred to as translation adjustments. Cumulative translation adjustments are recorded in accumulated other comprehensive earnings (loss) as a separate component of stockholders equity. Transactions denominated in currencies other than the functional currency are recorded based on exchange rates at the time such transactions arise. Subsequent changes in exchange rates result in transaction gains and losses, which are reflected in income as unrealized (based on period-end translations) or realized upon settlement of the transactions. Cash flows from our operations in foreign countries are translated at the average rate for the period. Accordingly, Qurate Retail may experience economic loss and a negative impact on earnings and equity with respect to our holdings solely as a result of foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations. QVC s reported Adjusted OIBDA for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 would have been impacted by approximately 4 million, 6 million and 5 million, respectively, for every 1 change in foreign currency exchange rates relative to the U.S. Dollar. We periodically assess the effectiveness of our derivative financial instruments. With regard to interest rate swaps, we monitor the fair value of interest rate swaps as well as the effective interest rate the interest rate swap yields, in comparison to historical interest rate trends. We believe that any losses incurred with regard to interest rate swaps would be largely offset by the effects of interest rate movements on the underlying debt facilities. These measures allow our management to evaluate the success of our use of derivative instruments and to determine when to enter into or exit from derivative instruments. 
 II-20 

Table of Contents 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data . The consolidated financial statements of Qurate Retail are filed under this Item, beginning on page II-28. The financial statement schedules required by Regulation S-X are filed under Item 15 of this Annual Report on Form 10 K. Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure . None. Item 9A. Controls and Procedures . Disclosure Controls and Procedures In accordance with Rules 13a-15 and 15d-15 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), the Company carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of management, including its chief executive officer and its principal accounting and financial officer (the Executives and under the supervision of its Board of Directors, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of its disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2022. Based on that evaluation, the Executives concluded that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures were not effective as of December 31, 2022 because of the material weakness in its internal control over financial reporting that is described in Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. However, giving full consideration to the material weakness, the Company s management believes the consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K present fairly, in all material respects, the Company s financial position, results of operations and cash flows for the periods disclosed in conformity with U.S. GAAP. Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting See page II-23 for Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. See page II-24 for KPMG LLP s report regarding the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting In response to the material weakness described in Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting, the Company reviewed the design of Zulily s and QVC s controls and implemented the remediation activities to alleviate the noted control deficiencies, as listed in the Remediation Plan for Material Weakness in Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Other than these items, there has been no change in the Company s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Company s quarter ended December 31, 2022, that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Remediation Plan for Material Weakness in Internal Control over Financial Reporting In response to the material weakness described in Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting , the Company has developed a plan with oversight from the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors to remediate the material weakness. The remediation efforts are underway and include the following: Enhancing the ITGC risk assessment process; Evaluating talent and addressing identified gaps; Delivering training on internal control over financial reporting; 
 II-21 

Table of Contents 
 Improving change management and logical access control activities that contributed to the ITGC material weakness including removing all inappropriate IT system access associated with the ITGC material weakness Implementing user activity monitoring for control activities contributing to the ITGC material weakness; and Implementing additional compensating control activities over the completeness and accuracy of data provided by the affected systems. 
 The Company believes the foregoing efforts will remediate the material weakness described in Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. Because the reliability of the internal control process requires repeatable execution, the successful on-going remediation of the material weakness will require on-going review and evidence of effectiveness prior to concluding that the controls are effective. Item 9B. Other Information . None. Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections Not Applicable. 
 II-22 

Table of Contents 
 MANAGEMENT S REPORT ON INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING Management of the Company is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over the Company s financial reporting, as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) of the Exchange Act. The Company s internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with GAAP. Because of inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies and procedures may deteriorate. The Company s management, with participation of the Executives, under the oversight of the Company s Board of Directors, evaluated the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, using the criteria in Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013), issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on that evaluation, management concluded that, as of December 31, 2022, the Company s internal control over financial reporting is not effective due to the material weakness described below. A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the Company s annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. We have identified a material weakness related to information technology general controls ITGCs at Zulily which also impact an inventory management system in place for certain QVC and HSN fulfillment centers. These ITGCs were not designed and operating effectively to ensure (i) that access to applications and data, and the ability to make program changes, were adequately restricted to appropriate personnel, (ii) that the activities of individuals with access to modify data and make program and job changes were appropriately monitored and (iii) that changes introduced in the production environment had undergone sufficient testing and review. Our business process controls (automated and manual) and reports and information that are dependent on the affected ITGCs were also deemed ineffective because they could have been adversely impacted. We believe these control deficiencies are due to: Inadequate risk assessment to fully understand the nature and extent of risk related to certain segregation of duties, provisioning and the design of the change control environment. Insufficient training of IT personnel related to change management and logical access processes. Lack of adequate resources with knowledge of our internal controls over financial reporting related to general information technology systems. Failure to select and apply appropriate ITGCs with accountability enforced through formal policies and procedures. The control deficiencies did not result in any identified misstatements. The Company s independent registered public accounting firm audited the consolidated financial statements and related notes in the Annual Report on Form 10-K, and issued an adverse opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. KPMG LLP s report appears on page II-23 of this Annual Report on Form 10- K. 
 II-23 

Table of Contents 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm To the Stockholders and Board of Directors Qurate Retail, Inc.: Opinion on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting We have audited Qurate Retail, Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company) internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. In our opinion, because of the effect of the material weakness, described below, on the achievement of the objectives of the control criteria, the Company has not maintained effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated balance sheets of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive earnings (loss), cash flows, and equity for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively, the consolidated financial statements), and our report dated March 1, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion on those consolidated financial statements. A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the company s annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. A material weakness has been identified related to the ineffective design and operating effectiveness of information technology general controls (ITGCs) at Zulily which also impacted an inventory management system in place for certain QVC and HSN fulfillment centers. Business process controls (automated and manual) and reports and information that are dependent on the affected ITGCs were also deemed ineffective because they could have been adversely impacted. This material weakness has been identified and included in management s assessment. The material weakness was considered in determining the nature, timing, and extent of audit tests applied in our audit of the 2022 consolidated financial statements, and this report does not affect our report on those consolidated financial statements. Basis for Opinion The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audit also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management 
 II-24 

Table of Contents 
 and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. /s/ KPMG LLP Denver, Colorado March 1, 2023 
 II-25 

Table of Contents 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm To the Stockholders and Board of Directors Qurate Retail, Inc.: Opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Qurate Retail, Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive earnings (loss), cash flows, and equity for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively, the consolidated financial statements). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission, and our report dated March 1, 2023 expressed an adverse opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Basis for Opinion These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. Critical Audit Matters The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (2) involve our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. Sufficiency of audit evidence over revenue As discussed in note 2 to the consolidated financial statements, and disclosed in the consolidated statements of operations, the Company generated 12,106 million of revenue for the year ended December 31, 2022, of which 7,359 million related to QxH, 2,528 million related to QVC International, 1,313 million related to Cornerstone Brands, Inc., and 906 million related to corporate and other revenue. The processing of these revenue streams is reliant upon multiple information technology (IT) systems and the IT systems differ between revenue streams. 
 II-26 

Table of Contents 
 We identified the evaluation of the sufficiency of audit evidence over revenue as a critical audit matter. Evaluating the sufficiency of audit evidence required subjective auditor judgment due to the number of revenue streams and the highly automated nature of certain processes to record revenue that involve interfacing significant volumes of data across multiple IT systems. The complexity of the IT environment required the involvement of IT professionals with specialized skills and knowledge. The following are the primary procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter. We applied auditor judgment to determine the nature and extent of procedures to be performed over the processing and recording of revenue, including the IT systems tested. We evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of certain internal controls related to the processing and recording of revenue. We involved IT professionals with specialized skills and knowledge who assisted in testing certain general IT, manual, and automated internal controls over the IT systems used for the processing and recording of revenue, as well as certain internal controls to reconcile information produced by the various systems to the Company s general ledger. We assessed the revenue recorded by comparing cash receipts, adjusted for reconciling items, to the revenue recorded in the general ledger. We evaluated the sufficiency of audit evidence obtained over revenue by assessing the results of procedures performed, including the appropriateness of such evidence. Fair value of the QxH reporting unit and tradenames with indefinite lives As discussed in Notes 2 and 5 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company s reporting units align with its operating segments and the QxH operating segment goodwill balance was 2,693 million as of December 31, 2022. Tradenames with indefinite lives were 2,698 million as of December 31, 2022. The Company performs goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible asset impairment testing on an annual basis and more frequently if events and circumstances indicated that the asset might be impaired. The fair value of the QxH reporting unit was determined using a discounted cash flow method, and a goodwill impairment of 2,535 million was recorded. The fair value of tradenames with indefinite lives was determined using the relief from royalty method, and an impairment of 180 million was recorded. Both impairment losses were recorded in the third quarter of 2022. We identified the evaluation of the fair values of the QxH reporting unit and tradenames with indefinite lives as a critical audit matter. Subjective auditor judgment was required to evaluate the discount rates used to estimate the fair value of the QxH reporting unit and tradenames with indefinite lives. Minor changes in these assumptions could have had a significant impact on the fair values. Additionally, the evaluation of the discount rates required the involvement of professionals with specialized skills and knowledge. The following are the primary procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter. We evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of certain internal controls related to the Company s goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets impairment processes. This included a control related to the discount rate assumptions. In addition, we involved valuation professionals with specialized skills and knowledge, who assisted in evaluating the discount rates used by management by comparing them to a range of independently developed discount rates using publicly available market data for comparable companies. /s/ KPMG LLP We have served as the Company s auditor since 1995. Denver, Colorado March 1, 2023 
 II-27 

Table of Contents 
 QURATE RETAIL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES Consolidated Balance Sheets December 31, 2022 and 2021 

2022 2021 Assets amounts in millions Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Trade and other receivables, net Inventory, net Indemnification agreement receivable Other current assets Total current assets Property and equipment Accumulated depreciation ) ) Intangible assets not subject to amortization (note 5): Goodwill Tradenames Intangible assets subject to amortization, net (note 5) Operating lease right-of-use assets (note 7) Other assets, at cost, net of accumulated amortization Total assets (continued) 
 II-28 

Table of Contents 
 QURATE RETAIL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES Consolidated Balance Sheets (Continued) December 31, 2022 and 2021 

2022 2021 amounts in millions Liabilities and Equity Current liabilities: Accounts payable Accrued liabilities Current portion of debt, including million and million measured at fair value (note 6) Other current liabilities Total current liabilities Long-term debt (note 6) Deferred income tax liabilities (note 8) Preferred stock (note 9) Operating lease liabilities (note 7) Other liabilities Total liabilities Equity Stockholders equity (note 9): Series A Qurate Retail common stock, par value. Authorized shares; issued and outstanding shares at December 31, 2022 and shares at December 31, 2021 Series B Qurate Retail common stock, par value. Authorized shares; issued and outstanding shares at December 31, 2022 and shares at December 31, 2021 Additional paid-in capital Accumulated other comprehensive earnings (loss), net of taxes ) Retained earnings Total stockholders equity Noncontrolling interests in equity of subsidiaries Total equity Commitments and contingencies (note 14) Total liabilities and equity See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 II-29 

Table of Contents 
 QURATE RETAIL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES Consolidated Statements Of Operations Years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

2022 2021 2020 amounts in millions, except per share amounts Total revenue, net Operating costs and expenses: Cost of retail sales (exclusive of depreciation shown separately below) Operating expense Selling, general and administrative, including stock-based compensation Impairment of intangible assets and long lived assets Gains on sale leaseback transactions ) Restructuring and fire related costs, net of (recoveries) (note 14) ) Depreciation and amortization Operating income (loss) ) Other income (expense): Interest expense ) ) ) Share of earnings (losses) of affiliates, net ) ) ) Realized and unrealized gains (losses) on financial instruments, net (note 4) ) Gains (losses) on transactions, net Tax sharing income (expense) with Liberty Broadband ) Other, net ) ) ) ) ) Earnings (loss) from continuing operations before income taxes ) Income tax (expense) benefit (note 8) ) ) Net earnings (loss) ) Less net earnings (loss) attributable to the noncontrolling interests Net earnings (loss) attributable to Qurate Retail, Inc. shareholders ) Basic net earnings (loss) attributable to Qurate Retail, Inc. shareholders per common share (note 2): ) Diluted net earnings (loss) attributable to Qurate Retail, Inc. shareholders per common share (note 2): ) See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 II-30 

Table of Contents 
 QURATE RETAIL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES Consolidated Statements Of Comprehensive Earnings (Loss) Years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

2022 2021 2020 amounts in millions Net earnings (loss) ) Other comprehensive earnings (loss), net of taxes: Foreign currency translation adjustments ) ) Recognition of previously unrealized losses (gains) on debt, net ) ) ) Comprehensive earnings (loss) attributable to debt credit risk adjustments (note 13) ) Other comprehensive earnings (loss) ) Comprehensive earnings (loss) ) Less comprehensive earnings (loss) attributable to the noncontrolling interests Comprehensive earnings (loss) attributable to Qurate Retail, Inc. shareholders ) See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 II-31 

Table of Contents 
 QURATE RETAIL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES Consolidated Statements Of Cash Flows Years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

2022 2021 2020 amounts in millions (See note 3) Cash flows from operating activities: Net earnings (loss) ) Adjustments to reconcile net earnings to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Impairment of intangible assets Stock-based compensation Noncash interest expense Share of (earnings) losses of affiliates, net Realized and unrealized (gains) losses on financial instruments, net ) ) (Gains) losses on sale leaseback transactions ) (Gains) losses on transactions, net ) ) Gain on insurance proceeds, net of fire related costs ) (Gains) losses on extinguishment of debt ) Deferred income tax expense (benefit) ) ) Insurance proceeds received for inventory and operating losses Other noncash charges (credits), net ) Changes in operating assets and liabilities Decrease (increase) in accounts receivable Decrease (increase) in inventory ) Decrease (increase) in prepaid expenses and other assets (Decrease) increase in trade accounts payable ) (Decrease) increase in accrued and other liabilities ) ) Net cash provided (used) by operating activities Cash flows from investing activities: Cash proceeds from dispositions of investments Investment in and loans to cost and equity investees ) ) ) Capital expenditures ) ) ) Expenditures for television distribution rights ) ) ) Insurance proceeds for fixed assets Proceeds from sale of fixed assets Other investing activities, net ) Net cash provided (used) by investing activities ) ) Cash flows from financing activities: Borrowings of debt Repayments of debt ) ) ) Repurchases of Qurate Retail common stock ) ) Withholding taxes on net share settlements of stock-based compensation ) ) ) Payments for issuances of financial instruments ) ) Proceeds from settlements of financial instruments Dividends paid to noncontrolling interest ) ) ) Dividends paid to common shareholders ) ) ) Other financing activities, net ) ) ) Net cash provided (used) by financing activities ) ) ) Effect of foreign currency exchange rates on cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash ) ) Net increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash ) Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at beginning of period Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at end of period See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 II-32 

Table of Contents 
 QURATE RETAIL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES Consolidated Statements Of Equity Years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

Stockholders Equity Accumulated other Noncontrolling Additional comprehensive interest in paid-in earnings (loss), Retained equity of Total Series A Series B capital net of taxes Earnings subsidiaries equity amounts in millions Balance at December 31, 2019 ) Net earnings (loss) Other comprehensive earnings (loss) Stock-based compensation Series A Qurate Retail stock repurchases ) ) Distribution to noncontrolling interest ) ) Distribution of dividends to common and preferred shareholders ) ) Other ) ) Reclassification ) Balance at December 31, 2020 Net earnings (loss) Other comprehensive earnings (loss) ) ) ) Stock-based compensation Series A Qurate Retail stock repurchases ) ) Distribution to noncontrolling interest ) ) Withholding taxes on net share settlements of stock-based compensation ) ) Distribution of dividends to common and preferred shareholders ) ) Other Reclassification ) Balance at December 31, 2021 ) Net earnings (loss) ) ) Other comprehensive earnings (loss) ) Stock-based compensation Distribution to noncontrolling interest ) ) Withholding taxes on net share settlements of stock-based compensation ) ) Distribution of dividends to common and preferred shareholders Other Balance at December 31, 2022 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 II-33 

Table Contents QURATE RETAIL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, included in Other liabilities in the consolidated balance sheets. Qurate Retail and Liberty Media Corporation LMC entered into certain agreements in order to govern certain of the ongoing relationships between the two companies. These agreements include a reorganization agreement, a services agreement (the Services Agreement and a facilities sharing agreement (the Facilities Sharing Agreement ). Pursuant to the Services Agreement, LMC provides Qurate Retail with general and administrative services including legal, tax, accounting, treasury and investor relations support. See below for a description of an amendment to the Services Agreement entered into in December 2019. Qurate Retail reimburses LMC for direct, out-of-pocket expenses incurred by LMC in providing these services and for Qurate Retail s allocable portion of costs associated with any shared services or personnel based on an estimated percentage of time spent providing services to Qurate Retail. Under the Facilities Sharing Agreement, Qurate Retail shares office space with LMC and related amenities at LMC s corporate headquarters. Under these various agreements approximately million, million and million of these allocated expenses were reimbursable from Qurate Retail to LMC for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. In December 2019, the Company entered into an amendment to the Services Agreement in connection with LMC s entry into a new employment arrangement with Gregory B. Maffei, the Company s Chairman of the Board of Directors (the Chairman ). Under the amended Services Agreement, components of his compensation would either be paid directly to him by each of the Company, Liberty TripAdvisor Holdings, Inc. Liberty TripAdvisor ), and Liberty Broadband (collectively, the Service Companies or reimbursed to LMC, in each case, based on allocations among LMC and the Service Companies set forth in the amended Services Agreement. This allocation percentage will be determined based on a combination of (1) relative market capitalizations, weighted , and (2) a blended average of historical time allocation on a Liberty Media-wide and CEO basis, weighted , in each case, absent agreement to the contrary by LMC and the Service Companies in consultation with the CEO. The allocation percentage will then be adjusted annually and following certain events. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the allocation percentage for the Company was and . The amended Services Agreement provides for a employment term which began on January 1, 2020 and ends December 31, 2024, with an aggregate annual base salary of million (with no contracted increase), an aggregate one-time cash commitment bonus of million (paid in December 2019), an aggregate annual target cash performance 
 II-34 

Table Contents QURATE RETAIL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 million, aggregate annual equity awards of million and aggregate equity awards granted in connection with his entry into his new agreement of million (the upfront awards ). A portion of the grants made to our Chairman during the years ended December 31, 2020 and 2019 related to our Company s allocable portion of these upfront awards. Management is not presently aware of any events or circumstances arising from the COVID-19 pandemic that would require the Company to update the estimates, judgments or revise the carrying value of our assets or liabilities. Management s estimates may change, however, as new events occur and additional information is obtained, and any such changes will be recognized in the consolidated financial statements. Actual results could differ from estimates, and any such differences may be material to our financial statements. On August 21, 2020, Qurate Retail announced that an authorized committee of its Board of Directors had declared a special dividend (the Special Dividend on each outstanding share of its Series A and Series B common stock consisting of (i) cash in the amount of per common share, for an aggregate cash dividend of approximately million, and (ii) shares of newly issued Series A Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock, par value per share (the Preferred Stock ), having an initial liquidation price of per share of Preferred Stock, with cash paid in lieu of fractional shares. The distribution ratio for the Preferred Stock portion of the Special Dividend was equivalent to in initial liquidation preference per common share, for an aggregate issuance of approximately billion aggregate liquidation preference. The dividend was distributed on September 14, 2020 to holders of record of Qurate Retail s Series A and Series B common stock. Holders of the Preferred Stock are entitled to receive quarterly cash dividends at a fixed rate of per year on a cumulative basis, beginning December 15, 2020 and thereafter on each of March 15, June 15, September 15 and December 15 during the term. The Preferred Stock is non-voting, except in limited circumstances as required by law, and subject to a mandatory redemption on March 15, 2031. On November 20, 2020, Qurate Retail announced that an authorized committee of its board of directors (the Board of Directors declared a special cash dividend (the December Special Dividend in the amount of per common share, for an aggregate dividend of approximately million, payable in cash on December 7, 2020 to stockholders of record of the Company s Series A and Series B common stock at the close of business on November 30, 2020. On November 4, 2021, Qurate Retail announced that its Board of Directors declared a special cash dividend (the November Special Dividend in the amount of per common share for an aggregate cash dividend of approximately million based on shares outstanding as of October 31, 2021. The dividend was payable on November 22, 2021 to stockholders of record of Qurate Retail s Series A and Series B common stock as of the close of business on November 15, 2021. During the year ended December 31, 2020, the Company recognized a gain as a result of the sale of one of its alternative energy investments. The Company received total cash consideration of million and recorded a gain of million on the sale. Revision of Prior Period Financial Information The Company has revised its consolidated financial statements and related notes included herein to correct immaterial errors in depreciation expense reported in periods prior to 2020, along with deferred tax adjustments reported in 2020 and periods prior to 2020. Revisions have been reflected in the comparative 2021 financial statements to reduce property and equipment, net by million and reduce deferred income tax liabilities by million, and revisions have been reflected in the comparative 2020 financial statements to reduce the opening January 1, 2020 retained earnings balance by million and reduce the deferred tax benefit by million. 
 II-35 

Table Contents QURATE RETAIL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 ) ) 2021 ) 2020 ) million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. equity securities for which it elected the fair value option as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. For those investments in affiliates in which the Company has the ability to exercise significant influence, the equity method of accounting is used, except in situations where the fair value option has been selected. Under the equity method of accounting, the investment, originally recorded at cost, is adjusted to recognize the Company s share of net earnings or losses of the affiliate as they occur rather than as dividends or other distributions are received. Losses are limited to the extent of the Company s investment in, advances to and commitments for the investee. In the event the 
 II-36 

Table Contents QURATE RETAIL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 
 II-37 

Table Contents QURATE RETAIL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 Buildings and improvements Support equipment Projects in progress Finance lease right-of-use ROU assets Total property and equipment Property and equipment, including significant improvements, is stated at amortized cost, less impairment losses, if any. Depreciation is computed using the straight-line method using estimated useful lives of to for support equipment and to for buildings and improvements. Depreciation expense for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was million, million and million, respectively. 
 II-38 

Table Contents QURATE RETAIL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 
 II-39 

Table Contents QURATE RETAIL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 Apparel Beauty Accessories Electronics Jewelry Other revenue Total Revenue 

Year ended December 31, 2021 QxH QVC Int l CBI Corp and other Total amounts in millions Home Apparel Beauty Accessories Electronics Jewelry Other revenue Total Revenue 
 II-40 

Table Contents QURATE RETAIL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 Beauty Apparel Accessories Electronics Jewelry Other revenue Total Revenue Consumer Product Revenue and Other Revenue. Qurate Retail s revenue includes sales of consumer products in the following categories: home, beauty, apparel, accessories, electronics and jewelry, which are primarily sold through live merchandise-focused televised shopping programs and via our websites and other interactive media, including catalogs. Other revenue consists primarily of income generated from our company branded credit cards in which a large consumer financial services company provides revolving credit directly to the Company s customers for the sole purpose of purchasing merchandise or services with these cards. In return, the Company receives a portion of the net economics of the credit card program. Revenue Recognition. Revenue is recognized when obligations with our customers are satisfied; generally this occurs at the time of shipment to our customers consistent with when control of the shipped product passes. The recognized revenue reflects the consideration we expect to receive in exchange for transferring goods, net of allowances for returns. The Company recognizes revenue related to its company branded credit cards over time as the credit cards are used by Qurate Retail s customers. Sales, value add, use and other taxes we collect concurrent with revenue-producing activities are excluded from revenue. The Company has elected to treat shipping and handling activities that occur after the customer obtains control of the goods as a fulfillment cost and not as a promised good or service. Accordingly, the Company accrues the related shipping costs and recognizes revenue upon delivery of goods to the shipping carrier. In electing this accounting policy, all shipping and handling activities are treated as fulfillment costs. The Company generally has payment terms with its customers of one year or less and has elected the practical expedient applicable to such contracts not to consider the time value of money. Significant Judgments. Qurate Retail s products are generally sold with a right of return and we may provide other credits or incentives, which are accounted for as variable consideration when estimating the amount of revenue to recognize. Returns and credits are estimated at contract inception and updated at the end of each reporting period as additional information becomes available. The Company has determined that it is the principal in vendor arrangements as the Company can establish control over the goods prior to shipment. Accordingly, the Company records revenue for these arrangements on a gross basis. 
 II-41 

Table Contents QURATE RETAIL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 ) 2021 ) 2020 ) million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Advertising costs are reflected in the selling, general and administrative SG A ), including stock-based compensation line item in our consolidated statements of operations. million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 II-42 

Table Contents QURATE RETAIL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 million, million and million potentially dilutive common shares, respectively, because their inclusion would be antidilutive. Potentially dilutive shares Diluted WASO 
 II-43 

Table Contents QURATE RETAIL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 Cash paid for income taxes, net The following table reconciles cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash reported in our consolidated balance sheets to the total amount presented in our consolidated statements of cash flows: Restricted cash included in other current assets Total cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash in the consolidated statement of cash flows 
 II-44 

Table Contents QURATE RETAIL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 Indemnification asset Debt The majority of the Company s Level 2 financial assets and liabilities are debt instruments with quoted market prices that are not considered to be traded on active markets, as defined in GAAP. Accordingly, the debt instruments are reported in the foregoing table as Level 2 fair value. Pursuant to an indemnification agreement initially entered into by GCI Liberty and assumed by Liberty Broadband in connection with a merger between the two companies, Liberty Broadband has agreed to indemnify Liberty Interactive LLC LI LLC for certain payments made to holders of LI LLC s Exchangeable Debentures due 2046 (the Exchangeable Debentures ). An indemnity asset in the amount of million was recorded upon completion of the GCI Liberty Split-Off. The remaining indemnification to LI LLC for certain payments made to holders of the Exchangeable Debentures pertains to the holders ability to exercise their exchange right according to the terms of the debentures on or before October 5, 2023. Such amount will equal the difference between the exchange value and the sum of the adjusted principal amount of the Exchangeable Debentures and estimated tax benefits resulting from the exchange, if any, at the time the exchange occurs. The indemnification asset recorded in the consolidated balance sheets as of December 31, 2022 represents the fair value of the estimated exchange feature included in the Exchangeable Debentures primarily based on observable market data as significant inputs (Level 2). As of December 31, 2022, a holder of the Exchangeable Debentures has the ability to put their debentures on October 5, 2023, and accordingly, such indemnification asset is included as a current asset in our consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2022. Realized and Unrealized Gains (Losses) on Financial Instruments Realized and unrealized gains (losses) on financial instruments are comprised of changes in the fair value of the following: ) Exchangeable senior debentures ) ) Indemnification asset ) ) Other financial instruments ) ) 
 II-45 

Table Contents QURATE RETAIL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 million, losses of million and gains of million, net of the recognition of previously unrecognized gains and losses, for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. The cumulative change was a gain of million as of December 31, 2022, net of the recognition of previously unrecognized gains and losses. Foreign currency translation adjustments ) ) Impairments ) ) Balance at December 31, 2021 Foreign currency translation adjustments ) ) Impairments ) ) ) Balance at December 31, 2022 As presented in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets, tradenames is the other significant indefinite lived intangible asset, million of which related to the QxH segment. Intangible Assets Subject to Amortization Intangible assets subject to amortization are comprised of the following: ) ) Customer relationships ) ) Other ) ) Total ) ) The weighted average life of these amortizable intangible assets was approximately at the time of acquisition. However, amortization is expected to match the usage of the related asset and will be on an accelerated basis as demonstrated in table below. 
 II-46 

Table Contents QURATE RETAIL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 2024 2025 2026 2027 Impairments During the third quarter of 2022, as a result of financial performance of certain subsidiary businesses, macroeconomic conditions including inflation and higher interest rates and a decline in the Company s stock price, the Company initiated a process to evaluate those subsidiaries current business models and long-term business strategies. It was determined during the third quarter of 2022 that an indication of impairment existed for the QxH and Zulily reporting units related to their tradenames and goodwill. With the assistance of a third party specialist, the fair value of the tradenames was determined using the relief from royalty method, primarily using a discounted cash flow model using QxH s and Zulily s projections of future operating performance (income approach) and applying a royalty rate (market approach) (Level 3) , and impairments in the amounts of million and million for QxH (related to the tradename associated with the HSN brand) and Zulily, respectively, were recorded during the third quarter of 2022, in the impairment of intangible assets line item in the consolidated statements of operations. With the assistance of a third party specialist, the fair value of the QxH and Zulily reporting units was determined using a discounted cash flow method (Level 3), and goodwill impairments in the amounts of million and million for QxH and Zulily, respectively, were recorded during the third quarter of 2022, in the impairment of intangible assets line item in the consolidated statements of operations. Additionally, during the fourth quarter of 2021, Zulily s business deteriorated significantly. The same process discussed above was followed and as a result, an impairment of the tradename and goodwill for the amounts of million and million, respectively, were recorded in the impairment of intangible assets and long lived assets line item in the consolidated statements of operations. After the triggering event and impairment loss recorded during the third quarter of 2022, the Company performed a qualitative goodwill impairment analysis during its annual impairment assessment in the fourth quarter of 2022 and no further impairment was identified. Based on the impairment losses recorded during the year, the estimated fair values of the HSN and Zulily tradenames and the QxH and Zulily reporting units do not significantly exceed their carrying values as of December 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2022 the Company had accumulated goodwill impairment losses of million attributed to the Zulily reporting unit and goodwill impairment losses of million attributed to the QxH reporting unit. 
 II-47 

Table Contents QURATE RETAIL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 Senior Debentures due 2029 Senior Debentures due 2030 Exchangeable Senior Debentures due 2029 Exchangeable Senior Debentures due 2030 Exchangeable Senior Debentures due 2046 Subsidiary level notes and facilities QVC Senior Secured Notes due 2023 QVC Senior Secured Notes due 2024 QVC Senior Secured Notes due 2025 QVC Senior Secured Notes due 2027 QVC Senior Secured Notes due 2028 QVC Senior Secured Notes due 2034 QVC Senior Secured Notes due 2043 QVC Senior Secured Notes due 2067 QVC Senior Secured Notes due 2068 QVC Bank Credit Facilities Deferred loan costs ) ) Total consolidated Qurate Retail debt Less debt classified as current ) ) Total long-term debt Exchangeable Senior Debentures Each debenture of LI LLC s Exchangeable Senior Debentures due 2029 was exchangeable at the holder s option for the value of shares of Sprint Corporation Sprint common stock and shares of Lumen Technologies, Inc. Lumen Technologies (formerly known as CenturyLink, Inc.) common stock. On April 1, 2020, T-Mobile US, Inc. T-Mobile completed its acquisition of Sprint Corporation TMUS/S Acquisition for shares of T-Mobile for every share of Sprint Corporation. Following the TMUS/S Acquisition, the reference shares attributable to each original principal amount of the Senior Exchangeable Debentures due 2029 consist of shares of common stock of T-Mobile, and shares of common stock of Lumen Technologies. LI LLC may, at its election, pay the exchange value in cash, Sprint and Lumen Technologies common stock or a combination thereof. LI LLC, at its option, may redeem the debentures, in whole or in part, for cash generally equal to the principal amount of the debentures plus accrued interest. As a result of various principal payments made to holders of the Exchangeable Senior Debentures, the adjusted principal amount of each debenture is as of December 31, 2022. Each debenture of LI LLC s Exchangeable Senior Debentures due 2030 was exchangeable at the holder s option for the value of shares of Sprint common stock and shares of Lumen Technologies common stock. Following the TMUS/S Acquisition, each debenture of LI LLC s Exchangeable Senior Debentures is exchangeable at the holder s option for the value of shares of T-Mobile common stock and shares of 
 II-48 

Table Contents QURATE RETAIL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 Exchangeable Senior Debentures, the adjusted principal amount of each debenture is as of December 31, 2022. On February 15, 2023, the Company completed the semiannual interest payment of per debenture and made an additional distribution of per debenture, resulting in an ending principal amount for each debenture of as of February 15, 2023. LI LLC issued the Exchangeable Debentures. Each debenture is exchangeable at the holder s option for the value of shares of Charter Class A common stock. LI LLC may, at its election, pay the exchange value in cash, Charter Class A common stock or a combination thereof. The number of shares of Charter Class A common stock attributable to a debenture represents an initial exchange price of approximately per share. On and after October 5, 2023, LI LLC, at its option, may redeem the debentures, in whole or in part, for cash generally equal to the principal amount of the debentures plus accrued interest. See note 4 for additional information about these debentures. As part of a common control transaction with QVC completed in December 2020, QVC Global Corporate Holdings, LLC QVC Global ), a subsidiary of QVC, became the primary co-obligor of LI LLC s Exchangeable Senior Debentures (the Motorola Exchangeables ), allowing the Motorola Exchangeables to be serviced direct by cash generated from QVC s foreign operations. Concurrently, LI LLC issued a promissory note to QVC Global with an initial principal amount of billion, a stated annual interest rate of and a maturity of December 29, 2029. Interest on the promissory note is to be paid annually beginning on December 29, 2021. On December 29, 2021, LI LLC repaid million principal amount of the promissory note along with a million annual interest payment. Each debenture of the Motorola Exchangeables was exchangeable at the holder s option for the value of shares of Motorola Solutions, Inc. MSI ). The remaining exchange value was payable, at QVC Global s option, in cash or MSI stock or a combination thereof. QVC Global had the option to redeem the debentures, in whole or in part, for cash generally equal to the adjusted principal amount of the debentures plus accrued interest. On October 27, 2021, a notice was issued to all holders to redeem any and all outstanding Motorola Exchangeables on December 13, 2021. Bondholders had until the close of business on December 10, 2021 to exchange their bonds. During November and December 2021, QVC Global delivered MSI shares, which were acquired pursuant to a forward purchase contract, to the holders of the Motorola Exchangeables with a fair value of approximately million to settle the exchanges of the Motorola Exchangeables. For holders who did not participate in the exchange, their bonds were redeemed on December 13, 2021 at adjusted principal, plus accrued interest and dividend pass-thru for a total cash payment of approximately million. Motorola Exchangeables remained outstanding as of December 31, 2021. During the year ended December 31, 2020, holders exchanged, under the terms of the Motorola Exchangeables, principal amounts of approximately million, and LI LLC made cash payments of approximately million respectively. Qurate Retail has elected to account for all of its exchangeables using the fair value option. Accordingly, changes in the fair value of these instruments are recognized as unrealized gains (losses) in the statements of operations. On a quarterly basis, Qurate Retail determines whether a triggering event has occurred to require current classification of certain exchangeables, as discussed below. The Company has classified the debentures that could be redeemed for cash as a current liability because the Company does not own shares to exchange the debentures or they are currently exchangeable. The Company also reviews the terms of the debentures on a quarterly basis to determine whether a triggering event for an open exchange window has occurred, which requires current classification of the exchangeables as the exchange is at the option of the holder. Exchangeable senior debentures classified as current totaled million at December 31, 2022. 
 II-49 

Table Contents QURATE RETAIL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 Senior Debentures due 2029 and the Senior Debentures due 2030 (collectively, the Senior Debentures is payable semi-annually based on the date of issuance. The Senior Debentures are stated net of aggregate unamortized discount and issuance costs of million at December 31, 2022 and million at December 31, 2021. Such discount and issuance costs are being amortized to interest expense in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. QVC Senior Secured Notes During prior years, QVC issued million principal amount of Senior Secured Notes due 2023 (the 2023 Notes at an issue price of , million principal amount of Senior Secured Notes due 2024 at an issue price of , million principal amount of Senior Secured Notes due 2025 at an issue price of , million principal amount Senior Secured Notes due 2034 at an issue price of , million principal amount of Senior Secured Notes due 2043 at an issue price of , million of Senior Notes due 2067 (the 2067 Notes at par, and million of the Senior Secured Notes due 2068 2068 Notes at par. In June 2022, QVC completed its purchase of approximately million of the outstanding 2023 Notes pursuant to a cash tender offer to purchase any and all of its outstanding 2023 Notes (the Tender Offer ). As a result of the Tender Offer, the Company recorded a loss on extinguishment of debt in the consolidated statements of operations of million during the year ended December 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2022, the remaining outstanding 2023 Notes are classified within current portion of debt as they mature in less than one year. On February 4, 2020, QVC completed a registered debt offering for million of the Senior Secured Notes due 2027 (the 2027 Notes at par. Interest on the 2027 Notes is paid semi-annually in February and August, with payments commencing on August 15, 2020. The proceeds were used to partially prepay existing indebtedness under the QVC s senior secured credit facility (the Credit Facility ). On August 20, 2020, QVC completed a registered debt offering for million of the Senior Secured Notes due 2028 (the 2028 Notes at par. Interest on the 2028 Notes will be paid semi-annually in March and September, with payments commencing on March 1, 2021. The proceeds were used in a cash tender offer (the Tender Offer to purchase the outstanding million of Senior Secured Notes due 2022 (the 2022 Notes ). QVC also issued a notice of redemption exercising its right to optionally redeem any of the 2022 Notes that remained outstanding following the Tender Offer. As a result of the Tender Offer and the redemption, the Company recorded a loss on extinguishment of debt in the consolidated statements of operations of million for the year ended December 31, 2020. The senior secured notes contain certain covenants, including certain restrictions on QVC and its restricted subsidiaries (subject to certain exceptions) with respect to, among other things: incurring additional indebtedness; creating liens on property or assets; making certain loans or investments; selling or disposing of assets; paying certain dividends and other restricted payments; consolidating or merging; entering into certain transactions with affiliates; entering into sale or leaseback transactions; and restricting subsidiary distributions. 
 II-50 

Table Contents QURATE RETAIL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 to 1.0 (the senior secured notes leverage basket ). As of December 31, 2022, QVC s consolidated leverage ratio (as calculated under QVC s senior secured notes) was greater than to 1.0 and as a result QVC is restricted in its ability to make dividends or other restricted payments under the senior secured notes. Although QVC will not be able to make unlimited dividends or other restricted payments under the senior secured notes leverage basket, QVC will continue to be permitted to make unlimited dividends to parent entities of QVC to service the principal and interest when due in respect of indebtedness of such parent entities (so long as there is no default under the indentures governing QVC s senior secured notes) and permitted to make certain restricted payments to Qurate Retail under an intercompany tax sharing agreement in respect of certain tax obligations of QVC and its subsidiaries. Credit Facility On October 27, 2021, QVC amended and restated its latest credit agreement (as amended and restated, the Fifth Amended and Restated Credit Agreement and refinanced the Credit Facility by entering into a fifth amended and restated agreement with QVC, Zulily, CBI, and QVC Global, each a direct or indirect wholly owned subsidiary of Qurate Retail, as borrowers (QVC, Zulily, CBI and QVC Global, collectively, the Borrowers ), JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent, and the other parties named therein. The Fifth Amended and Restated Credit Agreement is a multi-currency facility providing for a billion revolving credit facility, with a million sub-limit for letters of credit and an alternative currency revolving sub-limit equal to of the revolving commitments thereunder. The Credit Facility may be borrowed by any Borrower, with each Borrower jointly and severally liable for the outstanding borrowings. Borrowings under the Fifth Amended and Restated Credit Agreement bear interest at either the alternate base rate (such rate, the ABR Rate or a LIBOR-based rate (or the applicable non-U.S. Dollar equivalent rate) (such rate, the Term Benchmark/RFR Rate at the applicable Borrower s election in each case plus a margin. Borrowings that are ABR Rate loans will bear interest at a per annum rate equal to the base rate plus a margin that varies between and depending on the Borrowers combined ratio of consolidated total debt to consolidated EBITDA (the consolidated leverage ratio ). Borrowings that are Term Benchmark/RFR Rate loans will bear interest at a per annum rate equal to the applicable rate plus a margin that varies between and depending on the Borrowers consolidated leverage ratio. Each loan may be prepaid at any time and from time to time without penalty other than customary breakage costs. No mandatory prepayments will be required other than when borrowings and letter of credit usage exceed availability; provided that, if Zulily, CBI, QVC Global or any other borrower under the Credit Facility (other than QVC) is removed, at the election of QVC, as a borrower thereunder, all of its loans must be repaid and its letters of credit are terminated or cash collateralized. Any amounts prepaid on the Credit Facility may be reborrowed. The loans under the Credit Facility are scheduled to mature on October 27, 2026. Payment of the loans may be accelerated following certain customary events of default. The payment and performance of the Borrowers obligations under the Fifth Amended and Restated Credit Agreement are guaranteed by each of QVC s, QVC Global s, Zulily s and CBI s Material Domestic Subsidiaries (as defined in the Fifth Amended and Restated Credit Agreement), if any, and certain other subsidiaries of any Borrower that such Borrower has chosen to provide guarantees. Further, the borrowings under the Fifth Amended and Restated Credit Agreement are secured, pari passu with QVC s existing notes, by a pledge of all of QVC s equity interests. The borrowings under the Fifth Amended and Restated Credit Agreement are also secured by a pledge of all of Zulily s and CBI s equity interests. 
 II-51 

Table Contents QURATE RETAIL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 billion on which Zulily and CBI may also borrow. The interest rate on the Fifth Amended and Restated Credit Agreement was at December 31, 2022. Interest Rate Swap Arrangements In July 2019, QVC entered into a interest swap arrangement with a notional amount of million. The swap arrangement was not treated as a hedge under U.S. GAAP, and expired in July 2022. The swap was in a net liability position of million as of December 31, 2021, which was included in accrued liabilities in the consolidated balance sheet. Debt Covenants Qurate Retail and its subsidiaries were in compliance with all debt covenants at December 31, 2022. Five Year Maturities 2024 2025 2026 2027 Fair Value of Debt Qurate Retail estimates the fair value of its debt based on the quoted market prices for the same or similar issues or on the current rate offered to Qurate Retail for debt of the same remaining maturities (Level 2). The 2067 Notes and 2068 Notes are traded on the New York Stock Exchange, and the Company considers them to be actively traded. As such, the 2067 Notes and 2068 Notes are valued based on their trading price (Level 1). 
 II-52 

Table Contents QURATE RETAIL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 QVC senior secured notes Due to the variable rate nature, Qurate Retail believes that the carrying amount of its subsidiary debt not discussed above approximated fair value at December 31, 2022. to some of which may include the to for up to , and some of which include to the leases within less than . 
 II-53 

Table Contents QURATE RETAIL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 Finance lease cost Depreciation of leased assets Interest on lease liabilities Total finance lease cost 

 (1) Included within operating lease costs were short-term lease costs and variable lease costs, which were not material to the financial statements. The remaining weighted-average lease term and the weighted-average discount rate were as follows: Operating leases Weighted-average discount rate: Finance leases Operating leases 
 II-54 

Table Contents QURATE RETAIL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 Current operating lease liabilities (1) Operating lease liabilities Total operating lease liabilities Finance Leases: Finance lease ROU assets (3) Finance lease ROU asset accumulated depreciation (3) ) ) Finance lease ROU assets, net Current finance lease liabilities (1) Finance lease liabilities (2) Total finance lease liabilities 

 (1) Included within the Other current liabilities line item on the consolidated balance sheets. (2) Included within the Other liabilities line item on the consolidated balance sheets. (3) Included within the Property and equipment line item on the consolidated balance sheets. 
 Supplemental cash flow information related to leases was as follows: Years ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 in millions Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of lease liabilities: Operating cash outflows from operating leases Operating cash outflows from finance leases Financing cash outflows from finance leases ROU assets obtained in exchange for lease obligations: Operating leases Finance leases 
 II-55 

Table Contents QURATE RETAIL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total lease payments Less: imputed interest Total lease liabilities In June 2022, QVC modified the finance lease for its distribution center in Ontario, California which reduced the term of the lease and removed QVC s ability to take ownership of the distribution center at the end of the lease term. QVC will make annual payments over the modified lease term. Since the lease was modified and removed QVC s ability to take ownership at the end of the lease term, the Company accounted for the modification similar to a sale and leaseback transaction, and as a result, QVC received net cash proceeds of million and recognized a million gain on the sale of the distribution center during the second quarter of 2022 calculated as the difference between the aggregate consideration received (including cash and forgiveness of the remaining financing obligation of million) and the carrying value of the distribution center. The gain is included in gains on sale leaseback transactions in the consolidated statement of operations. The Company accounted for the modified lease as an operating lease and recorded a million right-of-use asset and a million operating lease liability, with the difference attributable to prepaid rent. In July 2022, QVC sold owned and operated properties located in the U.S. to an independent third party and received net cash proceeds of million. Concurrent with the sale, QVC entered into agreements to lease each of the properties back from the purchaser over an initial term of with the option to extend the terms of the property leases for up to consecutive terms of . QVC recognized a million gain related to the successful sale leaseback for the year ended December 31, 2022, calculated as the difference between the aggregate consideration received and the carrying value of the properties. The Company accounted for the leases as operating leases and recorded a million right-of-use asset and a million operating lease liability, with the difference attributable to initial direct costs. In November 2022, QVC entered into agreements to sell properties located in Germany and the U.K. to an independent third party. Under the terms of the agreements, QVC received net cash proceeds of million related to its German facility and million related to its U.K. facility when the sale closed in January 2023. Concurrent with the sale, QVC entered into agreements to lease each of the properties back from the purchaser over an initial term of with the option to extend the terms of the property leases for up to consecutive terms of . QVC expects to record a gain in the first quarter of 2023 related to the sale leaseback transaction . As of December 31, 2022, the related assets of million were classified as held for sale, and included in other assets, at cost, net of accumulated amortization in the consolidated balance sheet, as the proceeds from the sale were used to repay a portion of the the Credit Facility borrowings which were classified as noncurrent as of December 31, 2022. Qurate Retail classifies obligations as current when they are contractually required to be satisfied in the next twelve months. 
 II-56 

Table Contents QURATE RETAIL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 million to mitigate the foreign currency risk associated with the sale and leaseback of Germany and UK properties. The forward did not qualify as a cash flow hedge under U.S. GAAP. Changes in the fair value of the forward are reflected in realized and unrealized gains (losses) on financial instruments, net in the consolidated statements of operations. The forward expired in January 2023 and was in a net liability position of million as of December 31, 2022, which was included in accrued liabilities in the consolidated balance sheet. ) State and local ) ) ) Foreign ) ) ) ) ) ) Deferred: Federal ) ) State and local ) Foreign ) Income tax benefit (expense) ) ) The following table presents a summary of our domestic and foreign earnings (losses) from continuing operations before income taxes: Foreign Total ) 
 II-57 

Table Contents QURATE RETAIL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 Income tax benefit (expense) differs from the amounts computed by applying the U.S. federal income tax rate of as a result of the following: ) ) State and local income taxes, net of federal income taxes ) ) ) Tax on foreign earnings, net of federal tax benefits ) ) Alternative energy tax credits and incentives Change in valuation allowance affecting tax expense ) Change in tax rate ) ) Corporate realignment Non-deductible equity distribution ) Impairment of intangible assets ) ) Non-deductible interest on Preferred Stock to non-employee ) ) ) Other, net ) ) Income tax benefit (expense) ) ) For 2022, the most significant portion of the losses before income taxes relates to a goodwill impairment that is not deductible for tax purposes. For the year ended December 31, 2021 income tax expense was greater than the U.S. statutory rate of due to foreign tax expense, state income tax expense, the impairment of goodwill that is not deductible for tax purposes, and non-deductible interest expense related to Preferred Stock, partially offset by benefits from tax credits generated by our alternative energy investments. During November and December of 2021, the Company, through a wholly owned foreign subsidiary, recognized income related to the exchange and redemption of the outstanding Motorola Exchangeables and the extinguishment of related hedges. The income is subject to tax under the U.S Global Intangible Low-taxed Income GILTI rules. The tax effect of this GILTI income, including the federal tax benefit of related foreign tax credits, is treated by the Company as a period cost. In addition, the Company recorded a U.S. federal tax benefit for foreign derived intangible income deductions claimed on royalty income recognized by the Company in the U.S. during 2021. The tax effect of these items is included in Tax on foreign earnings, net of federal tax benefit in the above table. For the year ended December 31, 2020 the Company recorded an income tax benefit. The tax benefit was primarily driven by the impacts of a corporate realignment and tax credits generated by alternative energy investments. During the fourth quarter of 2020, the Company completed a corporate realignment transaction, whereby the assets and liabilities of certain foreign business units held in U.S. subsidiaries were transferred to QVC Global, a foreign subsidiary of QVC. This changed the manner in which income of the foreign business units is subject to U.S. income tax. As part of this realignment and upon entering into a payment agreement, QVC Global became the primary co-obligor of the Motorola Exchangeables. The Company s accounting policy is not to record deferred income taxes related to global intangible low-taxed income activity in our foreign subsidiaries but instead to recognize income tax expense in the periods as incurred. Accordingly, the deferred income tax liability for the Motorola Exchangeables that existed prior to the corporate realignment was reduced to zero and the Company recorded a corresponding income tax benefit. 
 II-58 

Table Contents QURATE RETAIL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 Foreign tax credit carryforwards Accrued stock compensation Operating lease liability Other accrued liabilities Prepaid royalty Other Deferred tax assets Valuation allowance ) ) Net deferred tax assets Deferred tax liabilities: Intangible assets Fixed assets Discount on exchangeable debentures Other Deferred tax liabilities Net deferred tax liabilities There was change to the Company s valuation allowance in 2022. At December 31, 2022, the Company had a deferred tax asset of million for net operating losses, credit carryforwards, and interest expense carryforwards. If not utilized to reduce income tax liabilities in future periods, million of these loss carryforwards and tax credits will expire at various times between 2023 and 2042. The remaining million of tax losses and carryforwards may be carried forward indefinitely. These losses and credit carryforwards are expected to be utilized prior to expiration, except for million which, based on current projections, will not be utilized in the future and are subject to a valuation allowance. At December 31, 2022, the Company had a deferred tax asset of million for foreign tax credit carryforwards. If not utilized to reduce income tax liabilities in future periods, these foreign tax credit carryforwards will expire at various times between 2026 and 2032. The Company estimates that million of its foreign tax credit carryforward will expire without utilization. 
 II-59 

Table Contents QURATE RETAIL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 Additions based on tax positions related to the current year Additions for tax positions of prior years Reductions for tax positions of prior years ) ) ) Lapse of statute and settlements ) ) ) Balance at end of year As of December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Company had recorded tax reserves of million, million and million, respectively, related to unrecognized tax benefits for uncertain tax positions. If such tax benefits were to be recognized for financial statement purposes, million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, would be reflected in the Company s tax expense and affect its effective tax rate. Qurate Retail s estimate of its unrecognized tax benefits related to uncertain tax positions requires a high degree of judgment. The Company has tax positions for which the amount of related unrecognized tax benefits could change during 2022. The amount of unrecognized tax benefits related to these issues could change as a result of potential settlements, lapsing of statute of limitations and revisions of estimates. It is reasonably possible that the amount of the Company s gross unrecognized tax benefits may decrease within the next twelve months by up to million. As of December 31, 2022, the Company s tax years prior to 2019 are closed for federal income tax purposes, and the IRS has completed its examination of the Company s 2019 and 2020 tax years. However, 2019 and 2020 remain open until the statute of limitations lapses on October 15 of 2023 and 2024, respectively. The Company s 2021 and 2022 tax years are being examined currently as part of the IRS s Compliance Assurance Process CAP program. Various states and foreign jurisdictions are currently examining the Company s prior years state and foreign income tax returns. The Company recorded million of accrued interest and penalties related to uncertain tax positions for the year ended December 31, 2022, million for the year ended December 31, 2021 and million for the year ended December 31, 2020. Series A Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock, par value per share Preferred Stock ). There were shares of Preferred Stock authorized and shares, and shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Priority. The Preferred Stock ranks senior to the shares of common stock of Qurate Retail, with respect to dividend rights, rights of redemption and rights on the distribution of assets on any voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding up of Qurate Retail s affairs. Shares of Preferred Stock are not convertible into shares of common stock of Qurate Retail. Dividends. Holders of the Preferred Stock are entitled to receive quarterly cash dividends at a rate of per annum of the liquidation price (as described below) on a cumulative basis, during the term. If declared, accrued dividends 
 II-60 

Table Contents QURATE RETAIL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 after the applicable dividend payment or redemption date, the dividend rate will increase as provided by the Certificate of Designations for the Preferred Stock (the Certificate of Designations ). Accrued dividends that are not paid within after the applicable dividend payment date will be added to the liquidation price until paid together with all dividends accrued thereon. The ability of Qurate Retail to declare or pay any dividend on, or purchase, redeem, or otherwise acquire, any of its common stock or any other stock ranking on parity with the Preferred Stock will be subject to restrictions if Qurate Retail does not pay all dividends and all redemption payments on the Preferred Stock, subject to certain exceptions as set forth in the Certificate of Designations. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company declared and paid quarterly cash dividends, each for per share to stockholders of record of the Preferred Stock. On February 16, 2023, the Company declared a quarterly cash dividend of per share, which will be payable in cash on March 15, 2023 to stockholders of record of the Preferred Stock at the close of business on February 28, 2023. Distributions upon Liquidation, Dissolution or Winding Up. Upon Qurate Retail s liquidation, winding-up or dissolution, each holder of shares of the Preferred Stock will be entitled to receive, before any distribution is made to the holders of Qurate Retail common stock, an amount equal to the liquidation price plus all unpaid dividends (whether or not declared) accrued from the immediately preceding dividend payment date, subject to the prior payment of liabilities owed to Qurate Retail s creditors and the preferential amounts to which any stock senior to the Preferred Stock is entitled. The Preferred Stock has a liquidation price equal to the sum of (i) , plus (ii) all accrued and unpaid dividends (whether or not declared) that have been added to the liquidation price. Mandatory and Optional Redemption. The Preferred Stock is subject to mandatory redemption on March 15, 2031 at the liquidation price plus all unpaid dividends (whether or not declared) accrued from the most recent dividend payment date. On or after the fifth anniversary of September 14, 2020 (the Original Issue Date ), Qurate Retail may redeem all or a portion of the outstanding shares of Preferred Stock, at the liquidation price plus all unpaid dividends (whether or not declared) accrued from the most recent dividend payment date plus, if the redemption is (x) on or after the fifth anniversary of the Original Issue Date but prior to its sixth anniversary, of the liquidation price, (y) on or after the sixth anniversary of the Original Issue Date but prior to its seventh anniversary, of the liquidation price and (z) on or after the seventh anniversary of the Original Issue Date, . Both mandatory and optional redemptions must be paid in cash. Voting Power. Holders of the Preferred Stock will not have any voting rights or powers, except as specified in the Certificate of Designations or as required by Delaware law. Preferred Stock Directors . So long as the aggregate liquidation price of the outstanding shares of Preferred Stock exceeds of the aggregate liquidation price of the shares of Preferred Stock issued on the Original Issue Date, holders of Preferred Stock will have certain director election rights as described in the Certificate of Designations whenever dividends on shares of Preferred Stock have not been declared and paid for consecutive dividend periods and whenever Qurate Retail fails to pay the applicable redemption price in full with respect to any redemption of the Preferred Stock or fails to make a payment with respect to the Preferred Stock in connection with a liquidation or Extraordinary Transactions (as defined in the Certificate of Designations). 
 II-61 

Table Contents QURATE RETAIL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 per share. Given the liability classification of the Preferred Stock, all dividends accrued are classified as interest expense in the consolidated statements of operations. The fair value of the Preferred Stock (level 1) was million as of December 31, 2022. Common Stock Series A Qurate Retail common stock has vote per share, and Series B Qurate Retail common stock has votes per share. Each share of the Series B common stock is exchangeable at the option of the holder for share of Series A common stock of the same group. The Series A and Series B common stock participate on an equal basis with respect to dividends and distributions. At the Annual Meeting of Stockholders held on June 2, 2015, the Company s stockholders approved an amendment to the Restated Certificate of Incorporation that increased (i) the total number of shares of the Company s capital stock which the Company will have the authority to issue to million shares, (ii) the number of shares of the Company s capital stock designated as Common Stock to million shares and (iii) the number of shares of Common Stock designated as Series A Liberty Ventures Common Stock, Series B Liberty Ventures Common Stock and Series C Liberty Ventures Common Stock to million shares, million shares and million shares, respectively. At the Annual Meeting of Stockholders held on May 23, 2018, the Company s stockholders approved an amendment to the Restated Certificate of Incorporation, which (i) eliminated the tracking stock capitalization structure of the Company and (ii) reclassified each outstanding share of Series A and Series B QVC Group common stock into one share of our Series A and Series B common stock, respectively. In addition, the amendment to the Restated Certificate of Incorporation changed (i) the total number of shares of the Company s capital stock which the Company will have the authority to issue to million shares, (ii) the number of shares of the Company s capital stock designated as Common Stock to million shares, (iii) the number of shares of Common Stock designated as Series A Common Stock, Series B Common Stock and Series C Common Stock to million shares, million shares and million shares, respectively, and (iv) the number of shares of the Company s capital stock designated as Preferred Stock to million shares. As of December 31, 2022, Qurate Retail reserved for issuance upon exercise of outstanding stock options approximately million shares of Series A Qurate Retail common stock and approximately million shares of Series B Qurate Retail common stock. In addition to the Series A and Series B Qurate Retail common stock, there are billion shares of Series C Qurate Retail common stock authorized for issuance, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, shares of any Series C Qurate Retail common stock were issued or outstanding . Purchases of Common Stock During the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, the Company repurchased and shares of Series A Qurate Retail common stock, respectively, for aggregate cash consideration of million and million, respectively. There were shares of Series A Qurate Retail common stock repurchased during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 II-62 

Table Contents QURATE RETAIL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 employment term which began on January 1, 2020 and ends December 31, 2024, with an annual base salary of million (with no contracted increase), a one-time cash commitment bonus of million (paid in December 2019), an annual target cash performance bonus of million (with payment subject to the achievement of one or more performance metrics as determined by the applicable company s Compensation Committee), upfront equity awards and annual equity awards (as described below). The Chairman was entitled to receive term equity awards with an aggregate grant date fair value of million (the Upfront Awards which were granted in equal tranches. The first tranche consisted of time-vested stock options from each of Qurate Retail, LMC, Liberty Broadband and GCI Liberty and time-vested restricted stock units RSUs from Liberty TripAdvisor (collectively, the 2019 term awards that vest, in each case, on December 31, 2023 (except Liberty TripAdvisor s award of time-vested RSUs, which vests on December 15, 2023), subject to the Chairman s continued employment, except under certain circumstances. Qurate Retail s portion of the 2019 term awards, granted in December 2019, had an aggregate grant date fair value of and consisted of stock options to purchase shares of Series A Qurate Retail common stock QRTEA with an exercise price of . The second tranche of the Upfront Awards consisted of time-vested stock options from each of LMC, Qurate Retail, Liberty Broadband and GCI Liberty and time-vested RSUs from Liberty TripAdvisor (collectively, the 2020 term awards that vest, in each case, on December 31, 2024 (except Liberty TripAdvisor s award of time-vested RSUs, which vests on December 7, 2024), subject to the Chairman s continued employment, except under certain circumstances. Qurate Retail s portion of the 2020 term awards, granted in December 2020, had an aggregate grant date fair value of and consisted of stock options to purchase QRTEA shares with an exercise price of . The Chairman is also entitled to receive annual equity award grants with an annual aggregate grant date fair value of million, consisting of time-vested options, performance-based RSUs or a combination of both, at the election of the Chairman. The annual equity awards are granted directly by Qurate Retail, LMC, Liberty Broadband and Liberty TripAdvisor according to their applicable allocation percentage. The allocation percentage is determined based on a combination of (1) relative market capitalizations, weighted , and (2) a blended average of historical time allocation on an LMC-wide and Chairman basis, weighted , in each case, absent agreement to the contrary by Qurate Retail, LMC, Liberty Broadband and Liberty TripAdvisor in consultation with the Chairman. The allocation percentage is then adjusted annually and following certain events. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 the allocation percentage for Qurate Retail was , and , respectively. Vesting of any annual performance-based RSUs is subject to the achievement of one or more performance metrics to be approved by the Compensation Committee of the applicable company with respect to its respective allocable portion of the annual performance-based RSUs. Former CEO Compensation Agreement On September 27, 2015, the Compensation Committee of Qurate Retail approved a compensation arrangement for our former CEO. The arrangement provided for a employment term beginning December 16, 2015 and ending December 31, 2020. Effective November 17, 2020, Qurate Retail entered into an amendment to the former CEO s compensation arrangement that provided for a extension of the employment agreement dated December 16, 2015 and ended his term on December 31, 2021. For the year ended December 31, 2021, his annual base salary increased to 
 II-63 

Table Contents QURATE RETAIL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 million and he received an annual target cash bonus equal to of his annual base salary with a maximum bonus of of base salary, subject to the achievement of performance criteria. The former CEO also received a performance-based RSU award equal to million of target value, with a maximum value equal to million, and a time-vested RSU award also equal to million of value. The performance-based RSU award was subject to performance criteria as determined by the Compensation Committee. CEO Employment Agreement On July 12, 2021, the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors of Qurate Retail approved the Company s entry into an employment agreement with David Rawlinson II, effective July 12, 2021. Effective August 1, 2021, Mr. Rawlinson began to serve as President and Chief Executive Officer-Elect of Qurate Retail, with Mike George continuing as Chief Executive Officer. Effective October 1, 2021, Mr. Rawlinson began to serve as President and Chief Executive Officer of Qurate Retail, with Mr. George assuming the role of Senior Advisor. Mr. Rawlinson concurrently assumed the same positions with QVC. Mr. George resigned from the Board of Directors effective January 1, 2022, at which time Mr. Rawlinson joined the Board. With respect to his roles at Qurate Retail and QVC, Mr. George stepped down as President effective August 1, 2021 and as Chief Executive Officer effective October 1, 2021. Malone Stock Exchange and Maffei Arrangements On May 18, 2021, Gregory B. Maffei, the Chairman of the Board and a director of the Company, delivered a written offer (the Offer to John C. Malone, a director of Qurate Retail, to acquire all of the outstanding shares of Series B Qurate Retail common stock QRTEB beneficially owned by Mr. Malone, his wife Leslie Malone and certain trusts for the benefit of Mr. Malone, Mrs. Malone and/or their children (the Malone Group, and such shares, the Subject Shares at a per share price of payable in cash, securities or such other form of consideration as to which Mr. Maffei and Mr. Malone might mutually agree. The transfer by the Malone Group of the Subject Shares was subject to the terms of that certain call agreement, dated February 9, 1998 (the Call Agreement ), among Qurate Retail, as successor-in-interest to the assignee of Tele-Communications, Inc., a Delaware corporation, Mr. Malone and Mrs. Malone, which provided Qurate Retail with the right to acquire all, but not less than all, of the Subject Shares at a per share price equal to the lower of (x) the Offer price or (y) of the average closing prices of a share of QRTEA for the 30 consecutive trading days ending on May 17, 2021 (with the price calculated pursuant to clause (y) equal to per share (the Call Price )) (the Call Right ). As previously disclosed, on May 18, 2021, Mr. Malone provided written notice to Qurate Retail of his desire to accept the Offer, subject to the approval by the Board of Directors of the Company of the transactions contemplated thereby for purposes of Section 203 of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware, pursuant to the terms of the Call Agreement. However, in the event the Company determined to exercise the Call Right, Mr. Malone indicated a preference for the payment of the per share price in the form of shares of QRTEA such that he would continue to hold a substantial investment in the Company. On June 2, 2021, Qurate Retail delivered written notice to Mr. Malone to exercise the Call Right and to pay the per share Call Price required by the Call Agreement in shares of QRTEA. On June 3, 2021, the Company and the Malone Group entered into a Stock Exchange Agreement (the Malone Stock Exchange Agreement to effect the closing of the Call Right exercise, pursuant to which the Malone Group transferred to the Company an aggregate of shares of QRTEB, and in exchange (the Malone Exchange ), Qurate Retail issued to the Malone Group an aggregate of shares of QRTEA. Under the terms of the Call Agreement, the aggregate Call Price converts into an equivalent ratio of shares of QRTEA for each share of QRTEB with the aggregate number of shares of QRTEA issued to each member of the Malone Group rounded down to the nearest whole share. On June 3, 2021, the Company, LMC and Mr. Maffei entered into a Waiver Letter and Amendment of Employment Agreement (the Letter Agreement ), pursuant to which, among other things, Mr. Maffei (x) waived his 
 II-64 

Table Contents QURATE RETAIL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 shares at an exercise price of per share, and shares at an exercise price of per share, respectively. In consideration for the foregoing, pursuant to the Letter Agreement, (i) Mr. Maffei received a grant of restricted shares of QRTEB that are scheduled to vest, subject to Mr. Maffei s continued employment with the Company, in equal tranches on December 10, 2024 and the fifth anniversary of the grant date, subject to earlier vesting under certain circumstances, and (ii) Qurate Retail agreed that the portion of the Annual Equity Awards (as defined in the Employment Agreement) to be granted by Qurate Retail to Mr. Maffei pursuant to Section 4.11 of the Employment Agreement for calendar years 2022, 2023 and 2024 shall be granted with respect to the QRTEB. Also, on June 3, 2021, the Company and Mr. Maffei also entered into a Stock Exchange Agreement (the Maffei Stock Exchange Agreement pursuant to which, among other things: (i) Mr. Maffei transferred to Qurate Retail an aggregate of shares of QRTEA, and in exchange Qurate Retail issued to Mr. Maffei an equivalent number of shares of QRTEB; (ii) Qurate Retail agreed that on the terms and subject to the conditions of the Maffei Stock Exchange Agreement, Mr. Maffei, at his option (during the period following the vesting of the performance-based restricted stock unit award granted to Mr. Maffei on March 10, 2021), may transfer to the Company the number of shares of QRTEA actually received by Mr. Maffei upon vesting of such performance-based restricted stock unit award in exchange for an equivalent number of newly-issued shares of QRTEB (the Subsequent Exchange (iii) Mr. Maffei agreed that until December 31, 2024 (the Cap Period ), which is also the end of the current term of his employment as set forth in the Employment Agreement, he will not, and will not authorize or permit any of his affiliates that he controls Controlled Affiliates to, acquire or agree to acquire (or announce publicly an intent to acquire) by purchase or otherwise, beneficial ownership of voting securities of the Company (or direct or indirect rights or options to acquire any such voting securities) if, after giving effect to any such acquisition of securities, the aggregate voting power of the Company s voting securities beneficially owned by Mr. Maffei and his Controlled Affiliates would exceed of the voting power of all of the outstanding voting securities (assuming, for purposes of this calculation that all voting securities beneficially owned by Mr. Maffei which are not outstanding are included in the calculation) (the Cap and (iv) the foregoing transactions by which Mr. Maffei and certain of his related persons became an interested stockholder were approved for purposes of Section 203 of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware. The Cap is subject to certain terms and exceptions, as described in the Maffei Stock Exchange Agreement. In addition, Mr. Maffei and his Controlled Affiliates may not transfer voting securities of Qurate Retail to any other Controlled Affiliate of Mr. Maffei unless such transferee has agreed to be bound by the terms of the Maffei Stock Exchange Agreement. Pursuant to the terms of the Maffei Stock Exchange Agreement, on March 25, 2022, Mr. Maffei transferred to the Company an aggregate of shares of QRTEA received by Mr. Maffei upon vesting of the performance-based restricted stock unit award granted to Mr. Maffei on March 10, 2021 and in exchange, the Company issued to Mr. Maffei an equivalent number of shares of QRTEB. Each share of QRTEB stock is convertible, at the option of the holder, into share of QRTEA. 
 II-65 

Table Contents QURATE RETAIL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 million shares of Qurate Retail common stock plus the shares remaining available for Awards under the prior Qurate Retail, Inc. 2016 Omnibus Incentive Plan (the 2016 Plan ), as amended, as of close of business on May 20, 2020, the day before the effective date of the 2020 Plan. Any forfeited shares from the 2016 Plan shall also be available again under the 2020 Plan. Awards generally vest over 1 - and have a term of 7 - . Qurate Retail issues new shares upon exercise of equity awards. Qurate Retail Grants The following table presents the number and weighted average GDFV of Awards granted by Qurate Retail during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020: Series A Qurate Retail common stock options, Qurate Retail employees and directors (2) NA NA Series A Qurate Retail common stock options, David Rawlinson II (3) NA NA NA NA Series A Qurate Retail common stock options, Qurate Retail Chairman of the Board (4) NA NA NA NA Series A Qurate Retail common stock RSUs, subsidiary employees (5) Series A Qurate Retail common stock RSUs, Qurate Retail employees and directors (6) Series A Qurate Retail common stock RSUs, David Rawlinson II (7) NA NA Series A Qurate Retail common stock RSUs, Mike George (8) NA NA Series A Qurate Retail common stock RSUs, Qurate Retail Chairman of the Board (9) NA NA Series B Qurate Retail common stock RSUs, Qurate Retail Chairman of the Board (9) NA NA 

(1) Vests semi-annually over . (2) Vests between two and for employees and in for directors. 
 II-66 

Table Contents QURATE RETAIL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 equal tranches on December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2024. Grant was made in connection with Mr. Rawlinson s employment agreement (see note 10). (4) The grant was made in connection with the Chairman s new employment agreement and cliff vests in December 2024 (see notes 1 and 10). (5) Grants made in 2022 generally vest annually over . Grants made in 2021 and 2020 generally vest annually over . (6) Grants mainly vest from the month of grant, subject to the satisfaction of certain performance objectives for employees and in for directors. (7) Grant made in 2022 vests from the month of grant, subject to the satisfaction of certain performance objectives. Qurate Retail granted thousand time-based RSUs and thousand performance-based RSUs of QRTEA to Mr. Rawlinson in 2021. The time-based RSUs vest over , and the performance-based RSUs cliff vested in March 2022, subject to the satisfaction of certain performance objectives and based on an amount determined by the compensation committee. Grants were made in connection with Mr. Rawlinson s employment agreement (see note 10). (8) Qurate Retail granted to Mr. George thousand performance-based RSUs and thousand time-based RSUs of QRTEA in 2021 and thousand performance-based RSUs of QRTEA in 2020. The time-based RSUs mainly cliff vested on December 10, 2021, and the 2021 and 2020 performance-based RSUs granted to Mr. George cliff vested from the month of grant, subject to the satisfaction of certain performance objectives and based on an amount determined by the compensation committee. (9) Qurate Retail granted thousand performance-based RSUs of QRTEB in 2022 and thousand and thousand performance-based RSUs of QRTEA in 2021 and 2020, respectively. These grants vest from the month of the grant, subject to the satisfaction of certain performance objectives. Grants were made in connection with our Chairman s employment agreement. Qurate Retail also granted million time-based RSAs of QRTEB to our Chairman in 2021 as a result of the Letter Agreement discussed in Note 10 which vest in equal tranches on December 10, 2024 and June 3, 2026, subject to earlier vesting under certain circumstances. Qurate Retail granted thousand time-based RSUs of QRTEA to our Chairman which cliff vested on December 10, 2020. This RSU grant was issued in lieu of our Chairman receiving of his remaining base salary for the last three quarters of calendar year 2020, and he waived his right to receive the other , in each case, in light of the ongoing financial impact of COVID-19. 
 For awards that are performance-based, performance objectives, which are subjective, are considered in determining the timing and amount of compensation expense recognized. When the satisfaction of the performance objectives becomes probable, the Company records compensation expense. The probability of satisfying the performance objectives is assessed at the end of each reporting period. Pursuant to the terms of the Stock Exchange Agreement, dated as of June 3, 2021, by and between Mr. Maffei and the Company, on March 25, 2022, Mr. Maffei transferred to the Company an aggregate of shares of QRTEA received by Mr. Maffei upon vesting of the performance-based restricted stock unit award granted to Mr. Maffei on March 10, 2021 and in exchange, the Company issued to Mr. Maffei an equivalent number of shares of QRTEB. Each share of QRTEB stock is convertible, at the option of the holder, into share of QRTEA. During the fourth quarter of 2021 and in connection with the November Special Dividend, holders of QRTEA or QRTEB (together, QRTEA/B RSAs and RSUs outstanding at the close of business on the record date received a special cash dividend in the amount of per share for each QRTEA/B RSA or RSU so held November Cash Dividend ). 
 II-67 

Table Contents QURATE RETAIL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 per share for each QRTEA RSA and RSU so held Cash Dividend ), and ii. a special dividend of shares of newly issued Preferred Stock QRTEP for each QRTEA RSA and RSU so held, with cash distributed in lieu of fractional shares Preferred Stock Dividend ). The Preferred Stock Dividend related to QRTEA RSAs and RSUs was issued in the form of QRTEP RSAs and RSUs, corresponding to the original grant of either RSAs or RSUs. The Cash Dividend for RSA holders was paid upon distribution. The Cash Dividend for RSU holders along with the QRTEP RSAs and RSUs are subject to the same vesting schedules as those applicable to the corresponding original QRTEA RSAs and RSUs. Also in connection with the Special Dividend, outstanding stock options and SARs to purchase shares of QRTEA/B on the record date were adjusted pursuant to the anti-dilution provisions of the incentive plans under which the stock options and SARs were granted. The adjustment to the exercise price and the number of shares subject to the original stock option or SAR award was calculated in the same manner as the November Special Dividend discussed above. During the fourth quarter of 2020 and in connection with the December Special Dividend, holders of QRTEA RSAs and RSUs outstanding at the close of business on the record date received a special cash dividend in the amount of per share for each QRTEA RSA or RSU so held December Cash Dividend ). The December Cash Dividend for RSA holders was paid upon distribution. The December Cash Dividend for RSU holders is subject to the same vesting schedules as those applicable to the corresponding original QRTEA RSUs. Also in connection with the December Special Dividend, outstanding stock options and SARs to purchase shares of QRTEA/B on the record date were adjusted pursuant to the anti-dilution provisions of the incentive plans under which the stock options and SARs were granted. The adjustment to the exercise price and the number of shares subject to the original stock option or SAR award was calculated in the same manner as the November Special Dividend discussed above. The Company has calculated the GDFV for all of its equity classified awards using the Black-Scholes-Merton Model. The Company estimates the expected term of the Awards based on historical exercise and forfeiture data. For grants made in 2021 and 2020, the range of expected terms was to years. There were options granted in 2022. The volatility used in the calculation for Awards is based on the historical volatility of the Company s stocks and the implied volatility of publicly traded Qurate Retail options. The Company uses a dividend rate and the risk-free rate for Treasury Bonds with a term similar to that of the subject options 
 II-68 

Table Contents QURATE RETAIL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 - 2020 grants - Qurate Retail - Outstanding Awards The following table presents the number and weighted average exercise price WAEP of options to purchase Qurate Retail common stock granted to certain officers, employees and directors of the Company, as well as the weighted average remaining life and aggregate intrinsic value of the options. Granted Exercised ) Forfeited/Cancelled ) Options outstanding at December 31, 2022 years years Options exercisable at December 31, 2022 years years The following table presents the number and weighted average GDFV of RSUs granted to certain officers, employees and directors of the Company. Granted Vested ) Forfeited/Cancelled ) RSUs outstanding at December 31, 2022 Qurate Retail - Restricted Stock and Restricted Stock Units The Company has approximately million, million and thousand unvested RSAs and RSUs of QRTEA, QRTEB and QRTEP, respectively, held by certain directors, officers and employees of the Company as of December 31, 2022. The QRTEA and QRTEB unvested RSAs and RSUs have a weighted average GDFV of per share and per share, respectively, and thousand of the QRTEP unvested RSUs have an incremental cost of per share. 
 II-69 

Table Contents QURATE RETAIL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 million, million and million, respectively. Qurate Retail - Exercises The aggregate intrinsic value of all options exercised during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was million, million and million, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, the total unrecognized compensation cost related to unvested Qurate Retail Awards was approximately million. Such amount will be recognized in the Company s consolidated statements of operations over a weighted average period of approximately years. As of December 31, 2022, Qurate Retail reserved million shares of Series A and Series B common stock for issuance under exercise privileges of outstanding stock options. million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 II-70 

Table Contents QURATE RETAIL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020) ) ) Other comprehensive earnings (loss) attributable to Qurate Retail, Inc. stockholders ) Balance at December 31, 2020 ) ) Other comprehensive earnings (loss) attributable to Qurate Retail, Inc. stockholders ) ) ) ) Balance at December 31, 2021 ) ) ) Other comprehensive earnings (loss) attributable to Qurate Retail, Inc. stockholders ) ) Balance at December 31, 2022 ) ) The components of other comprehensive earnings (loss) are reflected in Qurate Retail s consolidated statements of comprehensive earnings (loss) net of taxes. The following table summarizes the tax effects related to each component of other comprehensive earnings (loss). ) Recognition of previously unrealized losses (gains) on debt, net ) ) Comprehensive earnings (loss) attributable to debt credit risk adjustments ) Other comprehensive earnings (loss) ) Year ended December 31, 2021: Foreign currency translation adjustments ) ) ) Recognition of previously unrealized losses (gains) on debt, net ) ) Comprehensive earnings (loss) attributable to debt credit risk adjustments ) ) Other comprehensive earnings (loss) ) ) Year ended December 31, 2020: Foreign currency translation adjustments Recognition of previously unrealized losses (gains) on debt, net ) ) Comprehensive earnings (loss) attributable to debt credit risk adjustments ) Other comprehensive earnings (loss) ) 
 II-71 

Table Contents QURATE RETAIL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 million of fire related costs and estimated insurance recoveries of million for which recovery was deemed probable. As of December 31, 2021, the Company received million of insurance proceeds and had an insurance receivable of million which was recorded in Trade and other receivables, net in the consolidated balance sheet. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recorded an additional million of fire related costs, including million for the write-down of inventory that will not be reimbursed by QVC s insurance policies. The fire-related costs also include million for which recovery was deemed probable and million of costs that will not be reimbursed by QVC s insurance policies. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company received million of insurance proceeds for inventory, fixed asset losses and other fire related costs and recorded a gain of million in restructuring and fire related costs, net of (recoveries) in the consolidated statement of operations, representing the proceeds received in excess of cumulative losses recognized. The Company recorded an insurance receivable, net of advance proceeds received, for other fire related costs for which recovery was deemed probable of million which was recorded in Trade and other receivables, net in the consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2022. During the year ended December 31, 2022, inventory write-downs related to Rocky Mount inventory of million were included in cost of goods sold. Due to the circumstances surrounding the write-downs of inventory, these write-downs have been excluded from Adjusted OIBDA (as defined in note 15). QVC submitted its business interruption claim with the insurance company and is still in the process of negotiating the valuation of loss with its insurer; there can be no guarantee that all business interruption losses will be recovered. QVC expects to continue to record additional costs and recoveries until the insurance claim is fully settled. Project Athens On June 27, 2022, Qurate Retail announced a five-point turnaround plan designed to stabilize and differentiate its core HSN and QVC U.S. brands and expand the company s leadership in video streaming commerce Project Athens ). Project Athens main initiatives include: (i) improve customer experience and grow relationships; (ii) rigorously execute 
 II-72 

Table Contents QURATE RETAIL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 million in restructuring and fire related costs, net of (recoveries) in the consolidated statement of operations during the year ended December 31, 2022, related to workforce reduction. Zulily Restructuring In the first quarter of 2022, Zulily began to execute a series of transformation initiatives, beginning with the announcement of the closure of its fulfillment center in Bethlehem, Pennsylvania, and reduction in corporate workforce. These initiatives are consistent with Zulily s strategy to operate more efficiently as it implements its turnaround plan, and Zulily expects to incur additional expenses related to these transformation initiatives in future periods. Zulily recorded million of restructuring charges during the year ended December 31, 2022, approximately million of which related to its regional office space strategy and expenses associated with the Pennsylvania facility closure, and approximately million of which related to a reduction in corporate workforce. 
 II-73 

Table Contents QURATE RETAIL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 QVC International CBI Corporate and other ) ) Inter-segment eliminations ) ) Consolidated Qurate Retail Other Information QVC International CBI Corporate and other Consolidated Qurate Retail 
 II-74 

Table Contents QURATE RETAIL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 The following table provides a reconciliation of consolidated segment Adjusted OIBDA to operating income and earnings (loss) from continuing operations before income taxes: Stock-based compensation ) ) ) Depreciation and amortization ) ) ) Restructuring and fire related (costs), net of recoveries ) ) Gains on sale leaseback transactions Impairment of intangible assets ) ) Operating income ) Interest expense ) ) ) Share of earnings (loss) of affiliates, net ) ) ) Realized and unrealized gains (losses) on financial instruments, net ) Gains (losses) on transactions, net Tax sharing income (expense) with Liberty Broadband ) Other, net ) ) Earnings (loss) from continuing operations before income taxes ) Revenue by Geographic Area The following table summarizes net revenue generated by subsidiaries located within the identified geographic areas: Japan Germany Other foreign countries Long-lived Assets by Geographic Area Japan Germany Other foreign countries 
 II-75 

Table Contents 
 PART III The following required information is incorporated by reference to our definitive proxy statement for our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders presently scheduled to be held in the second quarter of 2023: Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance Item 11. Executive Compensation Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services We expect to file our definitive proxy statement for our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders with the Securities and Exchange Commission on or before May 1, 2023. 
 III-1 

Table of Contents 
 PART IV . Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules . (a)(1) Financial Statements Included in Part II of this report: Page No. Qurate Retail, Inc.: Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm , , Auditor Firm ID: II-24 II-26 Consolidated Balance Sheets, December 31, 2022 and 2021 II-28 Consolidated Statements of Operations, Years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 II-30 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Earnings (loss), Years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 II-31 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, Years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 II-32 Consolidated Statements of Equity, Years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 II-33 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 II-34 (a)(2) Financial Statement Schedules (i) All schedules have been omitted because they are not applicable, not material or the required information is set forth in the financial statements or notes thereto. 
 (a)(3) Exhibits Listed below are the exhibits which are filed as a part of this Report (according to the number assigned to them in Item 601 of Regulation S-K): 

3 - Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws: 3.1 Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Registrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to Amendment No. 5 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form 8-A filed on May 24, 2018 (File No. 001-33982) (the 2018 Form 8-A )). 3.2 Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Registrant, as amended effective April 9, 2018 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 10, 2018 (File No. 001-33982)). 3.3 Certificate of Designations of 8.0 Series A Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock (incorporated by reference Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 26, 2020 (File No. 001-33982). 4 - Instruments Defining the Rights of Securities Holders, including Indentures: 4.1 Form of Specimen certificate for shares of the Registrant s Series A common stock, par value .01 per share (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the 2018 Form 8-A). 
 IV-1 

Table of Contents 
 4.2 Form of Specimen certificate for shares of the Registrant s Series B common stock, par value .01 per share (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the 2018 Form 8-A). 4.3 Specimen Certificate for shares of 8.0 Series A Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form 8-A filed on August 27, 2020 (File No. 001-33982)). 4.4 Description of the Registrant s Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.4 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2020 filed on February 26, 2021 (File No. 001-33982)(the 2020 Form 10-K )). 4.5 The Registrant undertakes to furnish to the Securities and Exchange Commission, upon request, a copy of all instruments with respect to long-term debt not filed herewith. 10 - Material Contracts: 10.1 Liberty Interactive Corporation 2007 Incentive Plan (As Amended and Restated Effective November 7, 2011) (the 2007 Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2011 filed on November 8, 2011 (File No. 001-33982) (the Liberty 2011 10-Q )). + 10.2 Amendment to the 2007 Incentive Plan (effective as of August 5, 2013) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2013 filed on November 5, 2013 (File No. 001-33982) (the Liberty 2013 10-Q )). + 10.3 Liberty Interactive Corporation 2010 Incentive Plan (As Amended and Restated Effective November 7, 2011) (the 2010 Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the Liberty 2011 10-Q). + 10.4 Amendment to the 2010 Incentive Plan (effective August 5, 2013) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Liberty 2013 10-Q). + 10.5 Liberty Interactive Corporation 2011 Nonemployee Director Incentive Plan (amended and restated as of December 17, 2015) (the 2011 Directors Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 filed on February 26, 2016 (File No. 001-33982) (the Liberty 2015 10-K )). + 10.6 Liberty Interactive Corporation 2012 Incentive Plan (Amended and Restated as of March 31, 2015) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended on March 31, 2015 filed on May 8, 2015 (File No. 001-33982)). + 10.7 Liberty Interactive Corporation 2016 Omnibus Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Annex A to the Registrant s Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A filed on July 8, 2016 (File No. 001-33982)). + 10.8 Form of Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.13 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2013 filed on February 28, 2014 (File No. 001-33982) (the Liberty 2013 10-K )). + 
 IV-2 

Table of Contents 
 10.9 Form of Restricted Stock Award Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.14 to the Liberty 2013 10-K). + 10.10 Form of Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement under the 2007 Incentive Plan and the 2010 Incentive Plan [for certain designated award recipients] (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.16 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2011 filed on February 23, 2012 (File No. 001-33982) (the Liberty 2011 10-K )). + 10.11 Form of Restricted Stock Award Agreement under the 2007 Incentive Plan and the 2010 Incentive Plan [for certain designated award recipients] (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.19 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2009 filed on February 25, 2010 (File No. 001-33982) (the Liberty 2009 10-K)). + 10.12 Form of Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement under the 2011 Directors Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.19 to the Liberty 2011 10-K). + 10.13 Form of Restricted Stock Award Agreement under the 2011 Directors Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.20 to the Liberty 2011 10-K). + 10.14 Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement under the 2007 Incentive Plan for Michael George dated March 2, 2011 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.22 to the Liberty 2011 10-K). + 10.15 Amended and Restated Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement under the 2007 Incentive Plan for Gregory B. Maffei (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended June 30, 2012 filed on August 8, 2012 (File No. 001-33982)). + 10.16 Employment Agreement between Michael George and QVC, Inc., effective December 16, 2015 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.23 to the Liberty 2015 10-K). + 10.17 First Amendment to Employment Agreement, effective as of November 17, 2020, by and between Michael George and QVC, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 17, 2020 (File No. 001-33982)). + 10.18 Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement under the Liberty Interactive Corporation 2010 Incentive Plan for Gregory B. Maffei, effective December 24, 2014 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended June 30, 2015 filed on August 5, 2015 (File No. 001-33982)). + 10.19 Form of Indemnification Agreement between the Registrant and its executive officers/directors (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.29 to the Liberty 2011 10-K). 10.20 Services Agreement, dated as of September 23, 2011, by and between Liberty Interactive Corporation and Liberty Media Corporation (as assignee of Starz (f/k/a Liberty Media Corporation)) (the Services Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Starz S-4). 10.21 Indenture dated as of March 18, 2013 among QVC, Inc., the guarantors party thereto and U.S. Bank National Association (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended March 31, 2013 filed on May 9, 2013 (File No. 333-184501)). 
 IV-3 

Table of Contents 
 10.22 Form of the Indenture dated as of March 18, 2014 among QVC, Inc., the guarantors party thereto and U.S. Bank National Association (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to QVC Inc. s Registration Statement on Form S-4 filed on April 30, 2014 (File No. 333-195586)). 10.23 Indenture dated as of August 21, 2014 among QVC, Inc., the guarantors party thereto and U.S. Bank National Association (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to QVC Inc. s Registration Statement on Form S-4 filed on October 10, 2014 (File No. 333-199254)). 10.24 Fourth Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of December 31, 2018, among QVC, Inc. and zulily, llc, as Borrowers, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Lead Arranger, Lead Bookrunner and Administrative Agent and the parties named therein as Lenders, Co-Bookrunners, Co-Syndication Agents and Co-Documentation Agents (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to QVC Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 4, 2019 (File No. 001-38654)). 10.25 Liberty Interactive Corporation Nonemployee Director Deferred Compensation Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended on March 31, 2015 filed on May 8, 2015 (File No. 001-33982)). + 10.26 zulily, inc. 2009 Equity Incentive Plan, as amended (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to zulily, inc. s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on October 8, 2013 (File No. 333-191617)). + 10.27 zulily, inc. 2013 Equity Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to Amendment No. 1 to zulily, inc. s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on October 17, 2013 (File No. 333-191617)). + 10.28 Form of Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.48 to the Liberty 2015 10-K). + 10.29 Form of Restricted Stock Award Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.49 to the Liberty 2015 10-K). + 10.30 Form of 2017 Performance-based Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (QVCB) under the Liberty Interactive Corporation 2016 Omnibus Incentive Plan (the 2016 Incentive Plan for Gregory B. Maffei (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2017 filed on November 9, 2017 (File No. 001-33982) (the 2017 Q3 10-Q )) . + 10.31 Form of 2017 Term Option Agreement under the 2016 Incentive Plan for Gregory B. Maffei (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the 2017 Q3 10-Q). + 10.32 Form of 2017 Performance-based Restricted Stock Unit Agreement under the 2016 Incentive Plan for certain officers other than the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Legal Officer (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the 2017 Q3 10-Q). + 10.33 Form of Restricted Stock Units Agreement under the 2016 Incentive Plan for Nonemployee Directors (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the 2017 Q3 10-Q). + 10.34 Form of Nonqualified Stock Option Agreement under the 2016 Incentive Plan for Nonemployee Directors (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the 2017 Q3 10-Q). + 
 IV-4 

Table of Contents 
 10.35 HSN, Inc. Second Amended and Restated 2008 Stock and Annual Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.13 to HSN, Inc. s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2013 filed on February 20, 2014 (File No. 01-34061)). + 10.36 HSN, Inc. 2017 Omnibus Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Annex A of HSN, Inc. s 2017 Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A filed on April 10, 2017 (File No. 01-34061)). + 10.37 Letter Agreement between Liberty Interactive Corporation and Liberty Media Corporation relating to the Services Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.60 to Liberty Media Corporation s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2017 filed on February 28, 2018 (File No. 001-35707)). 10.38 Amendment, dated March 13, 2018, of certain Liberty Interactive Corporation incentive plans (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2018 file on May 10, 2018 (File No. 001-33982)).+ 10.39 Tax Sharing Agreement, dated as of March 9, 2018, by and between Liberty Interactive Corporation and GCI Liberty, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to GCI Liberty, Inc s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 14, 2018 (File No. 001-38385) (the GCI March 8-K )). 10.40 Indemnification Agreement, dated as of March 9, 2018, by and among Liberty Interactive Corporation, GCI Liberty, Inc., Liberty Interactive LC and LV Bridge, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the GCI March 8-K). 10.41 Performance-Based Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement under the Qurate Retail, Inc. 2016 Omnibus Incentive Plan for Michael George (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2018 filed on November 9, 2018 (File No. 001-33982) (the Liberty 2018 Q3 10-Q )).+ 10.42 Nonqualified Stock Option Agreement under the Qurate Retail, Inc. 2016 Omnibus Incentive Plan for Michael George (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Liberty 2018 Q3 10-Q).+ 10.43 Indenture, dated September 13, 2018, by and among QVC, Inc., Affiliate Investment, Inc., Affiliate Relations Holdings, Inc., AMI 2, Inc., ER Marks, Inc., QVC Global Holdings I, Inc., QVC Global Holdings II, Inc., QVC Rocky Mount, Inc., QVC San Antonio, LLC and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to QVC, Inc. s Form 8-A filed on September 13, 2018 (File No. 001-38654) (the 2018 QVC Form 8-A )). 10.44 First Supplemental Indenture, dated September 13, 2018, by and among QVC, Inc., Affiliate Investment, Inc., Affiliate Relations Holdings, Inc., AMI 2, Inc., ER Marks, Inc., QVC Global Holdings I, Inc., QVC Global Holdings II, Inc., QVC Rocky Mount, Inc., QVC San Antonio, LLC and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the 2018 QVC Form 8-A). 10.45 Form of QVC, Inc. 6.375 Senior Secured Notes due 2067 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the 2018 QVC Form 8-A). 10.46 Second Supplemental Indenture, dated November 26, 2019, by and among QVC, Inc., Affiliate Investment, Inc., Affiliate Relations Holdings, Inc., AMI 2, Inc., ER Marks, Inc., QVC Global Holdings I, Inc., QVC Global Holdings II, Inc., QVC Rocky Mount, Inc., QVC San Antonio, LLC, QVC Deutschland GP, Inc., HSN, Inc., HSNi, LLC, HSN Holding LLC, AST Sub, Inc., Home Shopping Network En Espanol, L.L.C., Home Shopping Network En Espanol, L.P., H.O.T. Networks Holdings (Delaware) LLC, HSN of Nevada LLC, Ingenious Designs LLC, NLG Merger Corp., Ventana Television, Inc., and Ventana Television Holdings, Inc., as guarantors, and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to QVC, Inc. s Form 8-A filed on November 26, 2019 (File No. 001-38654) (the 2019 QVC Form 8-A )). 10.47 Form of 6.250 Senior Secured Notes due 2068 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the 2019 QVC Form 8-A). 
 IV-5 

Table of Contents 
 10.48 Form of Amended and Restated Indemnification Agreement between the Registrant and its executive officers/directors (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended March 31, 2019 filed on May 10, 2019 (File No. 001-33982)). 10.49 Form of First Amendment to Services Agreement, effective as of December 13, 2019, between Liberty Media Corporation and Qurate Retail, Inc., Liberty Broadband Corporation, GCI Liberty, Inc. and Liberty TripAdvisor Holdings, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.62 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2019 filed on February 26, 2020 (File No. 001-33982)).+ 10.50 Executive Employment Agreement, dated effective as of December 13, 2019, between Liberty Media Corporation and Gregory B. Maffei (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Liberty Media Corporation s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 19, 2019 (File No. 001-35707)). + 10.51 Form of Annual Option Award Agreement between the Registrant and Gregory B. Maffei under the Qurate Retail, Inc. 2016 Omnibus Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 19, 2019 (File No. 001-33982) (the December 2019 8-K )). + 10.52 Form of Annual Performance-based Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement between the Registrant and Gregory B. Maffei under the Qurate Retail, Inc. 2016 Omnibus Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the December 2019 8-K). + 10.53 Form of Upfront Award Agreement between the Registrant and Gregory B. Maffei under the Qurate Retail, Inc. 2016 Omnibus Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the December 2019 8-K). + 10.54 Third Supplemental Indenture, dated February 4, 2020, by and among QVC, Inc., Affiliate Investment, Inc., Affiliate Relations Holdings, Inc., AMI 2, Inc., ER Marks, Inc., QVC Global Holdings I, Inc., QVC Global Holdings II, Inc., QVC Rocky Mount, Inc., QVC San Antonio, LLC, QVC Deutschland GP, Inc., HSN, Inc., HSNi, LLC, HSN Holding LLC, AST Sub, Inc., Home Shopping Network En Espanol, L.L.C., Home Shopping Network En Espanol, L.P., H.O.T. Networks Holdings (Delaware) LLC, HSN of Nevada LLC, Ingenious Designs LLC, NLG Merger Corp., Ventana Television, Inc., and Ventana Television Holdings, Inc., as guarantors, and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to QVC Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-38654) filed on February 4, 2020 (the February 2020 Form 8-K )). 10.55 Form of 4.75 Senior Secured Notes due 2027 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the February 2020 Form 8-K). 10.56 Qurate Retail, Inc. 2020 Omnibus Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Annex A to the Registrant s Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A filed on April 14, 2020 (File No. 001-33982)). + 10.57 Fourth Supplemental Indenture, dated August 20, 2020, by and among QVC, Inc., Affiliate Investment, Inc., Affiliate Relations Holdings, Inc., AMI 2, Inc., ER Marks, Inc., QVC Global Holdings I, Inc., QVC Global Holdings II, Inc., QVC Rocky Mount, Inc., QVC San Antonio, LLC, QVC Deutschland GP, Inc., HSN, Inc., HSNi, LLC, HSN Holding LLC, AST Sub, Inc., Home Shopping Network En Espanol, L.L.C., Home Shopping Network En Espanol, L.P., H.O.T. Networks Holdings (Delaware) LLC, HSN of Nevada LLC, Ingenious Designs LLC, NLG Merger Corp., Ventana Television, Inc., and Ventana Television Holdings, Inc., as guarantors, and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 20, 2020 (File No. 001-38654) (the August 2020 Form 8-K )). 10.58 Form of 4.375 Senior Secured Notes due 2028 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the August 2020 Form 8-K). 10.59 Form of Nonqualified Stock Option Agreement under the Qurate Retail, Inc. 2020 Omnibus Incentive Plan, as amended from time to time, for Nonemployee Directors (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.67 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2020 filed on February 26, 2021 (File No. 001-33982)(the 2020 Form 10-K )).+ 
 IV-6 

Table of Contents 
 10.60 Form of Restricted Stock Units Agreement under the Qurate Retail, Inc. 2020 Omnibus Incentive Plan, as amended from time to time, for Nonemployee Directors (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.68 to the 2020 Form 10-K).+ 10.61 Form of Nonqualified Stock Option Agreement under the Qurate Retail, Inc. 2020 Omnibus Incentive Plan, as amended from time to time, for certain officers (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.69 to the 2020 Form 10-K).+ 10.62 Form of Performance-Based Restricted Stock Units Agreement under the Qurate Retail, Inc. 2020 Omnibus Incentive Plan, as amended from time to time, for certain officers (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2021 filed on May 7, 2021 (File No. 001-33982) (the March 2021 Form 10-Q )).+ 10.63 Form of Restricted Stock Units Agreement under the Qurate Retail, Inc. 2020 Omnibus Incentive Plan, as amended from time to time, for Michael George (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the March 2021 Form 10-Q ).+ 10.64 Stock Exchange Agreement, dated June 3, 2021, among John C. Malone, Leslie A. Malone, The John C. Malone 1995 Revocable Trust, The Leslie A. Malone 1995 Revocable Trust, The Tracy M. Neal Trust A, The Evan D. Malone Trust A and Qurate Retail, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 4, 2021 (File No. 001-33982) (the June 2021 8-K )). 10.65 Stock Exchange Agreement, dated June 3, 2021, between Gregory B. Maffei and Qurate Retail, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the June 2021 8-K). 10.66 Waiver Letter and Amendment of Employment Agreement, dated June 3, 2021, among Gregory B. Maffei, Liberty Media Corporation and Qurate Retail, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the June 2021 8-K). + 10.67 Restricted Share Award Agreement under the Qurate Retail, Inc. 2020 Omnibus Incentive Plan, as amended, dated as of June 3, 2021, by and between Qurate Retail, Inc. and Gregory B. Maffei. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the June 2021 8-K).+ 10.68 Employment Agreement, effective as of July 12, 2021, by and between David Rawlinson and Qurate Retail, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 13, 2021 (File No. 001-33982)).+ 10.69 Form of Performance-Based Restricted Stock Units Agreement under the Qurate Retail, Inc. 2020 Omnibus Incentive Plan, as amended from time to time, for Michael George (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2021 filed on August 6, 2021 (File No. 001-33982).+ 10.70 Fifth Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of October 27, 2021, among QVC, Inc., Zulily, LLC, QVC Global Corporate Holdings, LLC and Cornerstone Brands, Inc., as Borrowers, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Lead Arranger, Lead Bookrunner and Administrative Agent and the parties named therein as Lenders, Co-Bookrunners, Co-Syndication Agents and Co-Documentation Agents (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to QVC, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 28, 2021 (File No. 001-38654)). 21 Subsidiaries of Qurate Retail, Inc. 23.1 Consent of KPMG LLP. 31.1 Rule 13a-14(a)/15d - 14(a) Certification. 31.2 Rule 13a-14(a)/15d - 14(a) Certification. 32 Section 1350 Certification. 
 IV-7 

Table of Contents 
 99.1 Reconciliation of Qurate Retail, Inc. Net Assets and Net Earnings to Liberty Interactive LLC Net Assets and Net Earnings. 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Calculation Linkbase Document. 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Label Linkbase Document. 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Presentation Linkbase Document. 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Definition Document. 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 

 Filed herewith. Furnished herewith. + This document has been identified as a management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. Item 16. Form 10-K Summary . Not applicable. 
 IV-8 

Table of Contents 
 SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. QURATE RETAIL, INC. Date: March 1, 2023 By /s/ DAVID RAWLINSON II David Rawlinson II Chief Executive Officer and President Date: March 1, 2023 By /s/ BRIAN J. WENDLING Brian J. Wendling Chief Accounting Officer and Principal Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities and on the date indicated. 

Signature Title Date /s/Gregory B. Maffei Chairman of the Board and Director March 1, 2023 Gregory B. Maffei /s/David Rawlinson II Chief Executive Officer, President and Director March 1, 2023 David Rawlinson II /s/Brian J. Wendling Chief Accounting Officer and Principal Financial Officer March 1, 2023 Brian J. Wendling (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) /s/Richard N. Barton Director March 1, 2023 Richard N. Barton /s/John C. Malone Director March 1, 2023 John C. Malone /s/M. Ian G. Gilchrist Director March 1, 2023 M. Ian G. Gilchrist /s/Evan D. Malone Director March 1, 2023 Evan D. Malone /s/Larry E. Romrell Director March 1, 2023 Larry E. Romrell /s/ Andrea L. Wong Director March 1, 2023 Andrea L. Wong /s/Fiona P. Dias Director March 1, 2023 Fiona P. Dias 
 IV-9 

<EX-21>
 2
 qrtea-20221231xex21.htm
 EX-21

Exhibit 21 As of December 31, 2022 A table of subsidiaries of Qurate Retail, Inc. is set forth below, indicating as to each the state or jurisdiction of organization and the names under which such subsidiaries do business. Subsidiaries not included in the table are inactive or, considered in the aggregate as a single subsidiary, would not constitute a significant subsidiary. 

Entity Name Domicile Affiliate Distribution Mktg., Inc. (fka Affiliate Sales Marketing, Inc.) DE Affiliate Investment, Inc. DE Affiliate Relations Holdings, Inc. DE AMI 2, Inc. DE Ballard Designs, Inc. GA Cinmar, LLC DE Contract D cor, Inc. DE Cornerstone Brands, Inc. DE Cornerstone Shared Services, LLC (fka Cornerstone Services, Inc.) DE Diamonique Canada Holdings, Inc. DE DMS DE, Inc. DE ER Development International, Inc. (dba QVC International Development) PA ER Marks, Inc. DE Frontgate Marketing, Inc. DE Garnet Hill, Inc. NH GC Marks, Inc. (fka TATV, Inc.) DE Home Shopping Espanol (Mexico) S. de R.L. de C.V. Mexico Home Shopping Network En Espanol, L.L.C. DE Home Shopping Network En Espanol, L.P. DE HSN Catalog Services, Inc. DE 

HSN Holding LLC DE HSN Improvements, LLC DE HSN, Inc. DE HSNi, LLC DE IC Marks, Inc. DE IM Experience, Inc. PA Ingenious Designs LLC DE Innovative Retailing, Inc. DE Liberty Interactive LLC DE Liberty QVC Holding, LLC DE Liberty USA Holdings, LLC DE NLG Merger Corp. DE NSTBC, Inc. DE QC Marks, Inc. DE QHealth, Inc. DE QLocal, Inc. (fka QVC Local, Inc.) (dba QVC Productions; QVC Remote Productions) DE QRI Cornerstone, Inc. DE Qurate Digital Ventures, LLC DE Qurate Retail Group, Inc. DE Qurate SCOR, LLC DE QVC Britain UK QVC Call Center GmbH Co. KG Germany QVC Call Center V rwaltungs-GmbH Germany QVC Chesapeake, LLC (fka QVC Chesapeake, Inc.) VA QVC China Holdings Limited (fka Pier Success Investments Limited) Hong Kong QVC China Licensing, Inc. (fka AI 2, Inc.) DE 

QVC China, Inc. DE QVC Delaware LLC DE QVC Delaware Holdings, Inc. DE QVC eDistribution LLC Co. KG (fka QVC eDistribution Inc. Co. KG) Germany QVC eService LLC Co. KG (fka QVC eService Inc. Co. KG) Germany QVC France Holdings, S. .r.l. (fka QVC Brazil Holdings I, S. .r.l.) Luxembourg QVC France SAS France QVC GCH Company, LLC DE QVC Germany I S. r.l. (fka QVC Germany I, Inc. and QVC Germany I LLC) Luxembourg QVC Germany II S. r.l. (fka QVC Germany II, Inc. and QVC Germany I LLC) Luxembourg QVC Global DDGS, Inc. DE QVC Global Corporate Holdings, LLC DE QVC Global Holdings I, Inc. DE QVC Global Markets S. r.l. Luxembourg QVC Grundst cksverwaltungs GmbH Germany QVC Handel S. r.l. Co. KG (fka QVC International Management LLC Co. KG; QVC Handel LLC Co. KG) Germany QVC HK Holdings, LLC DE QVC Iberia, S.L. Spain QVC India, Ltd. DE QVC International Holdings S. r.l. Luxembourg QVC (Barbados) International Finance SRL Barbados QVC International Management GP S. r.l. Luxembourg QVC Italia S.r.l. Italy QVC Italy Holdings, LLC DE QVC Japan Services, LLC (fka QVC Japan Services, Inc.) DE 

QVC Japan, Inc. Japan QVC Northeast LLC DE QVC Ontario Holdings, LLC DE QVC Ontario, LLC DE Qurate Retail Global Business Services SP. z.o.o. Poland QVC Realty, LLC (fka QVC Realty, Inc.) PA QVC Rocky Mount, Inc. NC QVC San Antonio, LLC (fka QVC San Antonio, Inc.) TX QVC Satellite, Inc. Japan QVC (Shanghai) Management Co., Ltd China QVC Shop International, Inc. (fka EZShop International, Inc.) DE QVC SPFO SARL (LUXEMBOURG) Luxembourg QVC St. Lucie, Inc. FL QVC Suisse Finance GmbH Switzerland QVC Suisse Holdings GmbH Switzerland QVC Suffolk, LLC (fka QVC Suffolk, Inc.; CVN Distribution Co., Inc.; C.O.M.B. Distribution Co.) VA QVC Trading (Shanghai) Co., Ltd. China QVC Trading (Shenzhen) Co., Ltd. China QVC UK (fka QVC) UK QVC UK Holdings Limited England-Wales QVC Vendor Development Inc. DE QVC, Inc. DE RQ Holdings Corp. Canada Shopping Holdings, LLC DE The Cornerstone Brands Group, Inc. DE 

The Cornerstone Holdings Group, Inc. DE Triple Z Logistics Inc. DE Ventana Television Holdings, Inc. DE Ventana Television, Inc. DE zulily Australia Pty, Ltd. Australia zulily Canada, Inc. British Columbia zulily Hong Kong Limited Hong Kong zulily (Shenzhen) Commercial Consulting Co., Ltd. China zulily Ireland Limited Ireland zulily UK Ltd. UK Zulily, LLC (fka zulily, llc and Ziggy Merger Sub, LLC) DE 

</EX-21>

<EX-23.1>
 3
 qrtea-20221231xex23d1.htm
 EX-23.1

Exhibit 23.1 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm We consent to the incorporation by reference in the registration statements Nos. 333- 134114, 333-134115, 333-142626, 333-171192, 333-171193, 333-172512, 333-176989, 333-177840, 333-177841, 333-177842, 333-184901, 333-184904, 333-184902, 333-201010, 333-202436, 333-207326, 333-209872, 333-210662, 333-214681, 333-222062, 333-222344, 333-229974, 333-235370, 333-248988, 333-253831, 333-256745 on Form S-8 of our reports dated March 1, 2023 , with respect to the consolidated financial statements of Qurate Retail, Inc. and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting . /s/ KPMG LLP Denver, Colorado March 1, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 qrtea-20221231xex31d1.htm
 EX-31.1

Exhibit 31.1 CERTIFICATION I, David Rawlinson II, certify that: 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Qurate Retail, Inc.;
 2. Based on my knowledge, this annual report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this annual report;
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements and other financial information included in this annual report fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this annual report;
 4. The registrant s other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and we have:
 
 a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this annual report is being prepared;
 b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;
 c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this annual report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this annual report based on such evaluation; and
 d) disclosed in this annual report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and
 5. The registrant s other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent function):
 
 a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and
 b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.
 Date: March 1, 2023 

/s/DAVID RAWLINSON II David Rawlinson II Chief Executive Officer and President 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 qrtea-20221231xex31d2.htm
 EX-31.2

Exhibit 31.2 CERTIFICATION I, Brian J. Wendling, certify that: 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Qurate Retail, Inc.;
 2. Based on my knowledge, this annual report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this annual report;
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements and other financial information included in this annual report fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this annual report;
 4. The registrant s other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and we have:
 
 a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this annual report is being prepared;
 b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;
 c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this annual report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this annual report based on such evaluation; and
 d) disclosed in this annual report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and
 5. The registrant s other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent function):
 
 a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and
 b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.
 Date: March 1, 2023 

/s/ BRIAN J. WENDLING 

Brian J. Wendling Chief Accounting Officer and Principal Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32>
 6
 qrtea-20221231xex32.htm
 EX-32

Exhibit 32 Certification Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (Subsections (a) and (b) of Section 1350, Chapter 63 of Title 18, United States Code) Pursuant to section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (subsections (a) and (b) of section 1350, chapter 63 of title 18, United States Code), each of the undersigned officers of Qurate Retail, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company ), does hereby certify, to such officer s knowledge, that: The Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 (the Form 10-K of the Company fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and information contained in the Form 10-K fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: March 1, 2023 

/s/ DAVID RAWLINSON II 

David Rawlinson II Chief Executive Officer and President 

 Date: March 1, 2023 

/s/ BRIAN J. WENDLING 

Brian J. Wendling Chief Accounting Officer and Principal Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 

The foregoing certification is being furnished solely pursuant to section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (subsections (a) and (b) of section 1350, chapter 63 of title 18, United States Code) and is not being filed as part of the Form 10-K or as a separate disclosure document. 

</EX-32>

<EX-99.1>
 7
 qrtea-20221231xex99d1.htm
 EX-99.1

Exhibit 99. 1 Qurate Retail, Inc. Reconciliation of Qurate Retail, Inc. Qurate Retail Net Assets and Net Earnings to Liberty Interactive LLC Liberty LLC Net Assets and Net Earnings December 31, 2022 (unaudited) amounts in millions 

Qurate Retail Net Assets 525 Reconciling items: Zulily, LLC Zulily net assets (57) Cornerstone Brands, Inc. Cornerstone net assets (1) (253) Cash held by Qurate Retail (500) Equity investment in Cornerstone held by Liberty LLC (1) 90 Tax sharing agreement with GCI Liberty, Inc. 7 Preferred Stock liability (2) 1,266 Preferred restricted stock unit liability (2) 24 Accrued preferred dividends payable (2) 4 Liberty LLC Net Assets 1,106 Qurate Retail Net Earnings (2,532) Reconciling items: Zulily net (earnings) loss 470 Cornerstone net (earnings) loss (1) (38) Cornerstone equity method investment share of earnings (loss) 14 GCI Liberty, Inc. tax sharing expense (79) Accrued preferred dividends payable (2) 102 Liberty LLC Net Earnings (2,063) 
 (1) On December 29, 2017, Qurate Retail acquired the approximate remaining 62 of HSN, Inc. (which includes its televised shopping business HSN and its catalog retail business Cornerstone it did not already own. On December 31, 2018, Qurate Retail transferred their 100 ownership interest in HSN to QVC, Inc. through a transaction amongst entities under common control and based on the guidance for accounting for transactions amongst entities under common control HSN s results have been excluded for the entire period. Liberty LLC continues to hold 38 of Cornerstone and accounts for its ownership in Cornerstone as an equity method investment. (2) On September 14, 2020, Qurate Retail issued the 8.0 Series A Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock, par value 0.01 per share (the Preferred Stock ). Holders of the Preferred Stock are entitled to receive quarterly cash dividends at a fixed rate of 8.0 per year on a cumulative basis, beginning December 15, 2020 and thereafter on each of March 15, June 15, September 15 and December 15 during the term. As the Preferred Stock is subject to unconditional mandatory redemption in cash and was issued in the form of a share, Qurate Retail concluded the Preferred Stock was a mandatorily redeemable financial instrument and should be classified as a liability in the consolidated balance sheets. 

</EX-99.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 qrtea-20221231.xsd
 EX-101.SCH

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 qrtea-20221231_def.xml
 EX-101.DEF

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 qrtea-20221231_lab.xml
 EX-101.LAB

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 qrtea-20221231_pre.xml
 EX-101.PRE

</EX-101.PRE>

