<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230313_10-K_edgar_data_1850787_0001213900-23-019302.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>9899699</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>223430</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1248022</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3264323</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1961135</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2858293</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>13</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-23-019302.hdr.sgml : 20230313
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230310183353
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-23-019302
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		79
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230313
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230310

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Kayne DL 2021, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001850787
		IRS NUMBER:				862440860
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	814-01393
		FILM NUMBER:		23725185

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		811 MAIN STREET, 14TH FLOOR
		CITY:			HOUSTON
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			77002
		BUSINESS PHONE:		713-493-2020

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		811 MAIN STREET, 14TH FLOOR
		CITY:			HOUSTON
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			77002

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-23-019302.txt : 20230313

10-K
 1
 f10k2022_kaynedl2021.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

UNITED
STATES 

SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15 (d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the fiscal year ended , 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15 (d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

Commission
File Number: 

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or Other Jurisdiction of 
 Incorporation or Organization) 
 
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification
 No.) 

, ,
 , 

(Address of Principal Executive Offices) 
 
 (Zip Code) 

(Registrant s
telephone number, including area code) 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title
 of each class 
 
 Trading
 Symbol(s) 
 
 Name
 of each exchange on which registered 

None 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 

Common
Stock, par value 0.001 per share 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the past 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has
been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. 
 No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit such files). 
No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer , accelerated filer ,
 smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 
 
 Accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of
its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public
accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes 

As of March 9, 2023, the registrant had 
shares of common stock, 0.001 par value per share, issued and outstanding and there was no public market for the registrant s shares. 

Documents
Incorporated by Reference 

Kayne
DL 2021, Inc. will file with the Securities and Exchange Commission, not later than 120 days after the close of its fiscal year ended
December 31, 2022, a definitive proxy statement containing the information required to be disclosed under Part III of Form 10-K. 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

Page 

PART
 I 

Item 1. 
 Business 
 2 
 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk
 Factors 
 21 
 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved
 Staff Comments 
 53 
 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 53 
 
 Item 3. 
 Legal
 Proceedings 
 53 
 
 Item 4. 
 Mine
 Safety Disclosures 
 53 

PART
 II 

Item 5. 
 Market
 for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 54 
 
 Item 6. 
 [Reserved] 
 55 
 
 Item 7. 
 Management s
 Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 56 
 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative
 and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 66 
 
 Item 8. 
 Consolidated
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 F-1 
 
 Item 9. 
 Changes
 in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 67 
 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls
 and Procedures 
 67 
 
 Item 9B. 
 Other
 Information 
 67 
 
 Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions
 that Prevent Inspections 
 67 

PART
 III 

Item 10. 
 Directors,
 Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 68 
 
 Item 11. 
 Executive
 Compensation 
 68 
 
 Item 12. 
 Security
 Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 68 
 
 Item 13. 
 Certain
 Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 68 
 
 Item 14. 
 Principal
 Accounting Fees and Services 
 68 

PART
 IV 

Item 15. 
 Exhibits,
 Consolidated Financial Statements, and Schedules 
 69 
 
 Item 16. 
 Form
 10-K Summary 
 70 
 
 SIGNATURES 
 71 

i 

PART
I 

The following
discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with our financial statements and related notes and other financial information
appearing elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Except as otherwise specified, references to we, us, 
 our, or the Company refer to Kayne DL 2021, Inc., a Delaware corporation. We refer to KA Credit Advisors
II, LLC, our investment adviser, as our Advisor. The Advisor also serves as our administrator (the Administrator ).
We refer generally to Kayne Anderson Capital Advisors, L.P., an affiliate of the Advisor, as Kayne Anderson. 

Forward
Looking Statements 

This
Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements that involve substantial known and unknown risks, uncertainties
and other factors. Undue reliance should not be placed on such statements. These forward-looking statements are not historical facts,
but rather are based on current expectations, estimates and projections about the company, current and prospective portfolio investments,
the industry, beliefs and assumptions. Words such as anticipates, expects, intends, plans, 
 will, may, continue, believes, seeks, estimates, would, 
 could, should, targets, projects, and variations of these words and similar expressions
are intended to identify forward-looking statements. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to risks,
uncertainties and other factors, some of which are beyond control of the Company and difficult to predict and could cause actual results
to differ materially from those expressed or forecasted in the forward-looking statements, including: 

future operating results; 

business prospects and the prospects of portfolio companies; 

changes in political, economic or industry conditions, the interest
 rate environment or conditions affecting the financial and capital markets; 

the ability of KA Credit Advisors II, LLC (our Advisor to locate suitable investments and to monitor and administer investments; 

the ability of the Advisor and its affiliates to attract and
 retain highly talented professionals; 

risk associated with possible disruptions in operations or the
 economy generally; 

the timing of cash flows, if any, from the operations of the
 companies in which the Company invests; 

the dependence of the future success on the general economy
 and its effect on the industries in which the Company invests; 

the ability to maintain qualification as a business development
 company BDC and as a regulated investment company RIC under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended
 (the Code 

the use of
 borrowed money, if any, to finance a portion of the Company s investments; 

the adequacy,
 availability and pricing of financing sources, if any, and working capital for the Company; 

1 

actual or potential conflicts of interest with the Advisor and
 its affiliates; 

contractual arrangements and relationships with third parties; 

the risk associated with an economic downturn, increased inflation,
 political instability, interest rate volatility, loss of key personnel, and the illiquid nature of investments of the Company; and 

the risks, uncertainties and other factors the Company identifies
 under Part I Item 1A. Risk Factors and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

We
have based the forward-looking statements included in this report on information available to us on the date of this report. We assume
no obligation to update or revise publicly any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise,
except as required by law. Although we undertake no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statements, you are advised to
consult any additional disclosures that we may make directly to you or through reports that we have filed or in the future may file with
the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ), including annual reports on Form 10-K, registration
statements on Form 10, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and current reports on Form 8-K. 

Item 1.
Business 

Overview 

Kayne DL 2021,
Inc. was formed as a Delaware corporation to make investments in middle-market companies and commenced operations on December 16, 2021.
We are an externally managed, closed-end, non-diversified management investment company that has elected to be regulated
as a BDC under the 1940 Act. In addition, for U.S. federal income tax purposes, we intend to qualify, annually, as a RIC under Subchapter
M of the Code. 

We are managed
by KA Credit Advisors II, LLC (the Advisor which is an indirect subsidiary of Kayne Anderson Capital Advisors, L.P. KACALP 
or Kayne Anderson ). The Advisor is registered with the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC as an investment
advisor under the Investment Advisory Act of 1940, as amended. Subject to the overall supervision of the Company s board of directors
(the Board ), the Advisor is responsible for originating prospective investments, conducting research and due diligence investigations
on potential investments, analyzing investment opportunities, negotiating and structuring investments, determining the value of the investments
and monitoring its investments and portfolio companies on an ongoing basis. The Board consists of five directors, four of whom are independent. 

Investment
Objective and Strategy 

2 

Market
Opportunity 

The universe of middle market companies consists
of nearly 200,000 potential borrowers that we believe will continue to require access to debt capital to refinance existing debt, support
growth and finance acquisitions. Together, these businesses represent approximately one-third of the U.S. private sector GDP making them
equivalent to the size of the third largest economy in the world on a standalone basis and employing approximately 48 million people. 

The U.S. middle market includes businesses held under
an array of ownership structures including publicly and privately held companies, those held in trusts, sole proprietorships, etc. These
businesses are also, broadly speaking, geographically diverse and span almost all industries. Middle market companies outperformed through
the financial crisis (i.e., the 2007 2010 period) by adding 2.2 million jobs across major industry sectors and U.S. geographies,
demonstrating their importance to the overall health of the U.S. economy. More than three-quarters of middle market companies demonstrated
revenue growth in 2021 as compared to the prior year, and while the COVID rebound was not as strong as the rebound exhibited by the S P
500 Index, the downturn also was not as severe. 

Further, there is a large amount of uninvested
capital held by private equity funds focused on investing in middle market businesses. We expect these private equity firms will continue
to pursue acquisitions and to seek to fund a portion of these transactions with debt. 

We expect that a number of factors will continue
to drive strong demand for middle market senior credit, both by private equity owned and non-private equity owned companies, for the foreseeable
future, including: (i) primary market opportunities driven by a significant amount of unspent middle market private equity capital, (ii)
opportunities driven by a large need for the refinancing or restructuring of existing debt of healthy companies and (iii) supplemental
and growth capital opportunities. Meanwhile, the supply of capital to middle market borrowers is relatively constrained due to (i) a long-term
regulatory trend that has nearly eliminated bank participation in leveraged finance due to stricter federal leveraged lending guidelines,
(ii) consolidation of commercial banks over the last two decades, which has caused banks to abandon the middle market as they move up-market
to service larger clients, (iii) the continued up-market movement of select competitors that historically participated in middle market
financings and which now participate mostly in upper-middle market financings as target hold-sizes have increased and (iv) direct lending
increasing share relative to broadly syndicated deals and mezzanine financings. 

3 

Further, current economic and geopolitical
concerns have created a market dislocation in certain segments of lending markets globally with a lack of available capital to finance
transaction activity. We believe this has created a substantial enhancement of the relative risk-reward profile for non-liquid private
credit markets as an asset class, particularly for managers with a track record of investing through potentially uncertain economic times. 

First, inflationary concerns in the United
States have led the U.S. Federal Reserve to substantially increase rates, which have driven an increase in reference rates (e.g., LIBOR
or SOFR) underpinning the pricing structure of floating rate securities from under 1.0 at year-end 2021 to over 4.50 (3-month SOFR)
as of December 2022. This increase in reference rates inures to the benefit of lenders, increasing returns to investors. 

Second, global economic considerations (e.g.,
the risk of a near-term recessionary environment) driven in part by (i) the aforementioned inflationary environment and the U.S. Federal
Reserve s response thereto, (ii) continued supply chain constraints globally and (iii) uncertainty associated with the Russian /
Ukrainian conflict have created an environment in which lending institutions broadly have moderated activity. Most of this pull back has
occurred in the upper-middle and large syndicated markets. Regardless, there has been a trickle-down effect of (a) increased opportunities
for middle-market lenders to participate in larger transactions at attractive terms and (b) a general shift toward more lender-friendly
terms inclusive of more conservative structures, increased economics and tightening of documentation. 

While uncertainty associated with each of
the above factors exists, we believe that, in the hands of a team with experience managing capital through multiple historical economic
cycles, today s climate represents an opportune time to generate attractive risk-adjusted returns relative to nearly any asset class.
In addition to commanding higher pricing, principally due to illiquidity, directly negotiated middle market financings generally provide
for more favorable terms to lenders than broadly syndicated loans, including more conservative leverage ratios, stronger covenants and
reporting packages, better call protection, and more restrictive change-of-control provisions. 

The
credit investments that we hold in our portfolio generate what we believe are attractive yields, make quarterly interest payments to holders
and typically rank ahead of other debt instruments in the borrower s capital structure. The vast majority of our credit investments
are expected to be floating rate loans, providing a natural hedge against inflation in a higher interest rate environment. As a result
of Kayne Anderson s middle-market private credit team s focus on lending at more conservative debt multiples than the broader
market and to businesses that exhibit limited cyclicality, we believe that operating results for the Company s portfolio investments
will have minimal correlation to price changes in the broader equity markets. This lack of correlation to the broader equity markets,
combined with attractive yields on senior debt investments and downside protection as a result of our secured middle-market loans 
seniority in such company s capital structure, are some of the reasons we find private credit investments to be compelling for our
portfolio. 

Competition 

We
compete with a number of BDCs and investment funds (both public and private), commercial and investments banks, commercial financing companies
and, to the extent they provide an alternative form of financing, private equity and hedge funds. Many of our competitors are substantially
larger and have considerably greater financial and marketing resources than we do. We believe we are able to compete with these entities
primarily on the basis of the experience and contacts of our management team, our responsive and efficient investment analysis and decision-making
processes, the investment terms we offer, and our model of investing in companies participating in industries which we know well. 

We
believe that some of our competitors may make loans with interest rates that will be lower than the rates that we offer. We do not seek
to compete solely on the interest rates that we offer to potential portfolio companies. For additional information concerning competitive
risks, see Item 1A Risk Factors. 

Investment
Advisor 

Our
investment activities are managed by our Advisor, an investment advisor that is registered with the SEC under the Investment Advisers
Act of 1940, as amended (the Advisers Act ), under an investment advisory agreement between us and the Advisor (the Investment
Advisory Agreement ). Our Advisor is responsible for originating prospective investments, conducting research and due diligence
investigations on potential investments, analyzing investment opportunities, negotiating and structuring investments and monitoring our
investments and portfolio companies on an ongoing basis. While we do not have any employees, the Advisor and its affiliates have a team
of approximately 41 investment professionals who are primarily focused on private credit investments and liquid credit investments. The
investment team is supported by a team of finance, legal, compliance, operations and administrative professionals. 

The Advisor s
investment committee has overall responsibility for evaluating and approving the Company s investments, and its portfolio allocations,
subject to the oversight of our Board of Directors. The investment committee review process is intended to bring the diverse experience
and perspectives of the investment committee members to the analysis and consideration of every investment. The investment committee currently
consists of Terrence J. Quinn, Vice Chairman of Kayne Anderson; Paul S. Blank, President and Chief Operating Officer of Kayne Anderson;
James C. Baker, Jr., Co-Head of Liquid Energy Infrastructure at Kayne Anderson; Douglas L. Goodwillie, Co-Head of
Private Credit at Kayne Anderson; and Kenneth B. Leonard, Co-Head of Private Credit at Kayne Anderson. The investment committee
also determines appropriate investment sizing and mandates ongoing monitoring requirements. Douglas L. Goodwillie and Kenneth B. Leonard,
each a Co-Chief Investment Officer of the Company, are jointly and primarily responsible for the day-to-day management
of the Company s portfolio. 

In
addition to reviewing investments, the investment committee meetings serve as a forum to discuss credit views and outlooks. The investment
committee also reviews potential transactions and deal flow on a regular basis. Members of the deal team are encouraged to share information
and views on credit with the committee early in their analysis. We believe this process improves the quality of the analysis and enables
deal team members to work more efficiently. 

4 

The
Administrator 

Our
Advisor also serves as our administrator. Pursuant to an administration agreement (the Administration Agreement ), our Administrator
is responsible for providing or overseeing the performance of our required administrative services and professional services rendered
by others, which will include (but not limited to), accounting, payment of our expenses, legal, compliance, operations, technology and
investor relations, preparation and filing of our tax returns, and preparation of financial reports provided to our stockholders and filed
with the SEC. 

About
Kayne Anderson Capital Advisors, L.P. 

Founded
in 1984, Kayne Anderson is a leading alternative investment management firm which is registered with the SEC under the Advisers Act, focused
on real estate, credit, infrastructure/energy, renewables and growth capital. Kayne Anderson s investment philosophy is to pursue
niches, with an emphasis on cash flow, where its knowledge and sourcing advantages enable it to deliver above average, risk-adjusted investment
returns. As responsible stewards of capital, Kayne Anderson s investment philosophy extends to promoting responsible investment
practices and sustainable business practices to create long-term value for its investors. 

As
of December 31, 2022, investment vehicles managed or advised by Kayne Anderson had over 32 billion in assets under management
for institutional investors, family offices, high net worth and retail clients. Kayne Anderson has 335 professionals located across five
offices across the U.S. The firm has approximately 140 investment professionals, 41 of which are dedicated to credit investing. 

Kayne
Anderson s credit platform operates various fund vehicles that pursue investment opportunities across several investment strategies.
As of December 31, 2022, the platform managed over 9 billion in credit assets across three main strategies: 

middle-market private credit (targeting
 senior secured loans, unitranche loans and opportunistic credit investments), 

liquid credit (investing in broadly
 syndicated leveraged loans and high yield bonds), and 

real estate private credit (targeting
 debt investments secured by real estate assets). 

This
integrated and scaled platform combines direct origination, strong fundamental credit analysis and relative-value perspective. 

Private
Offerings 

We
conduct private offerings of our Common Stock to investors in reliance on exemptions from the registration requirements of the Securities
Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ). At the closing of any private offering, each investor will make a capital
commitment (a Capital Commitment to purchase shares of our Common Stock Shares pursuant to a subscription
agreement (the Subscription Agreement entered into with us. Investors will be required to fund drawdowns to purchase Shares
up to the amount of their respective Capital Commitments each time we deliver a notice to the investors. We commenced our loan origination
and investment activities contemporaneously with the initial drawdown from investors in the private offering on December 16, 2021 (the
 Initial Closing ). Following the Initial Closing with three investors (the Initial Investors ), our investment
adviser may permit one or more additional closings of the private offering. All purchases will generally be made pro rata in accordance
with the investors Capital Commitments, at a per-Share price as determined by our Board of Directors as of a date that
is immediately prior to the date of the applicable drawdown. The per-Share price will be at least equal to net asset value,
or NAV, per share in accordance with the limitations under Section 23 of the 1940 Act. 

Our
initial private offering of Shares was conducted in reliance on Regulation D under the Securities Act Regulation D ). Each
of our Initial Investors was an accredited investor as defined in Regulation D of the Securities Act. The criteria required
of Regulation D may not apply to investors in subsequent offerings. 

5 

Our
Initial Closing of the private offering was on December 16, 2021. Additional closings may occur
from time to time as determined by us. We reserve the right to conduct additional offerings of securities in the future to investors unaffiliated
with the Initial Investors, but such offerings will be subject to the consent or approval of the holders of the majority of the Company s
then outstanding Shares. In the event that we enter into a Subscription Agreement with one or more investors after the Initial Closing,
each such investor will be required to make purchases of Shares (each, a Catch-up Purchase on one or more dates
to be determined by us. The aggregate purchase amount of any Catch-up Purchase will be equal to an amount necessary to ensure
that, upon payment of the aggregate purchase amount, such investor will have contributed the same percentage of its Capital Commitment
to us as all investors whose subscriptions were accepted at previous closings. Catch-up Purchases will be made at a per-Share price
as determined by our Board of Directors prior to the date of the applicable drawdown, or such other date as may be required to comply
with the provisions of the 1940 Act. In order to more fairly allocate organizational expenses among all of our stockholders, investors
subscribing after the Initial Closing will be required to pay a price per Share above net asset value reflecting a variety of factors,
including, without limitation, the total amount of our organizational and other expenses. 

As of March 9, 2023, we had entered
into subscription agreements with investors for an aggregate capital commitment of 353.3 million to purchase shares of common stock 225.5
million is undrawn). 

We
conducted the following private offerings of our common stock associated with these subscription agreements during the year ended December
31, 2022. 

Capital
 call notice date 
 
 Common
 stock issue date 
 
 Common
 stock shares issued 

Aggregate 
 offering amount in millions) 

June 15, 2022 
 
 June 29, 2022 

1,996 

10.0 

October 3, 2022 
 
 October 14, 2022 

4,933 

25.0 

November 28, 2022 
 
 December 9, 2022 

4,803 

25.0 

Total common
 stock issued 

11,732 

60.0 

Commitment
Period 

Upon
the conclusion of the five-year period after our Initial Closing (the Commitment Period ), investors will be released from
any further obligation to purchase additional Shares with respect to a Capital Commitment. During the Commitment Period, no investor will
be permitted to sell, assign, transfer or otherwise dispose of its Shares or Capital Commitment unless we provide our prior written consent,
which shall not be unreasonably withheld, and the transfer is otherwise made in accordance with applicable law; provided however an investor
shall be permitted to sell, assign, or transfer its Shares to its affiliate. Notwithstanding the foregoing, upon providing 60 days 
notice to the Company, a majority of the holders of the Company s then outstanding Shares may terminate the Commitment Period following
the second anniversary of the Initial Closing. The approval of the requisite majority may be achieved through either a special meeting
of holders of Shares or written consent in the manner provided in the Company s organizational documents. Our bylaws provide that
a special meeting of stockholders will be called by the secretary of the corporation upon the written request of stockholders entitled
to cast not less than a majority of all the votes entitled to be cast at such meeting. 

As
part of certain credit facilities, the right to make capital calls of stockholders may be pledged as collateral to a lender, which will
be able to call for capital contributions upon the occurrence of an event of default under such credit facility. To the extent such an
event of default does occur, stockholders could therefore be required to fund any shortfall up to their remaining Capital Commitments,
without regard to the underlying value of their investment. 

Structure
and Shareholder Agreements 

Upon
conclusion of the Commitment Period (the Initial Term ), the Company will cease making new investments and commence an orderly
disposition of our investments, unless we receive shareholder approval to extend the Initial Term. We have entered into several agreements,
including subscription agreements, with the Initial Investors, which provide certain rights to such investors. 

6 

Investment
Advisory Agreement 

On
December 16, 2021, we entered into the Investment Advisory Agreement with our Advisor. Pursuant to the Investment Advisory Agreement with
our Advisor, we will pay our Advisor a management fee for investment advisory and management services. The Investment Advisory Agreement
may be terminated by either party with 60 days written notice. 

Management
Fee 

The
management fee is calculated at an annual rate of 0.75 of the fair market value of our investments including, in each case, assets purchased
with borrowed funds or other forms of leverage, but excluding cash, U.S. government securities and commercial paper instruments maturing
within one year of purchase. 

For
services rendered under the Investment Advisory Agreement, the management fee is payable quarterly in arrears and calculated based on
the average value, at the end of the two most recently completed calendar quarters, of our fair market value of investments, including,
in each case, assets purchased with borrowed funds or other forms of leverage, but excluding cash, U.S. government securities and commercial
paper instruments maturing within one year of purchase. Management fees for any partial quarter will be appropriately pro-rated. 

Administration
Agreement 

On
December 16, 2021, we entered into an Administration Agreement with our Advisor, which will serve as our Administrator and will provide
or oversee the performance of our required administrative services and professional services rendered by others, which will include (but
not limited to), accounting, payment of our expenses, legal, compliance, operations, technology and investor relations, preparation and
filing of our tax returns, and preparation of financial reports provided to our stockholders and filed with the SEC. 

We
reimburse the Administrator for its costs and expenses incurred in performing its obligations under the Administration Agreement. As we
reimburse the Administrator for its expenses, we will indirectly bear such cost. The Administration Agreement may be terminated by either
party with 60 days written notice. 

Our
Administrator engaged U.S. Bank Global Fund Services under a sub-administration agreement to assist the Administrator in performing
certain of its administrative duties. The Administrator may enter into additional sub-administration agreements with third-parties to
perform other administrative and professional services on behalf of the Administrator. 

Risk
Management 

Broad
Diversification. We diversify our investments by company, asset type, investment size, industry and geography within the
U.S. Furthermore, we must meet certain diversification tests in order to qualify as a RIC for U.S. federal income tax purposes (the Diversification
Tests ). See Item 1. Business Material U.S. Federal Income Tax Considerations . 

Hedging. We
may hedge against interest rate fluctuations by using standard hedging instruments such as futures, options and forward contracts subject
to the requirements of the 1940 Act and to applicable CFTC regulations. While hedging activities may insulate us against adverse changes
in interest rates, they may also limit our ability to participate in benefits of such changes with respect to our portfolio of investments.
The Advisor will claim relief from CFTC registration and regulation as a commodity pool operator with respect to our operations, with
the result that we will be limited in our ability to use futures contracts or options on futures contracts or engage in swap transactions.
Specifically, we will be subject to strict limitations on using such derivatives other than for hedging purposes, whereby the use of derivatives
not used solely for hedging purposes is generally limited to situations where (i) the aggregate initial margin and premiums required
to establish such positions do not exceed five percent of the liquidation value of our portfolio, after taking into account unrealized
profits and unrealized losses on any such contracts we have entered into; or (ii) the aggregate net notional value of such derivatives
does not exceed 100 of the liquidation value of our portfolio. 

7 

Regulation
as a Business Development Company 

General 

A
BDC is a specialized investment vehicle that elects to be regulated under the 1940 Act as an investment company but is generally subject
to less onerous requirements than other registered investment companies under a regime designed to encourage lending to U.S.-based small
and mid-sized businesses. Unlike many similar types of investment vehicles that are restricted to being private entities, the
stock of a BDC is permitted to trade in the public equity markets. BDCs are also eligible to elect to be treated as a RIC under Subchapter
M of the Code. A RIC typically does not incur significant entity-level income taxes, because it is generally entitled to deduct distributions
made to its stockholders. 

Qualifying
Assets 

Under
the 1940 Act, a BDC may not acquire any asset other than assets of the type listed in Section 55(a) of the 1940 Act, which are referred
to as qualifying assets, unless, at the time the acquisition is made, qualifying assets represent at least 70 of the BDC s total
assets. The principal categories of qualifying assets relevant to our proposed business are the following: 

(1) 
 Securities purchased in transactions
 not involving any public offering from the issuer of such securities, which issuer (subject to certain limited exceptions) is an eligible
 portfolio company, or from any person who is, or has been during the preceding 13 months, an affiliated person of an eligible portfolio
 company, or from any other person, subject to such rules as may be prescribed by the SEC. An eligible portfolio company is defined in
 the 1940 Act as any issuer which: 

(a) 
 is organized under the laws of, and has its principal place
 of business in, the United States; 

(b) 
 is not an investment company (other
 than a small business investment company wholly owned by the BDC) or a company that would be an investment company but for certain exclusions
 under the 1940 Act; and 

(c) 
 satisfies either of the following: 

(i) 
 does not have any class of securities listed on a national securities
 exchange or has any class of securities listed on a national securities exchange subject to a 250 million market capitalization
 maximum; or 

(ii) 
 is controlled by a BDC or a group of companies including a BDC,
 the BDC actually exercises a controlling influence over the management or policies of the eligible portfolio company, and, as a result,
 the BDC has an affiliated person who is a director of the eligible portfolio company. 

(2) 
 Securities of any eligible portfolio
 company which we control. 

(3) 
 Securities purchased in a private
 transaction from a U.S. issuer that is not an investment company or from an affiliated person of the issuer, or in transactions incident
 thereto, if the issuer is in bankruptcy and subject to reorganization or if the issuer, immediately prior to the purchase of its securities,
 was unable to meet its obligations as they came due without material assistance other than conventional lending or financing arrangements. 

(4) 
 Securities of an eligible portfolio
 company purchased from any person in a private transaction if there is no ready market for such securities and we already own 60 of the
 outstanding equity of the eligible portfolio company. 

(5) 
 Securities received in exchange
 for or distributed on or with respect to securities described in (1) through (4) above, or pursuant to the exercise of warrants or
 rights relating to such securities. 

(6) 
 Cash, cash equivalents, U.S. government
 securities or high-quality debt securities maturing in one year or less from the time of investment. 

We
may invest up to 30 of our portfolio opportunistically in non-qualifying assets. 

8 

Managerial
Assistance to Portfolio Companies 

In
addition, a BDC must be organized and have its principal place of business in the United States and must be operated for the purpose of
making investments in the types of securities described in (1), (2), or (3) above under Regulation as a Business
Development Company Qualifying Assets . However, in order to count portfolio securities as qualifying assets for the purpose
of the 70 test, the BDC must either control the issuer of the securities or must offer to make available to the issuer of the securities
significant managerial assistance. However, when the BDC purchases securities in conjunction with one or more other persons acting together,
one of the other persons in the group may make available such managerial assistance. Making available managerial assistance means, among
other things, any arrangement whereby the BDC, through its directors, officers or employees, offers to provide, and, if accepted, does
so provide, significant guidance and counsel concerning the management, operations or business objectives and policies of a portfolio
company. 

Temporary
Investments 

Pending
investment in other types of qualifying assets, as described above, our investments may consist of cash, cash equivalents,
U.S. government securities or high-quality debt securities maturing in one year or less from the time of investment, which we refer to,
collectively, as temporary investments, so that 70 of our assets are qualifying assets. 

Codes of Ethics 

We and our Advisor have adopted a code of
ethics pursuant to Rule 17j-1 under the 1940 Act that establishes procedures for personal investments and restricts certain
personal securities transactions. Personnel subject to the joint code may invest in securities for their personal investment accounts,
including securities that may be purchased or held by us, so long as such investments are made in accordance with the code s requirements.
In addition, we have adopted a code of ethics applicable to our Principal Executive Officer, Principal Accounting Officer and senior financial
officers pursuant to Section 406 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. You may review or download the codes of ethics from the SEC s
Edgar database as part of our filings under www.sec.gov, or by written request to the following: Chief Compliance Officer, Kayne Anderson,
811 Main Street, 14 th Floor, Houston, TX 77002. 

Compliance Policies and Procedures 

We make investments alongside certain entities
and accounts advised by our Advisor and its affiliates. Under the 1940 Act, we are prohibited from knowingly participating in certain
joint transactions with our affiliates without the prior approval of the independent directors and, in some cases, prior approval by the
SEC. However, we generally make investments alongside affiliated entities and accounts pursuant to exemptive relief granted by the SEC
to us, our Advisor, and certain of our affiliates on January 7, 2020. Pursuant to such exemptive relief, and subject to certain conditions,
we are permitted to co-invest in the same security with our affiliates in a manner that is consistent with our investment objective,
investment strategy, regulatory consideration and other relevant factors. If opportunities arise that would otherwise be appropriate for
us and an affiliate to purchase different securities in the same issuer, our Advisor will need to decide which account will proceed with
such investment. Our Advisor s investment allocation policy incorporates the conditions of exemptive relief to seek to ensure that
investment opportunities are allocated in a manner that is fair and equitable. 

9 

We
will be periodically examined by the SEC for compliance with the 1940 Act. 

We
are required to provide and maintain a bond issued by a reputable fidelity insurance company to protect us against larceny and embezzlement.
Furthermore, as a BDC, we will be prohibited from protecting any director or officer against any liability to us or our stockholders arising
from willful misfeasance, bad faith, gross negligence or reckless disregard of the duties involved in the conduct of such person s
office. 

We
and our Advisor have adopted and implemented written policies and procedures reasonably designed to detect and prevent violation of the
federal securities laws and will be required to review these compliance policies and procedures annually for their adequacy and the effectiveness
of their implementation and designate a chief compliance officer to be responsible for administering the policies and procedures. 

Sarbanes-Oxley
Act 

The
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, as amended, or the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, imposes a variety of regulatory requirements on companies with a class
of securities registered under the Exchange Act and their insiders. Many of these requirements affect us. For example: 

pursuant to Rule 13a-14 under
 the Exchange Act our principal executive officer and principal financial officer must certify the accuracy of the financial statements
 contained in our periodic reports; 

pursuant to Item 307 under Regulation S-K under
 the Securities Act our periodic reports must disclose our conclusions about the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures; 

pursuant to Rule 13a-15 of
 the Exchange Act, our management must prepare an annual report regarding its assessment of our internal control over financial reporting
 and (once we cease to be an emerging growth company under the JOBS Act, or if later, for the year following our first annual report required
 to be filed with the SEC as a public company) must obtain an audit of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting performed
 by its independent registered public accounting firm; and 

pursuant to Item 308 of Regulation S-K under
 the Securities Act and Rule 13a-15 under the Exchange Act, our periodic reports must disclose whether there were significant
 changes in our internal controls over financial reporting or in other factors that could significantly affect these controls subsequent
 to the date of their evaluation, including any corrective actions with regard to significant deficiencies and material weaknesses. 

The
Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires us to review our current policies and procedures to determine whether we comply with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
and the regulations promulgated under such act. We will continue to monitor our compliance with all regulations that are adopted under
the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and will take actions necessary to ensure that we comply with that act in the future. 

10 

JOBS
Act 

We
currently are and expect to remain an emerging growth company, as defined in the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act (the
 JOBS Act ), until the earliest of: 

the last day of the fiscal year
 ending after the fifth anniversary of an Exchange Listing occurs; 

the end of the fiscal year in which
 our total annual gross revenues first exceed 1.07 billion; 

the date on which we have, during
 the prior three-year period, issued more than 1.0 billion in non-convertible debt; and 

the last day of a fiscal year in
 which we (1) have an aggregate worldwide market value of our Shares held by non-affiliates of 700 million or more,
 computed at the end of each fiscal year as of the last business day of our most recently completed second fiscal quarter and (2) have
 been an Exchange Act reporting company for at least one year (and filed at least one annual report under the Exchange Act). 

Under
the JOBS Act and the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act Dodd-Frank ), we are exempt from the provisions
of Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, which would require that our independent registered public accounting firm provide an
attestation report on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting, until such time as we cease to be an emerging
growth company and become an accelerated filer as defined in Rule 12b-2 under the Exchange Act. This may increase the risk that
material weaknesses or other deficiencies in our internal control over financial reporting go undetected. 

Under
the JOBS Act, emerging growth companies can delay adopting new or revised accounting standards until such time as those standards apply
to private companies. We have made an irrevocable election not to take advantage of this exemption from new or revised accounting standards.
We therefore are subject to the same new or revised accounting standards as other public companies that are not emerging growth companies. 

Commodities
Exchange Act 

The
Commodity Futures Trading Commission CFTC and the SEC have issued final rules establishing that certain swap transactions
are subject to CFTC regulation. Engaging in such swap transactions may cause us to fall within the definition of commodity pool 
under the Commodity Exchange Act and related CFTC regulations. The Advisor will rely on an exclusion from the definition of a CPO under
CFTC Rule 4.5 because of our limited trading in commodity interests, and the Advisor will operate us as if we were not registered as a
CPO, so that unlike a registered CPO, with respect to us, the Advisor is not required to deliver a Disclosure Document or an Annual Report
(as those terms are used in the CFTC s rules) to shareholders. 

Proxy
Voting Policies and Procedures 

We
have delegated our proxy voting responsibility to our Advisor. A summary of the Proxy Voting Policies and Procedures of our Advisor are
set forth below. These policies and procedures will be reviewed periodically by our Advisor and, subsequent to our election to be regulated
as a BDC, our non-interested directors, and, accordingly, are subject to change. For purposes of these Proxy Voting Policies
and Procedures described below, we our and us refers to our Advisor. 

An
investment advisor registered under the Advisers Act has a fiduciary duty to act solely in the best interests of its clients. As part
of this duty, we recognize that we must vote the Company s securities in a timely manner free of conflicts of interest and in the
best interests of the Company and its stockholders. 

These
policies and procedures for voting proxies for our investment advisory clients are intended to comply with Section 206 of, and Rule 206(4)-6 under,
the Advisers Act. 

11 

We
will vote proxies relating to our portfolio securities in what we believe to be the best interest of our stockholders. To ensure that
our vote is not the product of a conflict of interest, we will require that: (1) anyone involved in the decision making process disclose
to our chief compliance officer any potential conflict that he or she is aware of and any contact that he or she has had with any interested
party regarding a proxy vote; and (2) employees involved in the decision making process or vote administration are prohibited from
revealing how we intend to vote on a proposal in order to reduce any attempted influence from interested parties. 

You
may obtain information about how we voted proxies by making a written request for proxy voting information to: KA Credit Advisors, LLC,
811 Main Street, 14th Floor, Houston, TX 77002, Attention: Chief Compliance Officer. 

Employees 

We
do not have any employees. Our day-to-day investment operations are managed by our Advisor and the Administrator. Any compensation
paid for services relating to our financial reporting and compliance functions will be paid by our Administrator. As we reimburse the
Administrator for its expenses, we will indirectly bear such cost. 

Our
Administrator engaged U.S. Bank Global Fund Services under a sub-administration agreement to assist the Administrator in performing
certain of its administrative duties. The Administrator may enter into additional sub-administration agreements with third-parties
to perform other administrative and professional services on behalf of the Administrator. We will pay the fees associated with such functions
on a direct basis without profit to our Administrator. 

Privacy
Principles 

We
are committed to maintaining the privacy of our investors and to safeguarding their non-public personal information. The following
information is provided to help you understand what personal information we collect, how we protect that information and why, in certain
cases, we may share information with select other parties. 

We
do not disclose any non-public personal information about our stockholders or a former stockholder to anyone, except as permitted
by law or as is necessary in order to service stockholder accounts (for example, to a transfer agent or third-party administrator). 

We
restrict access to non-public personal information about our stockholders to employees of our Advisor and its affiliates with
a legitimate business need for the information. We will maintain physical, electronic and procedural safeguards designed to protect the non-public personal
information of our stockholders. 

Reporting
Obligations 

As
a BDC, we make available on our website (www.kaynebdc.com) our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and
our current reports on Form 8-K. Shareholders and the public may also read and copy any materials we file with the SEC at the
SEC s Public Reference Room, 100 F Street, N.E., Washington, D.C. 20549 and on the SEC s website at www.sec.gov. Information
on the operation of the SEC s public reference room may be obtained by calling the SEC at (202) 551-8090 or (800) SEC-0330. The
reference to our website and the SEC s website is an inactive textual reference only, and the information should not be considered
a part of this Form 10-K. 

Material
U.S. Federal Income Tax Considerations 

The
following discussion is a general summary of the material U.S. federal income tax considerations applicable to us and to an investment
in our Shares. This summary does not purport to be a complete description of the U.S. federal income tax considerations applicable to
such an investment. For example, we have not described certain considerations that may be relevant to certain types of holders subject
to special treatment under U.S. federal income tax laws, including persons who hold our common stock as part of a straddle or hedging,
integrated or constructive sale transaction, stockholders subject to the alternative minimum tax, tax-exempt organizations, insurance
companies, brokers or dealers in securities, traders in securities that elect to mark-to-market their securities holdings,
pension plans and trusts, persons that have a functional currency (as defined in Section 985 of the Code) other than the U.S. dollar,
U.S. expatriates, regulated investment companies, real estate investment trusts, personal holding companies, persons who acquire an interest
in the Company in connection with the performance of services and financial institutions. Such persons should consult with their own tax
advisers as to the U.S. federal income tax consequences of an investment in our Shares, which may differ substantially from those described
herein. This summary assumes that investors hold our Shares as capital assets (within the meaning of Section 1221 of the Code). 

12 

The
discussion is based upon the Code, Treasury regulations, and administrative and judicial interpretations, each as of the date of the filing
of this annual report on Form 10-K and all of which are subject to change, possibly retroactively, which could affect the continuing
validity of this discussion. We have not sought and will not seek any ruling from the Internal Revenue Service, or the IRS, regarding
any offering of our Shares. This summary does not discuss any aspects of U.S. estate or gift tax or foreign, state or local tax. It does
not discuss the special treatment under U.S. federal income tax laws that could result if we invested in tax-exempt securities or
certain other investment assets. For purposes of this discussion, references to dividends are to dividends within the meaning
of the U.S. federal income tax laws and associated regulations and may include amounts subject to treatment as a return of capital under
section 19(a) of the 1940 Act. A return of capital distribution is a return to stockholders of a portion of their original investment
in the Company and does not represent income or capital gains. 

A
 U.S. stockholder is a beneficial owner of our Shares that is for U.S. federal income tax purposes: 

a citizen or individual resident
 of the United States; 

a corporation, or other entity treated
 as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes, created or organized in or under the laws of the United States or any state thereof
 or the District of Columbia; 

an estate, the income of which is
 subject to U.S. federal income taxation regardless of its source; or 

a trust if either a U.S. court can
 exercise primary supervision over its administration and one or more U.S. persons have the authority to control all of its substantial
 decisions or the trust was in existence on August 20, 1996, was treated as a U.S. person prior to that date, and has made a valid
 election to be treated as a U.S. person. 

A non-U.S. stockholder is
a beneficial owner of our Shares that is neither a U.S. stockholder nor a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes. 

If
a partnership (including an entity treated as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes) holds Shares, the tax treatment of a
partner in the partnership will generally depend upon the status of the partner and the activities of the partnership. A prospective investor
that is a partner in a partnership that will hold Shares should consult its tax advisors with respect to the purchase, ownership and disposition
of Shares. 

Tax
matters are very complicated and the tax consequences to an investor of an investment in our Shares will depend on the facts of his, her
or its particular situation. We encourage investors to consult their own tax advisors regarding the specific consequences of such an investment,
including tax reporting requirements, the applicability of U.S. federal, state, local and foreign tax laws, eligibility for the benefits
of any applicable tax treaty, and the effect of any possible changes in the tax laws. 

Election
to Be Taxed as a RIC 

We
intend to elect to be treated as a RIC under Subchapter M of the Code. As a RIC, we generally will not have to pay corporate-level U.S.
federal income taxes on any net ordinary income or capital gains that we timely distribute to our stockholders as dividends. To qualify
as a RIC, we must, among other things, meet certain source-of-income and asset diversification requirements (as described
below). In addition, to qualify for RIC treatment, we must distribute to our stockholders, for each taxable year, dividends of an amount
at least equal to the sum of 90 of our investment company taxable income, which is generally our net ordinary income plus
the excess of realized net short-term capital gains over realized net long-term capital losses and determined without regard to any deduction
for dividends paid, and 90 of our net tax-exempt interest income, if any (the Annual Distribution Requirement ).
Although not required for us to maintain our RIC tax status, in order to preclude the imposition of a 4 nondeductible federal excise
tax imposed on RICs, we must distribute to our stockholders in respect of each calendar year dividends of an amount at least equal to
the sum of (1) 98 of our net ordinary income (taking into account certain deferrals and elections) for the calendar year, (2) 98.2 of
the excess (if any) of our realized capital gains over our realized capital losses, or capital gain net income (adjusted for certain ordinary
losses), generally for the one-year period ending on October 31 of the calendar year and (3) the sum of
any net ordinary income plus capital gains net income for preceding years that were not distributed during such years and on which we
paid no federal income tax (the Excise Tax Avoidance Requirement ). 

13 

Taxation
as a RIC 

If
we: 

qualify as a RIC; and 

satisfy the Annual Distribution
 Requirement; 

then
we will not be subject to U.S. federal income tax on the portion of our investment company taxable income and net capital gain, defined
as net long-term capital gains in excess of net short-term capital losses, we distribute to stockholders. As a RIC, we will be subject
to U.S. federal income tax at regular corporate rates on any net income or net capital gain not distributed (or deemed distributed) as
dividends to our stockholders. 

In
order to qualify as a RIC for U.S. federal income tax purposes, we must, among other things: 

have in effect an election to be
 treated as a BDC under the 1940 Act at all times during each taxable year; 

derive in each taxable year at least
 90 of our gross income from dividends, interest, payments with respect to certain securities loans, gains from the sale of stock or other
 securities, or other income derived with respect to our business of investing in such stock or securities, or currencies, other income
 derived with respect to its business of investing in such stock, securities or currencies and net income derived from interests in qualified
 publicly traded partnerships (partnerships that are traded on an established securities market or tradable on a secondary market,
 other than partnerships that derive 90 of their income from interest, dividends and other permitted RIC income) (the 90 Income
 Test and 

diversify our holdings so that at
 the end of each quarter of the taxable year: 

at least 50 of the value of our
 assets consists of cash, cash equivalents, U.S. government securities, securities of other RICs, and other securities if such other securities
 of any one issuer do not represent more than 5 of the value of our assets or more than 10 of the outstanding voting securities of the
 issuer; and 

no more than 25 of the value of
 our assets is invested in the securities, other than U.S. government securities or securities of other RICs, of one issuer or of two or
 more issuers that are controlled, as determined under applicable tax rules, by us and that are engaged in the same or similar or related
 trades or businesses or in the securities of one or more qualified publicly traded partnerships. 

We
may be required to recognize taxable income in circumstances in which we do not receive cash. For example, if we hold debt obligations
that are treated under applicable tax rules as having original issue discount (such as debt instruments with PIK interest or, in certain
cases, increasing interest rates or issued with warrants), we must include in income each year a portion of the original issue discount
that accrues over the life of the obligation, regardless of whether cash representing such income is received by us in the same taxable
year. We may also have to include in income other amounts that we have not yet received in cash, such as PIK interest and deferred loan
origination fees that are paid after origination of the loan. Because any original issue discount or other amounts accrued will be included
in our investment company taxable income for the year of accrual, we may be required to make a distribution to our shareholders in order
to satisfy the Annual Distribution Requirement, even though we will not have received the corresponding cash amount. 

We
may invest in partnerships, including qualified publicly traded partnerships, which may result in our being subject to state, local or
foreign income, franchise or other tax liabilities. 

14 

In
addition, as a RIC, we are subject to ordinary income and capital gain distribution requirements under U.S. federal excise tax rules for
each calendar year (as discussed above). If we do not meet the required distributions, we will be subject to a 4 nondeductible federal
excise tax on the undistributed amount. The failure to meet U.S. federal excise tax distribution requirements will not cause us to lose
our RIC status. Although we currently intend to make sufficient distributions each taxable year to satisfy the U.S. federal excise tax
requirements, under certain circumstances, we may choose to retain taxable income or capital gains in excess of current year distributions
into the next tax year in an amount less than what would trigger payments of federal income tax under Subchapter M of the Code. We may
then be required to pay a 4 excise tax on such income or capital gains. 

A
RIC is limited in its ability to deduct expenses in excess of its investment company taxable income. If our deductible expenses in a given
taxable year exceed our investment company taxable income, we may incur a net operating loss for that taxable year. However, a RIC is
not permitted to carry forward net operating losses to subsequent taxable years and such net operating losses do not pass through to its
stockholders. In addition, deductible expenses can be used only to offset investment company taxable income, not net capital gain. A RIC
may not use any net capital losses (that is, the excess of realized capital losses over realized capital gains) to offset its investment
company taxable income, but may carry forward such net capital losses, and use them to offset future capital gains, indefinitely. Due
to these limits on deductibility of expenses and net capital losses, we may for tax purposes have aggregate taxable income for several
taxable years that we are required to distribute and that is taxable to our stockholders even if such taxable income is greater than the
net income we actually earn during those taxable years. 

Any
underwriting fees paid by us with respect to our own stock are not deductible. We may be required to recognize taxable income in circumstances
in which we do not receive cash. For example, if we hold debt obligations that are treated under applicable tax rules as having OID (such
as debt instruments with PIK interest or, in certain cases, with increasing interest rates or issued with warrants), we must include in
income each year a portion of the OID that accrues over the life of the obligation, regardless of whether cash representing such income
is received by us in the same taxable year. Because any OID accrued will be included in our investment company taxable income for the
taxable year of accrual, we may be required to make a distribution to our stockholders in order to satisfy the Annual Distribution Requirement,
even though we will not have received any corresponding cash amount. Furthermore, a portfolio company in which we hold equity or debt
instruments may face financial difficulty that requires us to work out, modify, or otherwise restructure such equity or debt instruments.
Any such restructuring could, depending upon the terms of the restructuring, cause us to incur unusable or nondeductible losses or recognize future non-cash taxable income. 

Certain
of our investment practices may be subject to special and complex U.S. federal income tax provisions that may, among other things, (1) treat
dividends that would otherwise constitute qualified dividend income as non-qualified dividend income, (2) treat
dividends that would otherwise be eligible for the corporate dividends received deduction as ineligible for such treatment, (3) disallow,
suspend or otherwise limit the allowance of certain losses or deductions, (4) convert lower-taxed long-term capital gain into higher-taxed
short-term capital gain or ordinary income, (5) convert an ordinary loss or a deduction into a capital loss (the deductibility of
which is more limited), (6) cause us to recognize income or gain without a corresponding receipt of cash, (7) adversely affect the
time as to when a purchase or sale of stock or securities is deemed to occur, (8) adversely alter the characterization of certain
complex financial transactions and (9) produce income that will not be qualifying income for purposes of the 90 Income Test. We
intend to monitor our transactions and may make certain tax elections to mitigate the effect of these provisions and prevent our ability
to be subject to tax as a RIC. 

Gain
or loss realized by us from warrants acquired by us as well as any loss attributable to the lapse of such warrants generally will be treated
as capital gain or loss. Such gain or loss generally will be long term or short term, depending on how long we held a particular warrant. 

Although
we do not presently expect to do so, we are authorized to borrow funds and to sell assets in order to satisfy distribution requirements.
However, under the 1940 Act, we are not permitted to make distributions to our stockholders while our debt obligations and other senior
securities are outstanding unless certain asset coverage tests are met. See Item 1. Business Regulation
as a Business Development Company Senior Securities and Indebtedness . Moreover, our ability to dispose of
assets to meet our distribution requirements may be limited by (1) the illiquid nature of our portfolio and/or (2) other requirements
relating to our qualification as a RIC, including the Diversification Tests. If we dispose of assets in order to meet the Annual Distribution
Requirement or the Excise Tax Avoidance Requirement, we may make such dispositions at times that, from an investment standpoint, are not
advantageous. 

15 

Some
of the income and fees that we may recognize, such as fees for providing managerial assistance, certain fees earned with respect to our
investments, income recognized in a work-out or restructuring of a portfolio investment, or income recognized from
an equity investment in an operating partnership, will not satisfy the 90 Income Test. In order to manage the risk that such income and
fees might disqualify us as a RIC for a failure to satisfy the 90 Income Test, we may be required to recognize such income and fees indirectly
through one or more entities treated as corporations for U.S. federal income tax purposes (therefore, received amounts treated as dividends
of such corporations). Such corporations will be required to pay U.S. corporate income tax on their earnings, which ultimately will reduce
our return on such income and fees. 

Failure
to Qualify as a RIC 

If
we were unable to qualify for treatment as a RIC and are unable to cure the failure, for example, by disposing of certain investments
quickly or raising additional capital to prevent the loss of RIC status, we would be subject to tax on all of our taxable income at regular
corporate rates. The Code provides some relief from RIC disqualification due to failures to comply with the 90 Income Test and the Diversification
Tests, although there may be additional taxes due in such cases. We cannot assure you that we would qualify for any such relief should
we fail the 90 Income Test or the Diversification Tests. 

Should
failure occur, not only would all our taxable income be subject to tax at regular corporate rates, we would not be able to deduct dividend
distributions to stockholders, nor would they be required to be made. Distributions, including distributions of net long-term capital
gain, would generally be taxable to our stockholders as ordinary dividend income to the extent of our current and accumulated earnings
and profits. Subject to certain limitations under the Code, certain corporate stockholders would be eligible to claim a dividends received
deduction with respect to such dividends and non-corporate stockholders would generally be able to treat such dividends as qualified
dividend income, which is subject to reduced rates of U.S. federal income tax. Distributions in excess of our current and accumulated
earnings and profits would be treated first as a return of capital to the extent of the stockholder s tax basis, and any remaining
distributions would be treated as a capital gain. If we fail to qualify as a RIC, we may be subject to regular corporate tax on any net built-in gains with
respect to certain of our assets (i.e., the excess of the aggregate gains, including items of income, over aggregate losses that would
have been realized with respect to such assets if we had been liquidated) that we elect to recognize on requalification or when recognized
over the next five taxable years. 

The
remainder of this discussion assumes that we qualify as a RIC and have satisfied the Annual Distribution Requirement for each taxable
year. 

Taxation
of U.S. Stockholders 

Distributions
by us generally are taxable to U.S. stockholders as ordinary income or capital gains. Distributions of our investment company taxable
income (which is, generally, our net ordinary income plus net short-term capital gains in excess of net long-term capital losses)
will be taxable as ordinary income to U.S. stockholders to the extent of our current or accumulated earnings and profits, whether paid
in cash or reinvested in additional Shares. To the extent such distributions paid by us to non-corporate stockholders (including
individuals) are attributable to dividends from U.S. corporations and certain qualified foreign corporations and if certain holding period
requirements are met, such distributions generally will be treated as qualified dividend income and generally eligible for a maximum U.S.
federal tax rate of either 15 or 20 , depending on whether the individual stockholder s income exceeds certain threshold amounts,
and if other applicable requirements are met, such distributions generally will be eligible for the corporate dividends received deduction
to the extent such dividends have been paid by a U.S. corporation. In this regard, it is anticipated that distributions paid by us will
generally not be attributable to dividends and, therefore, generally will not qualify for the preferential maximum U.S. federal tax rate
applicable to non-corporate stockholders as well as will not be eligible for the corporate dividends received deduction. 

16 

Distributions
of our net capital gains (which is generally our realized net long-term capital gains in excess of realized net short-term capital losses)
properly reported by us as capital gain dividends will be taxable to a U.S. stockholder as long-term capital gains (currently
generally at a maximum rate of either 15 or 20 , depending on whether the individual stockholder s income exceeds certain threshold
amounts) in the case of individuals, trusts or estates, regardless of the U.S. stockholder s holding period for his, her or its
Shares and regardless of whether paid in cash or reinvested in additional Shares. Distributions in excess of our earnings and profits
first will reduce a U.S. stockholder s adjusted tax basis in such stockholder s Shares and, after the adjusted basis is reduced
to zero, will constitute capital gains to such U.S. stockholder. Stockholders receiving dividends or distributions in the form of additional
Shares purchased in the market should be treated for U.S. federal income tax purposes as receiving a distribution in an amount equal to
the amount of money that the stockholders receiving cash dividends or distributions will receive, and should have a cost basis in the
shares received equal to such amount. Stockholders receiving dividends in newly issued Shares will be treated as receiving a distribution
equal to the value of the shares received and should have a cost basis of such amount. 

Although
we currently intend to distribute any net capital gains at least annually, we may in the future decide to retain some or all of our net
capital gains but designate the retained amount as a deemed distribution. In that case, among other consequences, we will
pay tax on the retained amount, each U.S. stockholder will be required to include their share of the deemed distribution in income as
if it had been distributed to the U.S. stockholder, and the U.S. stockholder will be entitled to claim a credit or refund equal to their
allocable share of the tax paid on the deemed distribution by us. The amount of the deemed distribution net of such tax will be added
to the U.S. stockholder s tax basis for their Shares. Since we expect to pay tax on any retained net capital gains at our regular
corporate tax rate, and since that rate is in excess of the maximum rate currently payable by individuals on long-term capital gains,
the amount of tax that individual stockholders will be treated as having paid and for which they will receive a credit or refund will
exceed the tax they owe on the retained net capital gain. Such excess generally may be claimed as a credit against the U.S. stockholder s
other U.S. federal income tax obligations or may be refunded to the extent it exceeds a stockholder s liability for U.S. federal
income tax. A stockholder that is not subject to U.S. federal income tax or otherwise required to file a U.S. federal income tax return
would be required to file a U.S. federal income tax return on the appropriate form in order to claim a refund for the taxes we paid. In
order to utilize the deemed distribution approach, we must provide written notice to our stockholders prior to the expiration of 60 days
after the close of the relevant taxable year. We cannot treat any of our investment company taxable income as a deemed distribution. 

For
purposes of determining (1) whether the Annual Distribution Requirement is satisfied for any tax year and (2) the amount of
capital gain dividends paid for that tax year, we may, under certain circumstances, elect to treat a dividend that is paid during the
following tax year as if it had been paid during the tax year in question. If we make such an election, the U.S. stockholder will still
be treated as receiving the dividend in the tax year in which the distribution is made. However, any dividend declared by us in October,
November or December of any calendar year, payable to stockholders of record on a specified date in such a month and actually paid during
January of the following calendar year, will be treated as if it had been received by our U.S. stockholders on December 31 of the
calendar year in which the dividend was declared. 

With
respect to the reinvestment of dividends, if a U.S. Shareholder owns Shares registered in its own name, the U.S. Shareholder will have
all cash distributions automatically reinvested in additional Shares unless the U.S. Shareholder opts out of the reinvestment of dividends
by delivering a written notice to our dividend paying agent prior to the record date of the next dividend or distribution. Any distributions
reinvested will nevertheless remain taxable to the U.S. Shareholder. The U.S. Shareholder will have an adjusted basis in the additional
Shares purchased through the reinvestment equal to the amount of the reinvested distribution. The additional Shares will have a new holding
period commencing on the day following the day on which the shares are credited to the U.S. Shareholder s account. 

If
an investor purchases Shares shortly before the record date of a distribution, the price of the Shares will include the value of the distribution
and the investor will be subject to tax on the distribution even though it represents a return of their investment. 

17 

A
stockholder generally will recognize taxable gain or loss if the stockholder sells or otherwise disposes of their Shares. Any gain arising
from such sale or disposition generally will be treated as long-term capital gain or loss if the stockholder has held their Shares for
more than one year. Otherwise, it would be classified as short-term capital gain or loss. However, any capital loss arising from the sale
or disposition of Shares held for six months or less will be treated as long-term capital loss to the extent of the amount of capital
gain dividends received, or undistributed capital gain deemed received, with respect to such Shares. In addition, all or a portion of
any loss recognized upon a disposition of Shares may be disallowed if other Shares are purchased (whether through reinvestment of distributions
or otherwise) within 30 days before or after the disposition. In such a case, the basis of Shares acquired will be increased to reflect
the disallowed loss. 

In
general, individual U.S. stockholders are subject to a maximum U.S. federal income tax rate of either 15 or 20 (depending on whether
the individual U.S. stockholder s income exceeds certain threshold amounts) on their net capital gain, i.e., the excess of realized
net long-term capital gain over realized net short-term capital loss for a taxable year, including a long-term capital gain derived from
an investment in our Shares. Such rate is lower than the maximum federal income tax rate on ordinary taxable income currently payable
by individuals. Corporate U.S. stockholders currently are subject to U.S. federal income tax on net capital gain at the maximum 21 rate
also applied to ordinary income. Non-corporate stockholders incurring net capital losses for a tax year (i.e., net
capital losses in excess of net capital gains) generally may deduct up to 3,000 of such losses against their ordinary income each tax
year; any net capital losses of a non-corporate stockholder in excess of 3,000 generally may be carried forward and
used in subsequent tax years as provided in the Code. Corporate stockholders generally may not deduct any net capital losses for a tax
year, but may carry back such losses for three tax years or carry forward such losses for five tax years. 

We
will send to each of our U.S. stockholders, as promptly as possible after the end of each calendar year, a notice detailing, on a per
share and per distribution basis, the amounts includible in such U.S. stockholder s taxable income for such year as ordinary income
and as long-term capital gain. In addition, the U.S. federal tax status of each calendar year s distributions generally will be
reported to the IRS. Distributions may also be subject to additional state, local and foreign taxes depending on a U.S. stockholder s
particular situation. Dividends distributed by us generally will not be eligible for the dividends-received deduction or the lower tax
rates applicable to certain qualified dividends. 

Until
and unless we are treated as a publicly offered regulated investment company (within the meaning of Section 67 of the
Code) as a result of either (1) Shares and our preferred stock collectively being held by at least 500 persons at all times during
a taxable year, (2) our Shares being continuously offered pursuant to a public offering (within the meaning of Section 4 of
the Securities Act) or (3) Shares being treated as regularly traded on an established securities market for any taxable year, for
purposes of computing the taxable income of U.S. stockholders that are individuals, trusts or estates, (1) our earnings will be computed
without taking into account such U.S. stockholders allocable shares of the management and incentive fees paid to our investment
advisor and certain of our other expenses, (2) each such U.S. stockholder will be treated as having received or accrued a dividend
from us in the amount of such U.S. stockholder s allocable share of these fees and expenses for such taxable year, (3) each
such U.S. stockholder will be treated as having paid or incurred such U.S. stockholder s allocable share of these fees and expenses
for the calendar year and (4) each such U.S. stockholder s allocable share of these fees and expenses may be treated as miscellaneous
itemized deductions by such U.S. stockholder. Miscellaneous itemized deductions are generally not deductible by a U.S. stockholder
that is an individual, trust or estate through 2025 and beginning in 2026 and deductible only to the extent that the aggregate of
such U.S. stockholder s miscellaneous itemized deductions exceeds 2 of such U.S. stockholder s adjusted gross income for
U.S. federal income tax purposes. Miscellaneous itemized deductions are not deductible at any time for purposes of the alternative
minimum tax for individuals and will be subject an annual cap for income tax purposes for individuals beginning in 2026. 

18 

Backup
withholding, currently at a rate of 24 , may be applicable to all taxable distributions to any non-corporate U.S. stockholder
(1) who fails to furnish us with a correct taxpayer identification number or a certificate that such stockholder is exempt from backup
withholding or (2) with respect to whom the IRS notifies us that such stockholder has failed to properly report certain interest
and dividend income to the IRS and to respond to notices to that effect. An individual s taxpayer identification number is his or
her social security number. Any amount withheld under backup withholding is allowed as a credit against the U.S. stockholder s U.S.
federal income tax liability and may entitle such stockholder to a refund, provided that proper information is timely provided to the
IRS. 

If
a U.S. stockholder recognizes a loss with respect to Shares of 2 million or more for an individual stockholder or 10 million
or more for a corporate stockholder, the stockholder must file with the IRS a disclosure statement on Form 8886. Direct stockholders of
portfolio securities are in many cases exempted from this reporting requirement, but under current guidance, stockholders of a RIC are
not exempted. The fact that a loss is reportable under these regulations does not affect the legal determination of whether the taxpayer s
treatment of the loss is proper. U.S. stockholders should consult their tax advisors to determine the applicability of these regulations
in light of their specific circumstances. 

A
U.S. Shareholder that is a tax-exempt organization for U.S. federal income tax purposes and therefore generally exempt from U.S. federal
income taxation may nevertheless be subject to taxation to the extent that it is considered to derive unrelated business taxable income UBTI ). The direct conduct by a tax-exempt U.S. Shareholder of the activities we propose to conduct could give rise to UBTI.
However, a BDC (and RIC) is a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes and its business activities generally will not be attributed
to its shareholders for purposes of determining their treatment under current law. Therefore, a tax-exempt U.S. Shareholder generally
should not be subject to U.S. taxation solely as a result of the shareholder s ownership of our Shares and receipt of dividends
with respect to such common stock. Moreover, under current law, if we incur indebtedness, such indebtedness will not be attributed to
a tax-exempt U.S. Shareholder. Therefore, a tax-exempt U.S. Shareholder should not be treated as earning income from debt-financed
property and dividends we pay should not be treated as unrelated debt-financed income solely as a result of indebtedness
that we incur. Legislation has been introduced in Congress in the past, and may be introduced again in the future, which would change
the treatment of blocker investment vehicles interposed between tax-exempt investors and non-qualifying investments if enacted.
In the event that any such proposals were to be adopted and applied to BDCs (and RICs), the treatment of dividends payable to tax-exempt
investors could be adversely affected. In addition, special rules would apply if we were to invest in certain real estate mortgage investment
conduits, which we do not currently plan to do, that could result in a tax-exempt U.S. Shareholder recognizing income that would be treated
as UBTI. 

An
additional 3.8 federal tax is imposed on certain net investment income (including ordinary dividends and capital gain distributions received
from us and net gains from redemptions or other taxable dispositions of our shares) of U.S. individuals, estates and trusts to the extent
that such person s modified adjusted gross income (in the case of an individual) or adjusted gross income 
(in the case of an estate or trust) exceed certain threshold amounts. 

Taxation
of Non-U.S. Stockholders 

The
following discussion only applies to certain non-U.S. stockholders. Whether an investment in the Shares is appropriate for a non-U.S.
stockholder will depend upon that person s particular circumstances. An investment in the Shares by a non-U.S. stockholder may have
adverse tax consequences. Non-U.S. stockholders should consult their tax advisors before investing in our Shares. 

Subject
to the discussion below, distributions of our investment company taxable income to non-U.S. stockholders (including interest
income, net short-term capital gain or foreign-source dividend and interest income, which generally would be free of withholding if paid
to non-U.S. stockholders directly) will be subject to withholding of U.S. federal tax at a 30 rate (or lower rate provided by an applicable
treaty) to the extent of our current and accumulated earnings and profits unless the distributions are effectively connected with a U.S.
trade or business of the non-U.S. stockholder (and, if treaty applies, are attributable to a U.S. permanent establishment of the non-U.S.
stockholder), in which case the distributions will generally be subject to U.S. federal income tax at the rates applicable to U.S. persons.
In that case, we will not be required to withhold U.S. federal tax if the non-U.S. stockholder complies with applicable certification
and disclosure requirements such as providing IRS Form W-8ECI). Special certification requirements apply to a non-U.S. stockholder that
is a foreign partnership or a foreign trust, and such entities are urged to consult their own tax advisors. 

19 

Certain
properly reported dividends received by a non-U.S. stockholder generally are exempt from U.S. federal withholding tax when they (1) are
paid in respect of our qualified net interest income (generally, our U.S. source interest income, other than certain contingent
interest and interest from obligations of a corporation or partnership in which we are at least a 10 stockholder, reduced by expenses
that are allocable to such income), or (2) are paid in connection with our qualified short-term capital gains (generally,
the excess of our net short-term capital gain over our long-term capital loss for a tax year) as well as if certain other requirements
are satisfied. Nevertheless, it should be noted that in the case of shares of our stock held through an intermediary, the intermediary
may have withheld U.S. federal income tax even if we reported the payment as an interest-related dividend or short-term capital gain dividend.
Moreover, depending on the circumstances, we may report all, some or none of our potentially eligible dividends as derived from such qualified
net interest income or as qualified short-term capital gains, or treat such dividends, in whole or in part, as ineligible for this exemption
from withholding. 

Actual
or deemed distributions of our net capital gains to a non-U.S. stockholder, and gains realized by a non-U.S. stockholder upon the sale
of our Shares, will not be subject to U.S. federal withholding tax and generally will not be subject to U.S. federal income tax unless
the distributions or gains, as the case may be, are effectively connected with a U.S. trade or business of the non-U.S. stockholder and,
if an income tax treaty applies, are attributable to a permanent establishment maintained by the non-U.S. stockholder in the United States
or, in the case of an individual non-U.S. stockholder, the stockholder is present in the United States for 183 days or more during the
year of the sale or capital gain dividend and certain other conditions are met. 

If
we distribute our net capital gains in the form of deemed rather than actual distributions (which we may do in the future), a non-U.S.
stockholder will be entitled to a U.S. federal income tax credit or tax refund equal to the stockholder s allocable share of the
tax we pay on the capital gains deemed to have been distributed. In order to obtain the refund, the non-U.S. stockholder must obtain a
U.S. taxpayer identification number and file a U.S. federal income tax return even if the non-U.S. stockholder would not otherwise be
required to obtain a U.S. taxpayer identification number or file a U.S. federal income tax return. For a corporate non-U.S. stockholder,
distributions (both actual and deemed), and gains realized upon the sale of our Shares that are effectively connected with a U.S. trade
or business may, under certain circumstances, be subject to an additional branch profits tax at a 30 rate (or at a lower
rate if provided for by an applicable treaty). 

A
non-U.S. stockholder who is a non-resident alien individual, and who is otherwise subject to withholding of U.S. federal income tax, may
be subject to information reporting and backup withholding of U.S. federal income tax on dividends unless the non-U.S. stockholder provides
us or the dividend paying agent with a U.S. nonresident withholding tax certification (e.g., an IRS Form W-8BEN, IRS Form W-8BEN-E, or
an acceptable substitute form) or otherwise meets documentary evidence requirements for establishing that it is a non-U.S. stockholder
or otherwise establishes an exemption from backup withholding. 

Withholding
of U.S. tax (at a 30 rate) is required by the Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act, or FATCA, provisions of the Code with respect to payments
of dividends made to certain non-U.S. entities that fail to comply (or be deemed compliant) with extensive new reporting
and withholding requirements designed to inform the U.S. Department of the Treasury of U.S.-owned foreign investment accounts. Under proposed
U.S. Treasury regulations, which may be relied upon until final U.S. Treasury regulations are published, there is no FATCA withholding
on gross proceeds from the sale of disposition of Shares or on certain capital gain distributions. Stockholders may be requested to provide
additional information to enable the applicable withholding agent to determine whether withholding is required. 

An
investment in shares by a non-U.S. person may also be subject to U.S. federal estate tax. Non-U.S. persons should
consult their own tax advisors with respect to the U.S. federal income tax, U.S. federal estate tax, withholding tax, and state, local
and foreign tax consequences of acquiring, owning or disposing of our Shares. 

20 

21 

22 

23 

24 

25 

26 

27 

28 

29 

30 

31 

32 

33 

34 

35 

36 

37 

38 

39 

40 

41 

42 

43 

44 

45 

46 

47 

48 

49 

50 

51 

52 

ITEM
1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

None. 

ITEM
2. PROPERTIES 

The headquarters
of KA Credit Advisors II, LLC is located at 811 Main Street, 14 th Floor, Houston, TX 77002. 

ITEM
3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

Neither we
nor our Advisor is currently subject to any material legal proceedings, nor, to our knowledge, is any material legal proceeding threatened
against us, or against our Advisor. 

From
time to time, we, or our Advisor, may be a party to certain legal proceedings in the ordinary course of business, including proceedings
relating to the enforcement of our rights under contracts with our portfolio companies. While the outcome of these legal proceedings cannot
be predicted with certainty, we do not expect that these proceedings will have a material effect upon our financial condition or results
of operations. 

From
time to time we are involved in various legal proceedings, lawsuits and claims incidental to the conduct of our business. Our businesses
are also subject to extensive regulation, which may result in regulatory proceedings against us. 

ITEM
4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Not applicable. 

53 

PART
II 

ITEM
5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

Market
Information 

There
is no public market for our Shares currently, nor can we give any assurance that one will develop. 

Because
Shares are being acquired by investors in one or more transactions not involving a public offering, they are restricted
securities and may be required to be held indefinitely. Our Shares may not be sold, transferred, assigned, pledged or otherwise
disposed of unless (i) our consent is granted, and (ii) the Shares are registered under applicable securities laws or specifically
exempted from registration (in which case the stockholder may, at our option, be required to provide us with a legal opinion, in form
and substance satisfactory to us, that registration is not required). Accordingly, an investor must be willing to bear the economic risk
of investment in the Shares until we are liquidated. No sale, transfer, assignment, pledge or other disposition, whether voluntary or
involuntary, of the Shares may be made except by registration of the transfer on our books. Each transferee will be required to execute
an instrument agreeing to be bound by these restrictions and the other restrictions imposed on the Shares and to execute such other instruments
or certifications as are reasonably required by us. 

Holders 

Please
see Part III Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
for disclosure regarding the holders. 

As of March 9, 2023, we had 4 holders of record
of our common stock. 

Distributions 

The
following table reflects the distributions declared and payable for the year ended December 31, 2022 (dollars in thousands, except per
share amounts) 

Dividend 

per 

Total 

Date
 Declared 
 
 Record
 Date 
 
 Payment
 Date 
 
 Share 

Dividend 

April 19, 2022 
 
 April 20, 2022 
 
 July 27, 2022 

6.80 

58 

July 19, 2022 
 
 July 20, 2022 
 
 July 27, 2022 

29.00 

307 

October 18,
 2022 
 
 October 13,
 2022 
 
 October 25,
 2022 

72.00 

768 

December 16,
 2022 
 
 December 29,
 2022 
 
 January 13,
 2023 

86.00 

1,768 

193.80 

2,901 

Dividend
Reinvestment Plan 

The
following table summarizes the amounts received and shares of common stock issued to shareholders pursuant to our dividend reinvestment
plan during the year ended December 31, 2022 (dollars in thousands, except per share amounts). 

DRIP 

shares 

DRIP 

Dividend
 record date 
 
 Dividend
 payment date 
 
 issued 

value 

April 20, 2022 
 
 July 27, 2022 

12 

58 

July 20, 2022 
 
 July 27, 2022 

60 

304 

October 13,
 2022 
 
 October 25,
 2022 

150 

761 

222 

1,123 

54 

For the dividend
declared on December 16, 2022 and paid on January 13, 2023, there were 340 shares issued with a DRIP value of 1,750. These shares are
excluded from the table above, as the DRIP shares were issued after December 31, 2022. 

All of the
dividends declared during the year ended December 31, 2022 were derived from ordinary income, determined on a tax basis. 

Recent
Sales of Unregistered Securities 

As set forth
in the table below (dollars in thousands, except per share amounts), during the year ended December 31, 2022, we issued and sold 11,732
shares of common stock at an aggregate offering amount of 60.0 million. The issuance of the shares of common stock was exempt from the
registration requirements of the Securities Act, pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) and Rule 506(b) of Regulation D thereof and previously reported
by us on our current reports on Form 8-K. 

Offering 

Aggregate 

price
 per 

Common stock 

offering 

Common stock issue
 date 
 
 share 

shares
 issued 

amount 

June 29, 2022 

5,011 

1,996 

10,000 

October 14, 2022 

5,068 

4,933 

25,000 

December 9, 2022 

5,205 

4,803 

25,000 

Total common stock issued 

11,732 

60,000 

ITEM
6. [RESERVED] 

The selected
financial data previously required by Item 301 of Regulation S-K has been omitted in reliance on SEC Release No. 33-10890, Management's
Discussion and Analysis, Selected Financial Data, and Supplementary Financial Information. 

55 

ITEM
7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

The following
discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and related notes and other financial
information appearing elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Overview
and Investment Framework 

Kayne DL 2021,
Inc. was formed as a Delaware corporation to make investments in middle-market companies and commenced operations on December 16, 2021.
We are an externally managed, closed-end, non-diversified management investment company that has elected to be regulated
as a BDC under the 1940 Act. In addition, for U.S. federal income tax purposes, we intend to qualify, annually, as a RIC under Subchapter
M of the Code. 

We are managed
by KA Credit Advisors II, LLC (the Advisor which is an indirect subsidiary of Kayne Anderson Capital Advisors, L.P. KACALP 
or Kayne Anderson ). The Advisor is registered with the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC as an investment
advisor under the Investment Advisory Act of 1940. Subject to the overall supervision of the Company s board of directors (the Board ),
the Advisor is responsible for originating prospective investments, conducting research and due diligence investigations on potential
investments, analyzing investment opportunities, negotiating and structuring investments, determining the value of the investments and
monitoring its investments and portfolio companies on an ongoing basis. The Board consists of five directors, four of whom are independent. 

Our investment
objective is to generate current income and, to a lesser extent, capital appreciation primarily through debt investments in middle-market
companies. We define middle-market companies as U.S.-based companies that, in general, generate between 10 million
and 150 million of annual earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization, or EBITDA. We refer to companies that
generate between 10 million and 50 million of annual EBITDA as core middle-market companies and companies that
generate between 50 million and 150 million of annual EBITDA as upper middle-market companies. 

We intend
to achieve our investment objective by investing primarily in first lien senior secured, unitranche and split-lien loans (collectively,
 secured middle market loans to privately held middle-market companies. Similar
to first lien senior secured loans, unitranche loans typically have a first lien on all assets of the borrower, but provide leverage at
levels similar to a combination of first lien and second lien and/or subordinated loans. Split-lien loans are loans that otherwise
satisfy the criteria of a first lien loan but which have been structured with a credit facility that is senior in right of payment with
respect to working capital assets of the borrower and a term loan that is collateralized by all other assets of the borrower. Depending
on market conditions, we expect that at least 90 of our portfolio (including investments purchased with proceeds from borrowings, if
any) will be invested in secured middle market loans. It is anticipated that most of these investments will be in core middle market companies,
with the remainder in upper middle market companies. The remaining 10 of our portfolio may be invested in higher-returning investments,
including, but not limited to, equity securities purchased in conjunction with secured middle market loans and other opportunistic investments
(collectively Opportunistic Investments ), including junior debt, real estate debt and infrastructure credit investments.
We expect that the secured middle market loans we invest in will generally have stated maturities of no more than six years. 

We intend
to execute on our investment objective by (1) accessing the established loan sourcing channels developed by Kayne Anderson s
middle market private credit team, which includes an extensive network of private equity firms, other middle-market lenders, financial
advisors and intermediaries, and management teams, (2) selecting investments within our middle-market company focus, (3) implementing
Kayne Anderson s middle market private credit team s proven underwriting process, and (4) drawing upon the experience
and resources of our Advisor s investment team and the broader Kayne Anderson network. 

56 

We
believe our Advisor s disciplined approach to origination, credit analysis, portfolio construction and risk management should allow
us to achieve attractive risk-adjusted returns while preserving investor capital. We anticipate the portfolio will be comprised of a broad
mix of loans, with diversity among investment size, industry focus and geography. The Advisor s team of professionals will conduct
in-depth due diligence on prospective investments during the underwriting process and will be heavily involved in structuring the loan s
credit terms of each investment. Once an investment has been made, our Advisor will closely monitor portfolio investments and take a proactive
approach identifying and addressing sector or company specific risks. The Advisor maintains a regular dialogue with portfolio company
management teams (as well as their financial sponsors, where applicable), reviews detailed operating and financial results on a regular
basis (typically monthly or quarterly) and monitors current and projected liquidity needs, in addition to other portfolio management activities. 

Recent
Developments 

On February 24, 2023, we renewed our Subscription Credit Facility through
February 22, 2024. All other terms of the Subscription Credit Facility remain substantially the same. 

On February 28, 2023, we sold 4,775 shares of common stock for a total
aggregate offering price of 25.0 million. KACALP, an affiliate of our Advisor, made an equity contribution of 0.2 million associated
with its 1 commitment for this February 28, 2023 share issuance. We have subscription agreements with investors for an aggregate capital
commitment of 353.5 million to purchase shares of common stock 225.5 million is undrawn). 

On March 7, 2023, our Board of Directors (the Board declared a distribution of 115.00 per share to each common stockholder of record as of March 31, 2023. The distribution will be paid
on April 14, 2023. 

Portfolio
and Investment Activity 

As of December
31, 2022, we had 80 debt investments in 39 portfolio companies with an aggregate fair value of approximately 107.3 million and an amortized
cost of 105.1 million consisting of first lien senior secured debt investments. 

Listed below
are our top ten portfolio companies and industries represented as a percentage of total long-term investments as of December 31, 2022: 

Fair 

Percentage of 

Value 

long-term 

Portfolio
 Company 
 
 Industry 

in millions) 

investments 

1 
 
 BCDI Meteor Acquisition,
 LLC (Meteor) 
 
 Trading companies distributors 

5.0 

4.7 

2 
 
 Domain Information Services Inc.
 (Integris) 
 
 IT services 

5.0 

4.7 

3 
 
 Genuine Cable Group, LLC 
 
 Trading companies distributors 

4.9 

4.6 

4 
 
 BR PJK Produce, LLC (Keany) 
 
 Food products 

4.8 

4.4 

5 
 
 BLP Buyer, Inc. (Bishop Lifting
 Products) 
 
 Commercial services supplies 

4.8 

4.4 

6 
 
 Improving Acquisition LLC 
 
 IT services 

4.6 

4.3 

7 
 
 Basel U.S. Acquisition Co., Inc.
 (IAC) 
 
 Aerospace defense 

4.6 

4.3 

8 
 
 Universal Marine Medical Supply
 International, LLC (Unimed) 
 
 Professional services 

4.4 

4.1 

9 
 
 IF P Foods, LLC (FreshEdge) 
 
 Food products 

4.1 

3.8 

10 
 
 Alcami Corporation (Alcami) 
 
 Biotechnology 

4.1 

3.8 

As of December
31, 2022, our weighted average total yield to maturity of debt and income producing securities at fair value was 11.2 , and our weighted
average total yield to maturity of debt and income producing securities at amortized cost was 11.4 . 

57 

Our
investment activity for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 is presented below (information presented herein is at par value unless
otherwise indicated). 

For the year ended 
 December 31, 

2022 
 in millions) 

2021 
 in millions) 

New investments: 

Gross
 new investments commitments 

114.0 

17.1 

Less:
 investment commitments sold down, exited or repaid (1) 

(2.3) 

- 

Net investment
 commitments 

111.7 

17.1 

Principal
 amount of investments funded: 

Private credit
 investments 

98.2 

11.8 

Liquid
 credit investments 

- 

- 

Total principal
 amount of investments funded 

98.2 

11.8 

Principal
 amount of investments sold: 

Private credit
 investments 

(2.3) 

- 

Liquid
 credit investments 

- 

- 

Total principal
 amount of investments sold or repaid 

(2.3) 

- 

Number of
 new investment commitments 

67 

16 

Average
 new investment commitment amount 

1.7 

1.1 

Weighted
 average maturity for new investment commitments (2) 

4.2 years 

4.5 years 

Percentage
 of new debt investment commitments at floating rates 

100.0 

100.0 

Percentage
 of new debt investment commitments at fixed rates 

0.0 

0.0 

Weighted
 average interest rate of new investment commitments (3) 

10.6 

6.7 

Weighted
 average spread over benchmark rate of new floating rate investment commitments (3) 

6.2 

5.7 

Weighted
 average interest rate on investment sold or paid down (4) 

7.0 

6.8 

(1) 
 Does not include repayments on revolving
 loans, which may be redrawn. 

(2) 
 For undrawn delayed draw term loans,
 the maturity date used is that of the associated term loan. 

(3) 
 Based on the rate in effect at December 31, 2022 per our Consolidated Schedule of Investments for new commitments
 entered into during the year. 

(4) 
 Based on the underlying rate if still held at December 31, 2022. For those investments sold or paid down in
 full during the year, based on the rate in effect at the time of sale or paid down. 

Beginning with the three months
ended March 31, 2022, we use Global Industry Classification Standards (GICS), Level 3 Industry, for classifying the industry groupings
of its portfolio companies. As of December 31, 2021, we used GICS, Level 2 Industry Group. 

58 

The table
below describes long-term investments by industry composition based on fair value as of December 31, 2022 and 2021: 

December
 31, 2022 

Trading companies distributors 

15.4 

Food products 

12.6 

Health care providers services 

12.6 

IT services 

9.0 

Professional services 

7.6 

Commercial services supplies 

6.6 

Containers packaging 

5.2 

Aerospace defense 

4.5 

Biotechnology 

3.8 

Wireless telecommunication services 

3.4 

Machinery 

2.8 

Software 

2.8 

Textiles, apparel luxury goods 

2.6 

Building products 

2.1 

Diversified telecommunication services 

1.6 

Auto components 

1.6 

Healthcare equipment supplies 

1.6 

Electronic equipment, instruments components 

1.4 

Leisure products 

1.2 

Insurance 

1.2 

Chemicals 

0.2 

Asset management custody
 banks 

0.2 

Total 

100.0 

December
 31, 2021 

Health care equipment services 

39.8 

Food beverage 

22.7 

Consumer durables apparel 

19.9 

Telecommunication services 

8.0 

Capital goods 

6.0 

Software services 

3.6 

Total 

100.0 

Results
of Operations 

For the years
ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, our total investment income was derived from our portfolio of investments. All debt investments were
income producing, and there were no loans on non-accrual status as of December 31, 2022 or 2021. 

The following
table represents the operating results for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: 

For
 the year ended 

For
 the year ended 

December
 31, 2022 

December
 31, 2021 

in millions) 

in millions) 

Total investment income 

4.34 

0.02 

Less: Net expenses 

(1.50) 

(0.40) 
 
 Net investment income 

2.84 

(0.38) 
 
 Net realized gains (losses) on investments 

- 

- 

Net change in unrealized gains
 (losses) on investments 

1.97 

0.26 

Net
 increase (decrease) in net assets resulting from operations 

4.81 

(0.12) 

59 

Investment
Income 

Investment
income for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 totaled 4.3 million and 0.02 million, respectively, and consisted primarily of
interest income on our debt investments. 

Expenses 

We commenced
investment operations on December 16, 2021. Operating expenses for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, were as follows: 

For
 the year ended 

For
 the year ended 

December
 31, 2022 

December
 31, 2021 

in millions) 

in millions) 

Interest and debt financing expenses 

0.22 

- 

Management fees 

0.34 

- 

Other operating expenses 

0.69 

0.17 

Initial organization 

- 

0.21 

Deferred offering costs 

0.14 

0.01 

Directors fees 

0.11 

0.01 

Total expenses 

1.50 

0.40 

Total expenses
for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 included zero and 0.21 million of initial organization expenses, respectively, and 0.14
million and 0.01 million of deferred offering costs, respectively. 

Net Unrealized
Gains (Losses) on Investments 

We fair value
our portfolio investments quarterly and any changes in fair value are recorded as unrealized gains or losses. We commenced investment
operations on December 16, 2021. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, net unrealized gains (losses) on our investment portfolio
were comprised of the following: 

For
 the year ended 

For
 the year ended 

December
 31, 2022 

December
 31, 2021 

in millions) 

in millions) 

Unrealized gains on investments 

2.09 

0.26 

Unrealized (losses) on investments 

(0.12) 

- 

Net change in unrealized gains
 (losses) on investments 

1.97 

0.26 

60 

The change
in unrealized appreciation for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 totaled 2.09 million and 0.26 million, respectively, which
primarily related to our investments in the following tables: 

For
 the year ended 

December
 31, 2022 

in millions) 

Portfolio Company 

Alcami Corporation (Alcami) 

0.13 

BCDI Meteor Acquisition, LLC (Meteor) 

0.12 

Basel U.S. Acquisition Co., Inc. (IAC) 

0.12 

Universal Marine Medical Supply International, LLC (Unimed) 

0.12 

BR PJK Produce, LLC (Keany) 

0.12 

Domain Information Services Inc. (Integris) 

0.12 

IF P Foods, LLC (FreshEdge) 

0.12 

DISA Holdings Corp. (DISA) 

0.11 

AIDC Intermediate Co 2, LLC (Peak Technologies) 

0.11 

Genuine Cable Group, LLC 

0.10 

Improving Acquisition LLC 

0.10 

CGI Automated Manufacturing, LLC 

0.09 

FCA, LLC (FCA Packaging) 

0.07 

LSL Industries, LLC (LSL Healthcare) 

0.06 

American Soccer Company, Incorporated (SCORE) 

0.06 

I.D. Images Acquisition, LLC 

0.06 

American Equipment Holdings LLC 

0.06 

OMH-HealthEdge Holdings, LLC 

0.05 

Gulf Pacific Holdings, LLC 

0.05 

Centerline Communications, LLC 

0.05 

Other portfolio companies 

0.27 

Total Unrealized
 Appreciation 

2.09 

For
 the year ended 

December
 31, 2021 

in millions) 

Siegel Egg Co., LLC 

0.06 

SGA Dental Partners Holdings, LLC 

0.05 

Guardian Dentistry Partners 

0.04 

BCI Burke Holding Corp. 

0.04 

Brightview, LLC 

0.03 

Corbett Technology
 Solutions, Inc. 

0.02 
 
 I.D. Images Acquisition, LLC 

0.01 

Peak Technologies 

0.01 

Total Unrealized
 Appreciation 

0.26 

61 

The change
in unrealized depreciation for the year ended December 31, 2022 total 0.12 million, which primarily related to our investments in the
following table. There was no change in unrealized depreciation for the year ended December 31, 2021. We commenced investment operations
on December 16, 2021. 

For
 the year ended 

December
 31, 2022 

in millions) 

Allentown, LLC 

(0.04) 
 
 Brightview, LLC 

(0.04) 
 
 Siegel Egg Co., LLC 

(0.02) 
 
 Other portfolio companies 

(0.02) 
 
 Total Unrealized
 Depreciation 

(0.12) 

Financial
Condition, Liquidity and Capital Resources 

Our
liquidity and capital resources are generated primarily from the net proceeds of any offering of our Shares and from cash flows from interest
and fees earned from our investments and principal repayments and proceeds from sales of our investments. Our primary use of cash will
be investments in portfolio companies, payments of our expenses and payment of cash distributions to our stockholders. 

In accordance
with the 1940 Act, we are required to meet a coverage ratio of total assets (less total liabilities other than indebtedness) to total
borrowings and other senior securities (and any preferred stock that we may issue in the future) of at least 150 . If this ratio declines
below 150 , we cannot incur additional leverage and could be required to sell a portion of our investments to repay some leverage when
it is disadvantageous to do so. As of December 31, 2022, our asset coverage ratio was not meaningful, as we only had 0.7 million borrowed
under our subscription credit facility. We do not routinely use leverage, and there are many days when there are no borrowings outstanding
under our subscription credit facility. 

Over the next
twelve months, we expect that cash and cash equivalents, taken together with our undrawn capital commitments and available capacity under
our credit facilities, will be sufficient to conduct anticipated investment activities. Beyond twelve months, we expect that our cash
and liquidity needs will continue to be met by cash generated from our ongoing operations as well as financing activities. 

As of December 31, 2022, we had
 0.7 million borrowed under our subscription credit facility and cash and cash equivalents of 0.7 million. We do not routinely
use leverage, and there are many days when there are no borrowings outstanding under our subscription credit facility .
As of March 9, 2023, we had no borrowings outstanding under our subscription credit facility and cash and cash equivalents of 3.7 million. 

62 

Capital
Contributions 

During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we issued and sold
11,732 and 8,600 shares of our common stock, respectively, related to capital called at an aggregate purchase price of 60.0 million and
 43.0 million, respectively. As of March 9, 2023, we had aggregate capital commitments of 353.5 million and undrawn capital commitments
from investors of 225.5 million 128.0 million or 36.2 funded). 

Credit
Facility 

Subscription Credit Facility . As of
December 31, 2022, we are party to a senior secured revolving credit facility (the Subscription Credit Facility that has
a total commitment of 25 million and a maturity date of February 22, 2024. The Subscription Credit Facility permits us to borrow
up to 25 million, subject to availability under the borrowing base which is calculated based on the unused capital commitments of the
investors meeting various eligibility requirements. The interest rate on the Subscription Credit Facility is equal to SOFR plus an applicable
spread of 1.975 per annum with no floor. We are also required to pay a commitment fee of 0.25 per annum on any unused portion of the
Subscription Credit Facility. 

Contractual
Obligations 

A summary
of our significant contractual principal payment obligations related to the repayment of our outstanding indebtedness at December 31,
2022 is as follows: 

Payments
 Due by Period in millions) 

Total 

Less
 than 1 year 

1-3
 years 

3-5
 years 

After 
 5 years 

Subscription Credit
 Facility 

0.7 

0.7 

- 

- 

- 

Total contractual
 obligations 

0.7 

0.7 

- 

- 

- 

Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements 

As of December
31, 2022 and 2021, we had an aggregate 21.1 million and 5.3 million, respectively, of unfunded commitments to provide debt financing
to our portfolio companies. Such commitments are generally subject to the satisfaction of certain financial and nonfinancial covenants
and involve, to varying degrees, elements of credit risk in excess of the amount recognized in our financial statements. Other than contractual
commitments and other legal contingencies incurred in the normal course of our business, we do not have any other off-balance sheet financings
or liabilities. 

Critical
Accounting Estimates 

The
preparation of our consolidated financial statements requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of
assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses. Changes in the economic environment, financial markets and any other parameters used in determining
such estimates could cause actual results to differ. Our critical accounting
policies, including those relating to the valuation of our investment portfolio, are described below. The critical accounting policies
should be read in conjunction with our risk factors in this Annual Report. See Note 2 to our consolidated financial statements for
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, for more information on our critical accounting policies. 

Investment
Valuation 

Traded
Investments (Level 1 or Level 2) 

Investments
for which market quotations are readily available will typically be valued at those market quotations. Traded investments such as corporate
bonds, preferred stock, bank notes, loans or loan participations are valued by using the bid price provided by an independent pricing
service, by an independent broker, the agent bank, syndicate bank or principal market maker. When price quotes for investments are not
available, or such prices are stale or do not represent fair value in the judgment of our Advisor, fair market value will be determined
using our valuation process for investments that are privately issued or otherwise restricted as to resale. 

We
may also invest, to a lesser extent, in equity securities purchased in conjunction with debt investments. While we anticipate these equity
securities to be issued by privately held companies, we may hold equity securities that are publicly traded. Equity securities listed
on any exchange other than the NASDAQ Stock Market, Inc. NASDAQ are valued, except as indicated below, at the last sale
price on the business day as of which such value is being determined. If there has been no sale on such day, the securities are valued
at the mean of the most recent bid and ask prices on such day. Securities admitted to trade on the NASDAQ are valued at the NASDAQ official
closing price. Equity securities traded on more than one securities exchange are valued at the last sale price on the business day as
of which such value is being determined at the close of the exchange representing the principal market for such securities. Equity securities
traded in the over-the-counter market, but excluding securities admitted to trading on the NASDAQ, are valued at the closing
bid prices. 

63 

Non-Traded Investments
(Level 3) 

Investments
that are privately issued or otherwise restricted as to resale, as well as any security for which (a) reliable market quotations
are not available in the judgment of our Advisor, or (b) the independent pricing service or independent broker does not provide prices
or provides a price that in the judgment of our Advisor is stale or does not represent fair value, shall each be valued in a manner that
most fairly reflects fair value of the security on the valuation date. We expect that a significant majority of our investments will be
Level 3 investments. Unless otherwise determined by the Advisor, the following valuation process is used for our Level 3 investments: 

Valuation
 Designee . The applicable investments will be valued no less frequently than quarterly by the Advisor, with new investments valued
 at the time such investment was made. The value of each Level 3 investment will be initially reviewed by the persons responsible for such
 portfolio company or investment. The Advisor will use a standardized template designed to approximate fair market value based on observable
 market inputs, updated credit statistics and unobservable inputs to determine a preliminary value. The Advisor will specify the titles
 of the persons responsible for determining the fair value of Company investments, including by specifying the particular functions for
 which they are responsible, and will reasonably segregate fair value determinations from the portfolio management of the Company such
 that the portfolio manager(s) may not determine, or effectively determine by exerting substantial influence on, the fair values ascribed
 to portfolio investments . 

Valuation
 Firm. Quarterly, third-party valuation firms engaged by the Advisor review the valuation methodologies and calculations employed for
 each of our investments that the Advisor has placed on the watch list and approximately 25 of our remaining investments.
 These third-party valuation firms will review and independently value all of the Level 3 investments at least once per year, on a
 rolling twelve-month basis. The quarterly report issued by these third-party valuation firms will provide positive assurance on the fair
 values of the investments reviewed. 

Oversight.
 The Board has appointed the Advisor as the valuation designee for the Company for purposes of making determinations of fair value
 as permitted by Rule 2a-5 under the 1940 Act. The Audit Committee shall aid the Board in overseeing the Advisor s fair valuation
 of securities that are not publicly traded or for which current market values are not readily available. The Audit Committee shall meet
 quarterly to review the fair value determinations, processes and written reports of the Advisor and third-party valuation firms as part
 of the Board s oversight responsibilities. 

64 

Refer to Note
5 Fair Value for more information on the Company s valuation process. 

Revenue
Recognition 

We
record interest income on an accrual basis to the extent that we expect to collect such amounts. For loans and debt securities with contractual
PIK interest, which represents contractual interest accrued and added to the principal balance, we generally will not accrue PIK interest
for accounting purposes if the portfolio company valuation indicates that such PIK interest is not collectible. We do not accrue as a
receivable interest on loans and debt securities for accounting purposes if we have reason to doubt our ability to collect such interest.
OIDs, market discounts or premiums are accreted or amortized using the effective interest method as interest income. We record prepayment
premiums on loans and debt securities as interest income. 

Related
Party Transactions 

Administration
Agreement. On December 16, 2021, we entered into an Administration Agreement with our Advisor, which serves as our Administrator,
pursuant to which the Administrator will furnish us with administrative services necessary to conduct our day-to-day operations.
The Administrator will be reimbursed for administrative expenses it incurs on our behalf in performing its obligations. As we reimburse
the Administrator for its expenses, we will indirectly bear such cost. The Administrator engaged U.S. Bank Global Fund Services under
a sub-administration agreement to assist the Administrator in performing certain of its administrative duties. The Administrator
may enter into additional sub-administration agreements with third-parties to perform other administrative and professional
services on behalf of the Administrator. 

Investment
Advisory Agreement . On December 16, 2021, we entered into the Investment Advisory Agreement with our Advisor. Our Advisor serves as
our investment advisor in accordance with the terms of our Investment Advisory Agreement. Payments under our Investment Advisory Agreement
in each reporting period will consist of a management fee equal to a percentage of the fair market value of investments, including, in
each case, assets purchased with borrowed funds or other forms of leverage, but excluding cash, U.S. government securities and commercial
paper instruments maturing within one year of purchase. 

For
services rendered under the Investment Advisory Agreement, we will pay a management fee quarterly in arrears to our Advisor based on the
of the fair market value of our investments including, in each case, assets purchased with borrowed funds or other forms of leverage,
but excluding cash, U.S. government securities and commercial paper instruments maturing within one year of purchase. 

65 

ITEM
7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

We
are subject to financial market risks, including changes in interest rates. Interest rate sensitivity refers to the change in our earnings
that may result from changes in the level of interest rates. Because we fund a portion of our investments with borrowings, our net investment
income will be affected by the difference between the rate at which we invest and the rate at which we borrow. As a result, there can
be no assurance that a significant change in market interest rates will not have a material adverse effect on our net investment income. 

Assuming that
the consolidated statement of assets and liabilities as of December 31, 2022 were to remain constant and that we took no actions to alter
our existing interest rate sensitivity, the following table shows the annualized impact in millions) of hypothetical base rate changes
in interest rate (considering interest rate floors for floating rate instruments). 

Change in Interest
 Rates 
 
 Increase
 (Decrease) in Interest Income 

Increase
 (Decrease) in Interest Expense 

Net
 Increase (Decrease) in Net Investment Income 

Down 200 basis points 

(2.2) 

(0.0) 

(2.2) 
 
 Down 100 basis points 

(1.1) 

0.0 

(1.1) 
 
 Up 100 basis points 

1.1 

0.0 

1.1 

Up 200 basis points 

2.2 

0.0 

2.2 

The data in
the table is based on the Company s current statement of assets and liabilities. 

We
may hedge against interest rate fluctuations by using standard hedging instruments such as futures, options and forward contracts subject
to the requirements of the 1940 Act. While hedging activities may insulate us against adverse changes in interest rates, they may also
limit our ability to participate in benefits of lower interest rates with respect to our portfolio of investments with fixed interest
rates. 

66 

ITEM
8. CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

Index
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Page 
 
 Report
 of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID 
 F-2 
 
 Consolidated
 Statement of Assets and Liabilities as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-3 
 
 Consolidated
 Statement of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-4 
 
 Consolidated
 Statement of Changes in Net Assets for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-5 
 
 Consolidated
 Statement of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-6 
 
 Consolidated
 Schedule of Investments as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-7 
 
 Notes
 to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F-12 

F- 1 

Report
of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

To
the Board of Directors and Shareholders of Kayne DL 2021, Inc. 

Opinion
on the Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying consolidated statements of assets and liabilities, including the consolidated schedules of investments,
of Kayne DL 2021, Inc. (the Company as of December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021, and the related consolidated statements
of operations, changes in net assets and cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2022 , including the related
notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements
present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021 ,and the
results of its operations, changes in its net assets and its cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2022,
in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion
on the Company s consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public
Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance
with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audits of these consolidated financial statements in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require
that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material
misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. 

Our
audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due
to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence
regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles
used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements.
Our procedures included confirmation of securities owned as of December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021, by correspondence with the custodian.
We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s/

March
10, 2023 

We
have served as the auditor of one or more investment companies in Kayne Anderson Funds Family since 2004. 

F- 2 

Kayne
DL 2021, Inc. 

Consolidated
Statement of Assets and Liabilities 

(amounts
in 000 s, except share and per share amounts) 

December
 31, 2022 

December
 31, 2021 

Assets: 

Investments, at fair value: 

Long-term
 investments (amortized cost of 
 and 

Short-term
 investments (amortized cost of 

- 

Cash and
 cash equivalents 

Deferred
 offering costs 

- 

Receivable
 for principal payments on investments 

- 

Interest
 receivable 

Prepaid
 expenses and other assets 

Total
 Assets 

Liabilities: 

Subscription
 Credit Facility (Note 6) 

- 

Unamortized
 Subscription Credit Facility issuance costs 

() 

- 

Payable
 for investments purchased 

- 

Distributions
 payable 

- 

Payable
 to affiliate 

- 

Management
 fee payable 

Accrued
 expenses and other liabilities 

Total
 Liabilities 

Commitments
 and contingencies (Note 8) 

Net
 Assets: 

Common Shares, 
 par value; 
 shares authorized; 
 and 
 as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, issued and outstanding 

- 

- 

Additional
 paid-in capital 

Total
 distributable earnings (deficit) 

Total
 Net Assets 

Total
 Liabilities and Net Assets 

Net
 Asset Value Per Common Share 

See
accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

F- 3 

Kayne
DL 2021, Inc. 

Consolidated
Statement of Operations 

(amounts
in 000 s, except share and per share amounts) 

For
 the years ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Income: 

Investment income from investments: 

Interest
 income 

Total
 investment income from investments 

Total
 Investment Income 

Expenses: 

Interest
 expense 

- 

Management
 fees 

Professional
 fees 

Directors
 fees 

Offering
 costs 

Initial
 organization costs 

- 

Other
 general and administrative expenses 

Total
 Expenses 

Net
 Investment Income (Loss) 

() 

Realized
 and unrealized gains (losses) on investments 

Net realized
 gains (losses): 

Investments 

- 

Total
 net realized gains (losses) 

- 

Net change
 in unrealized gains (losses): 

Investments 

Total
 net change in unrealized gains (losses) 

Total
 realized and unrealized gains (losses) 

Net
 Increase (Decrease) in Net Assets Resulting from Operations 

() 

Per
 Common Share Data: 

Basic
 and diluted net investment income per common share 

() 
 
 Basic
 and diluted net increase in net assets resulting from operations 

() 
 
 Weighted
 Average Common Shares Outstanding - Basic and Diluted 

See
accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

F- 4 

Kayne
DL 2021, Inc. 

Consolidated
Statement of Changes in Net Assets 

(amounts
in 000 s) 

For
 the years ended 

December
 31, 2022 

December
 31, 2021 

Increase (Decrease) in Net Assets Resulting from Operations: 

Net investment income
 (loss) 

() 
 
 Net realized gains (losses) on
 investments 

- 

Net change
 in unrealized gains (losses) on investments 

Net Increase
 (Decrease) in Net Assets Resulting from Operations 

() 

Decrease in Net Assets Resulting
 from Stockholder Distributions 

Dividends
 and distributions to stockholders 

() 

- 

Net Decrease
 in Net Assets Resulting from Stockholder Distributions 

() 

- 

Increase in Net Assets Resulting
 from Capital Share Transactions 

Issuance of common shares 

Reinvestment of distributions 

- 

Net Increase
 in Net Assets Resulting from Capital Share Transactions 

Total Increase (Decrease) in Net
 Assets 

Net Assets, Beginning of Period 

- 

Net Assets, End of Period 

See
accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

F- 5 

Kayne
DL 2021, Inc. 

Consolidated
Statement of Cash Flows 

(amounts
in 000 s) 

For
 the years ended 

December
 31, 2022 

December
 31, 2021 

Cash Flows from Operating Activities: 

Net
 increase (decrease) in net assets resulting from operations 

() 
 
 Adjustments to
 reconcile net increase (decrease) in net assets resulting from operations to net cash used in operating activities: 

Net realized
 (gains)/losses on investments 

() 

- 

Net change
 in unrealized (gains)/losses on investments 

() 

() 
 
 Net accretion
 of discount on investments 

() 

() 
 
 (Purchases)/sales
 of short-term investments, net 

() 
 
 Purchases of
 portfolio investments 

() 

() 
 
 Proceeds from
 sales of investments and principal repayments 

Amortization
 of deferred financing cost 

- 

Increase/(decrease)
 in operating assets and liabilities: 

(Increase)/decrease
 in interest and dividends receivable 

() 

() 
 
 (Increase)/decrease
 in deferred offering costs 

() 
 
 (Increase)/decrease
 in receivable for principal payments on investments 

() 

- 

(Increase)/decrease
 in prepaid expenses and other assets 

() 
 
 Increase/(decrease)
 in payable for investments purchased 

- 

Increase/(decrease)
 in management fees payable 

Increase/(decrease)
 in payable to affiliate 

) 

Increase/(decrease)
 in accrued other general and administrative expenses 

Net
 cash used in operating activities 

() 

() 
 
 Cash
 Flows from Financing Activities: 

Borrowings
 on subscription credit facility, net 

Payments of
 debt issuance costs 

() 

- 

Distributions
 paid in cash 

() 

- 

Proceeds
 from issuance of common shares 

Net
 cash provided by financing activities 

Net
 increase in cash and cash equivalents 

Cash
 and cash equivalents, beginning of period 

- 

Cash
 and cash equivalents, end of period 

Supplemental
 and Non-Cash Information: 

Interest paid
 during the period 

- 

Non-cash financing
 activities not included herein consisted of reinvestment of dividends 

- 

See
accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

F- 6 

Kayne
DL 2021, Inc. 

Consolidated
Schedule of Investments 

As
of December 31, 2022 

(amounts
in 000 s) 

Maturity 
 
 Principal
 / 

Amortized 

Fair 

Percentage 

Portfolio
 Company (1) 
 
 Investment 
 
 Interest
 Rate 
 
 Date 
 
 Par 

Cost (2)(3) 

Value 

of Net Assets 

Debt
 Investments 

Private
 Credit Investments (4) 

Aerospace
 defense 

Basel
 U.S. Acquisition Co., Inc. (IAC) (5) 
 
 First lien senior secured
 revolving loan 

(S + 

- 

- 

- 

First lien senior secured loan 

(S + 

Precinmac
 (US) Holdings, Inc. 
 
 First lien senior
 secured loan 

(S + 

Asset
 management custody banks 

Atria
 Wealth Solutions, Inc. 
 
 First lien senior
 secured delayed draw loan 

(S + 

Auto
 components 

Vehicle
 Accessories, Inc. 
 
 First lien senior
 secured loan 

(S + 

Biotechnology 

Alcami
 Corporation (Alcami) 
 
 First lien senior secured delayed draw
 loan 

(S + 

- 

- 

- 

First lien senior secured revolving
 loan 

(S + 

- 

- 

- 

First lien senior
 secured loan 

(S + 

Building
 products 

BCI
 Burke Holding Corp. 
 
 First lien senior secured delayed draw
 loan 

(L + 

First lien senior secured loan 

(L + 

First lien senior
 secured revolving loan 

(L + 

- 

- 

- 

Chemicals 

Schrieve
 Chemical Company, LLC 
 
 First lien senior
 secured loan 

(L + 

Commercial
 services supplies 

Allentown,
 LLC 
 
 First lien senior secured delayed draw
 loan 

(S + 

- 

- 

- 

First lien senior secured revolving
 loan 

(P + 

First lien senior secured loan 

(S + 

American
 Equipment Holdings LLC 

First
 lien secured delayed draw loan 

(S + 

- 

() 

- 

BLP
 Buyer, Inc. (Bishop Lifting Products) 
 
 First lien senior secured revolving
 loan 

(S + 

First lien senior secured loan 

(S + 

First lien senior
 secured loan 

(S + 

Containers
 packaging 

Drew
 Foam Companies, Inc. 
 
 First lien senior secured loan 

(S + 

FCA,
 LLC (FCA Packaging) 
 
 First lien senior secured revolving
 loan 

(S + 

- 

- 

- 

First lien senior
 secured loan 

(S + 

Diversified
 telecommunication services 

Pavion
 Corp., f/k/a Corbett Technology Solutions, Inc. 
 
 First lien senior secured loan 

(L + 

First lien senior
 secured loan 

(S + 

Electronic
 equipment, instruments components 

Process
 Insights, Inc. 
 
 First lien senior
 secured loan 

(S + 

See
accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

F- 7 

Kayne
DL 2021, Inc. 

Consolidated
Schedule of Investments 

As
of December 31, 2022 

(amounts
in 000 s) 

Maturity 
 
 Principal / 

Amortized 

Fair 

Percentage 

Portfolio Company (1) 
 
 Investment 
 
 Interest
 Rate 
 
 Date 
 
 Par 

Cost (2)(3) 

Value 

of Net Assets 

Food products 

BR
 PJK Produce, LLC (Keany) 
 
 First lien senior
 secured loan 

(S + 

First
 lien senior secured delayed draw loan 

(S + 

- 

- 

- 

Gulf
 Pacific Holdings, LLC 
 
 First
 lien senior secured delayed draw loan 

(S + 

- 

- 

- 

First lien senior secured revolving
 loan 

(S + 

First lien senior secured loan 

(S + 

IF P
 Foods, LLC (FreshEdge) (6) 
 
 First
 lien senior secured delayed draw loan 

(S + 

- 

- 

- 

First lien senior secured revolving
 loan 

(S + 

First lien senior secured loan 

(S + 

Siegel
 Egg Co., LLC 
 
 First lien senior secured revolving
 loan 

(L + 

First lien senior secured loan 

(L + 

Health
 care providers services 

Brightview,
 LLC 
 
 First lien senior secured delayed
 draw loan 

(L + 

First
 lien senior secured revolving loan 

(L + 

- 

- 

- 

First lien senior secured loan 

(L + 

Guardian
 Dentistry Partners 
 
 First lien senior secured delayed
 draw loan 

(S + 

First lien senior secured loan 

(S + 

Light
 Wave Dental Management LLC 
 
 First lien senior secured delayed
 draw loan 

(S + 

First lien senior secured revolving
 loan 

(S + 

First lien senior secured loan 

(S + 

OMH-HealthEdge
 Holdings, LLC 
 
 First lien senior secured loan 

(L + 

SGA
 Dental Partners Holdings, LLC 
 
 First lien senior secured delayed
 draw loan 

(S + 

First lien senior secured loan 

(S + 

First
 lien senior secured revolving loan 

(S + 

- 

- 

- 

Healthcare
 equipment supplies 

LSL
 Industries, LLC (LSL Healthcare) 
 
 First
 lien senior secured delayed draw loan 

(S + 

- 

- 

- 

First
 lien senior secured revolving loan 

(S + 

- 

- 

- 

First lien senior secured loan 

(S + 

See
accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

F- 8 

Kayne
DL 2021, Inc. 

Consolidated
Schedule of Investments 

As
of December 31, 2022 

(amounts
in 000 s) 

Maturity 

Principal/ 

Amortized 

Fair 

Percentage 

Portfolio
 Company (1) 

Investment 
 
 Interest
 Rate 
 
 Date 

Par 

Cost (2)(3) 

Value 

of Net Assets 

Insurance 

Allcat
 Claims Service, LLC 
 
 First lien senior secured delayed
 draw loan 
 
 10.24 (S
 + 6.00 
 
 7/7/2027 

462 

439 

462 

0.5 

First lien senior secured revolving
 loan 
 
 10.33 (S
 + 6.00 
 
 7/7/2027 

142 

136 

142 

0.1 

First lien senior secured loan 
 
 10.41 (S
 + 6.00 
 
 7/7/2027 

668 

655 

668 

0.6 

1,272 

1,230 

1,272 

1.2 

IT
 services 

Domain
 Information Services Inc. (Integris) 
 
 First lien senior secured loan 
 
 10.63 (S
 + 6.25 
 
 9/30/2025 

5,000 

4,879 

5,000 

4.7 

Improving
 Acquisition LLC 
 
 First lien senior secured revolving
 loan 
 
 10.24 (S
 + 6.00 
 
 7/26/2027 

- 

- 

- 

0.0 

First lien senior secured loan 
 
 10.24 (S
 + 6.00 
 
 7/26/2027 

4,635 

4,538 

4,635 

4.4 

9,635 

9,417 

9,635 

9.1 

Leisure
 products 

MacNeill
 Pride Group 
 
 First lien senior secured delayed
 draw loan 
 
 11.09 (S
 + 6.25 
 
 4/22/2026 

1,233 

1,210 

1,202 

1.2 

First lien senior secured revolving
 loan 
 
 11.09 (S
 + 6.25 
 
 4/22/2026 

130 

126 

127 

0.1 

1,363 

1,336 

1,329 

1.3 

Machinery 

Pennsylvania
 Machine Works, LLC 
 
 First lien senior secured loan 
 
 11.09 (S
 + 6.25 
 
 3/6/2027 

968 

959 

968 

0.9 

PVI
 Holdings, Inc 
 
 First lien senior secured loan 
 
 10.12 (S
 + 6.38 
 
 7/18/2027 

2,068 

2,037 

2,068 

2.0 

3,036 

2,996 

3,036 

2.9 

See
accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

F- 9 

Kayne
DL 2021, Inc. 

Consolidated
Schedule of Investments 

As
of December 31, 2022 

(amounts
in 000 s) 

Maturity 
 
 Principal
 / 

Amortized 

Fair 

Percentage 

Portfolio
 Company (1) 
 
 Investment 
 
 Interest
 Rate 
 
 Date 
 
 Par 

Cost (2)(3) 

Value 

of Net Assets 

Professional
 services 

DISA
 Holdings Corp. (DISA) 
 
 First lien senior secured delayed
 draw loan 

(S + 

First lien senior secured revolving
 loan 

(S + 

- 

First lien senior secured loan 

(S + 

Universal
 Marine Medical Supply International, LLC (Unimed) 
 
 First lien senior secured revolving
 loan 

(S + 

First lien
 senior secured loan 

(S + 

Software 

AIDC
 Intermediate Co 2, LLC (Peak Technologies) 
 
 First lien
 senior secured loan 

(S + 

Textiles,
 apparel luxury goods 

American
 Soccer Company, Incorporated (SCORE) 
 
 First lien senior secured revolving
 loan 

(S + 

First lien
 senior secured loan 

(S + 

Trading
 companies distributors 

BCDI
 Meteor Acquisition, LLC (Meteor) 
 
 First lien senior secured loan 

(S + 

CGI
 Automated Manufacturing, LLC 
 
 First
 lien senior secured revolving loan 

(S + 

- 

- 

- 

First lien senior secured delayed
 draw loan 

(S + 

First lien senior secured loan 

(S + 

Genuine
 Cable Group, LLC 
 
 First lien senior secured loan 

(S + 

I.D.
 Images Acquisition, LLC 
 
 First lien senior secured loan 

(S + 

First lien
 senior secured loan 

(S + 

Wireless
 telecommunication services 

Centerline
 Communications, LLC 
 
 First lien senior secured loan 

(S + 

First lien
 senior secured delayed draw loan 

(S + 

Total
 Private Credit Investments 

Total
 Debt Investments 

Total
 Investments 

Liabilities
 in Excess of Other Assets 

() 

() 
 
 Net
 Assets 

(1) 

(2) 

(3) 

(4) 

(5) 

(6) 

See accompanying
notes to consolidated financial statements. 

F- 10 

Kayne
DL 2021, Inc. 

Consolidated
Schedule of Investments 

As
of December 31, 2021 

(amounts
in 000 s) 

Maturity 
 
 Principal
 / 

Amortized 

Fair 

Percentage 

Portfolio
 Company (1) 
 
 Investment 
 
 Interest
 Rate 
 
 Date 
 
 Par 

Cost (2)(3) 

Value 

of Net Assets 

Debt
 Investments 

Private
 Credit Investments (4) 

Capital
 goods 

I.D.
 Images Acquisition, LLC 
 
 First
 lien senior secured loan 

(L + 

Consumer
 durables apparel 

BCI
 Burke Holding Corp. 
 
 First lien senior secured loan 

(L + 

First lien senior secured revolving
 loan 

(L + 

First lien
 senior secured delayed draw loan 

(L + 

- 

- 

- 

Food
 beverage 

Siegel
 Egg Co., LLC 
 
 First lien senior secured revolving
 loan 

(L + 

First lien
 senior secured loan 

(L + 

Health
 care equipment services 

Brightview,
 LLC 
 
 First lien senior secured loan 

(L + 

First lien senior secured delayed
 draw loan 

(L + 

- 

- 

- 

First lien senior secured revolving
 loan 

(L + 

- 

- 

- 

Guardian
 Dentistry Partners 
 
 First lien senior secured loan 

(L + 

First lien senior secured delayed
 draw loan 

(L + 

- 

- 

- 

SGA
 Dental Partners Holdings, LLC 
 
 First lien senior secured loan 

(L + 

First lien senior secured delayed
 draw loan 

(L + 

- 

- 

- 

First lien
 senior secured revolving loan 

(L + 

- 

- 

- 

Software
 services 

Peak
 Technologies 
 
 First lien
 senior secured loan 

(L + 

Telecommunication
 services 

Corbett
 Technology Solutions, Inc. 
 
 First lien
 senior secured loan 

(L + 

Total
 Private Credit Investments 

Total
 Debt Investments 

Number
 of Shares 

Cost 

Fair 
 Value 

Percentage 
 of Net Assets 

Short-Term
 Investments 

First
 American Treasury Obligations Fund - Institutional Class Z, 0.01 (5) 

Total
 Short-Term Investments 

Total
 Investments 

Liabilities
 in Excess of Other Assets 

() 

() 
 
 Net
 Assets 

(1) 

(2) 
 The amortized cost represents the original
 cost adjusted for the amortization of discounts and premiums, as applicable, on debt investments using the effective interest method. 

(3) 

(4) 

(5) 

See accompanying
notes to consolidated financial statements. 

F- 11 

Kayne
DL 2021, Inc. 

Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

(amounts
in 000 s, except share and per share amounts) 

to purchase shares of the Company s common stock. See Note 12 Subsequent Events. 

F- 12 

Kayne
DL 2021, Inc. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (amounts in 000 s, except share and per share amounts) 

F- 13 

Kayne
DL 2021, Inc. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (amounts in 000 s, except share and per share amounts) 

of the Company s remaining investments. The third-party valuation firms will review and independently value all of the Level 3
 investments at least once per year, on a rolling twelve-month basis. The quarterly report issued by these third-party valuation firms
 will provide positive assurance on the fair values of the investments reviewed. 

F- 14 

Kayne
DL 2021, Inc. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (amounts in 000 s, except share and per share amounts) 

of its investment company taxable income (ordinary income and short-term capital gains) to qualify as a RIC and it must distribute all
of its taxable income (ordinary income, short-term capital gains and long-term capital gains) to avoid federal income taxes. The Company
will be subject to federal income tax on any undistributed portion of income. For purposes of the distribution test, the Company may elect
to treat as paid on the last day of its taxable year all or part of any distributions that are declared after the end of its taxable year
if such distributions are declared before the due date of its tax return, including any extensions. 

A distribution will be treated as paid during the calendar year if it is paid during the calendar year or
declared by the Company in October, November or December of such year, payable to stockholders of record on a date during such months
and paid by the Company no later than January of the following year. Any such distributions paid during January of the following year
will be deemed to be received by stockholders on December 31 of the year the distributions are declared, rather than when the distributions
are actually received. 

F- 15 

Kayne
DL 2021, Inc. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (amounts in 000 s, except share and per share amounts) 

F- 16 

Kayne
DL 2021, Inc. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (amounts in 000 s, except share and per share amounts) 

and ,
respectively. 

during the year ended December 31, 2022. See Note 12 Subsequent Events. 

Short-term investments 

- 

- 

Total Investments 

of the Company s total assets were non-qualifying assets as defined by Section 55(a) of the 1940 Act. As of December 31, 2021, all
of the Company s investments were qualifying assets as defined by Section 55(a) of the 1940 Act. 

F- 17 

Kayne
DL 2021, Inc. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (amounts in 000 s, except share and per share amounts) 

Food products 

Health care providers services 

IT services 

Professional services 

Commercial services supplies 

Containers packaging 

Aerospace defense 

Biotechnology 

Wireless telecommunication services 

Machinery 

Software 

Textiles, apparel luxury goods 

Building products 

Diversified telecommunication services 

Auto components 

Healthcare equipment supplies 

Electronic equipment, instruments components 

Leisure products 

Insurance 

Chemicals 

Asset management custody
 banks 

Total 

Food beverage 

Consumer durables apparel 

Telecommunication services 

Capital goods 

Software services 

Total 

F- 18 

Kayne
DL 2021, Inc. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (amounts in 000 s, except share and per share amounts) 

Short-term investments 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Total Investments 

- 

- 

Short-term investments 

- 

- 

Total Investments 

- 

Purchases of investments 

Proceeds from sales of investments and principal repayments 

() 
 
 Net change in unrealized gain (loss) 

Net realized gain (loss) 

Net accretion of discount on investments 

Transfers into (out of) Level
 3 

- 

Fair value, end of period 

Proceeds from principal payments and sales of investments 

() 
 
 Net change in unrealized gain (loss) 

Net accretion of discount on investments 

Transfers into (out of) Level
 3 

- 

Fair value, end of period 

F- 19 

Kayne
DL 2021, Inc. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (amounts in 000 s, except share and per share amounts) 

F- 20 

Kayne
DL 2021, Inc. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (amounts in 000 s, except share and per share amounts) 

- 

- 

, the Company entered into a senior secured revolving credit facility (the Subscription Credit Facility ),
that has a total commitment of 
and a maturity date of February 22, 2024. The Subscription Credit Facility permits the Company to borrow up to ,
subject to availability under the borrowing base which is calculated based on the unused capital commitments of the investors meeting
various eligibility requirements. The interest rate on the Subscription Credit Facility is equal to SOFR plus an applicable spread of
 
with no floor. The Company is also required to pay a commitment fee of 
per annum on any unused portion of the Subscription Credit Facility. See Note 12 Subsequent Events. 

Total debt 

. 
As of December 31, 2022, the Company had 
outstanding under the Subscription Credit Facility at a weighted average rate of .
The Company does not routinely use leverage, and there are many days when there are no borrowings outstanding under its Subscription Credit
Facility. There was no Subscription Credit Facility in place at December 31, 2021. 

F- 21 

Kayne
DL 2021, Inc. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (amounts in 000 s, except share and per share amounts) 

October 14, 2022 

December 9, 2022 

Total common
 stock issued 

December 20, 2021 

Total common
 stock issued 

to purchase shares of common stock. Of this amount, the Company had 
of undrawn commitments at December 31, 2022. See Note 12 Subsequent Events. 

July 19, 2022 

October 18, 2022 

December 16, 2022 

July 20, 2022 

October 13, 2022 

shares issued with a DRIP value of .
These shares are excluded from the table above, as the DRIP shares were issued after December 31, 2022. 

F- 22 

Kayne
DL 2021, Inc. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (amounts in 000 s, except share and per share amounts) 

and ,
respectively, of unfunded commitments to provide debt financing to its portfolio companies as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. Such commitments
are generally subject to the satisfaction of certain financial and nonfinancial covenants and certain operational metrics. The commitment
period for these amounts may be shorter than the maturity date if drawn or funded. These commitments are not reflected in the Company s
consolidated statements of assets and liabilities. Consequently, such commitments result in an element of credit risk in excess of the
amount recognized in the Company s consolidated statements of assets and liabilities. 

- 

Allcat Claims Service, LLC 

- 

Allentown, LLC 

- 

American Equipment Holdings LLC 

- 

American Soccer Company, Incorporated (SCORE) 

- 

Atria Wealth Solutions, Inc. 

- 

Basel U.S. Acquisition Co., Inc. (IAC) 

- 

BCI Burke Holding Corp. 

BLP Buyer, Inc. (Bishop Lifting Products) 

- 

BR PJK Produce, LLC (Keany) 

- 

Brightview, LLC 

CGI Automated Manufacturing, LLC 

- 

DISA Holdings Corp. (DISA) 

- 

FCA, LLC (FCA Packaging) 

- 

Guardian Dentistry Partners 

- 

Gulf Pacific Holdings, LLC 

- 

IF P Foods, LLC (FreshEdge) 

- 

Improving Acquisition LLC 

- 

LSL Industries, LLC (LSL Healthcare) 

- 

Light Wave Dental Management LLC 

- 

MacNeill Pride Group 

- 

SGA Dental Partners Holdings, LLC 

Siegel Egg Co., LLC 

Universal Marine Medical Supply
 International, LLC (Unimed) 

- 

Total unfunded commitments 

() 
 
 Weighted
 average shares of common stock outstanding - basic and diluted 

Earnings
 (loss) per share of common stock - basic and diluted 

() 

F- 23 

Kayne
DL 2021, Inc. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (amounts in 000 s, except share and per share amounts) 

excise tax on such income, to the extent required. 

Increase (decrease) in additional
 paid-in capital 

() 

() 

() 
 
 Net change in unrealized losses (gains) from investments 

() 

() 
 
 Non-deductible expenses, offering costs disallowed 

Other book tax differences 

() 

Taxable income before deductions
 for distributions 

() 

- 

Capital gains 

- 

- 

Return of capital 

- 

- 

Total 

- 

F- 24 

Kayne
DL 2021, Inc. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (amounts in 000 s, except share and per share amounts) 

- 

Undistributed capital gains 

- 

- 

Capital loss carryforward 

- 

- 

Other accumulated gain (loss) 

- 

- 

Other temporary book / tax differences 

() 

() 
 
 Net unrealized appreciation (depreciation) 

Total 

Gross unrealized appreciation 

Gross unrealized depreciation 

() 

- 

Net unrealized appreciation/(depreciation)
 on investments 

F- 25 

Kayne
DL 2021, Inc. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (amounts in 000 s, except share and per share amounts) 

Results of Operations: 

Net Investment Income 

() 
 
 Net
 Realized and Unrealized Gain (Loss) on Investments (3) 

Net Increase (Decrease) in Net
 Assets Resulting from Operations 

Distributions to Common Stockholders 

Distributions
 from Net Investment Income 

() 

- 

Net Decrease in Net Assets Resulting
 from Distributions 

() 

- 

Net Asset Value, End of Period 

Shares Outstanding, End of Period 

Ratio/Supplemental
 Data 

Net assets, end of period 

Weighted-average shares outstanding 

Total Return (4) 

() 
 
 Portfolio turnover 

Ratio of operating expenses to average
 net assets (5) 

N/M 

Ratio of net investment income (loss)
 to average net assets (5) 

N/M 

(3) 
 Realized and unrealized gains and losses per share in this caption
 are balancing amounts necessary to reconcile the change in net asset value per share for the period, and may not reconcile with the aggregate
 gains and losses in the Consolidated Statement of Operations due to share transactions during the period. 
 
 (4) 
 Total return is calculated as the change in net asset value
 NAV per share during the period, plus distributions per share (if any), divided by the beginning NAV per share. The calculation
 also assumes reinvestment of dividends at actual prices pursuant to the Company s dividend reinvestment plan. Total return is not
 annualized. 
 
 (5) 
 For the year ended December 31, 2021, not meaningful (N/M).
 The calculations of the ratio of operating expenses to average net assets and ratio of net investment income (loss) to average net assets
 are not meaningful, as the Company commenced investment operations on December 16, 2021 and therefore had 16 days of activity during 2021.
 The expenses of the Company consist primarily of non recurring organizational expense and annual tax preparation and audit expense. 

per share to each common stockholder of record as of December 29, 2022. The total distribution was 
and 
was reinvested into the Company through the purchase of 
shares of common stock. 

shares of its common stock for an aggregate offering price of .
KACALP, an affiliate of the Advisor, made an equity contribution of 
associated with its 
commitment for this February 28, 2023 share issuance. The Company has subscription agreements with investors for an aggregate capital
commitment of 
to purchase shares of common stock 
is undrawn). 

per share to each common stockholder of record as of March 31, 2023. The distribution will be paid on April 14, 2023. 

F- 26 

ITEM
9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

There
are not and have not been any disagreements between us and our accountant on any matter of accounting principles, practices or financial
statement disclosure. 

ITEM
9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Our
management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, has evaluated the effectiveness of our
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
amended, or the Exchange Act), as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Based on such evaluation, our Chief
Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that, as of such date, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective
at a reasonable assurance level. 

Report
of Management on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

This
annual report does not include an annual report of management s assessment regarding internal control over financial reporting or
attestation report of our registered public accounting firm due to a transition period established by the rules of the Securities and
Exchange Commission for newly public companies. 

Internal
Control Over Financial Reporting 

There
have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during our most recently completed fiscal quarter
that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

ITEM
9B. OTHER INFORMATION 

None. 

ITEM 9C.
DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 

Not Applicable. 

67 

PART
III 

ITEM 10.
DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

The information
required by this item will be contained in the Company s definitive Proxy Statement for its 2023 Annual Stockholder Meeting, to
be filed with the SEC within 120 days after December 31, 2022 and is incorporated herein by reference. 

ITEM
11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

The information
required by this item will be contained in the Company s definitive Proxy Statement for its 2023 Annual Stockholder Meeting, to
be filed with the SEC within 120 days after December 31, 2022 and is incorporated herein by reference. 

ITEM
12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

The information
required by this item will be contained in the Company s definitive Proxy Statement for its 2023 Annual Stockholder Meeting, to
be filed with the SEC within 120 days after December 31, 2022 and is incorporated herein by reference. 

ITEM
13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

The information
required by this item will be contained in the Company s definitive Proxy Statement for its 2023 Annual Stockholder Meeting, to
be filed with the SEC within 120 days after December 31, 2022 and is incorporated herein by reference. 

ITEM
14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 

The information
required by this item will be contained in the Company s definitive Proxy Statement for its 2023 Annual Stockholder Meeting, to
be filed with the SEC within 120 days after December 31, 2022 and is incorporated herein by reference. 

68 

PART
IV 

ITEM
15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

(a)
DOCUMENTS FILED AS PART OF THIS REPORT 

The
following is a list of our consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K under Item 8 of Part II hereof: 

1.
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTAL DATA 

Index
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Page 
 
 Report
 of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 F-2 
 
 Consolidated
 Statements of Assets and Liabilities as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-3 
 
 Consolidated
 Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-4 
 
 Consolidated
 Statements of Changes in Net Assets for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-5 
 
 Consolidated
 Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-6 
 
 Consolidated
 Schedules of Investments as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-7 
 
 Notes
 to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F-12 

69 

(b)
EXHIBITS 

3.1 
 Certificate
 of Incorporation (1) 

3.2 
 Amended
 and Restated Bylaws (2) 

4.1 
 
 Description
 of Securities 

10.1 
 Investment
 Advisory Agreement (1) 

10.2 
 Amendment to Investment Advisory Agreement 

10.3 
 Administration
 Agreement (1) 

10.4 
 License
 Agreement (1) 

10.5 
 Indemnification
 Agreement (1) 

10.6 
 Custody
 Agreement (1) 

10.7 
 Subscription
 Agreement (1) 

10.8 
 Subscription
 Credit Agreement (3) 

14.1 
 Code of Ethics as amended March
 1, 2021 

14.2 
 Supplemental Antifraud Code of Ethics
 for Principal Officers and Senior Financial Officers 

31.1 
 Certification
 of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rule 13a-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
 Act of 2002 

31.2 
 Certification
 of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rule 13a-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
 Act of 2002 

32.1 
 Certification
 of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

32.2 
 Certification
 of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

101.INS 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document. 

101.SCH 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema
 Document. 

101.CAL 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation
 Linkbase Document. 

101.DEF 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition
 Linkbase Document. 

101.LAB 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label
 Linkbase Document. 

101.PRE 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation
 Linkbase Document. 

104 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted
 as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 

(1) 
 Incorporated by reference from the
 Company s Amendment No. 1 to Form 10, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 11, 2021. 

(2) 
 Incorporated by reference from the
 Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
 on August 15, 2022. 

(3) 
 
 Incorporated
 by reference from the Company s Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, as filed with the Securities and
 Exchange Commission on March 3, 2022. 

Filed
 herewith 

ITEM
16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 

None. 

70 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed
on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

Kayne
 DL 2021, Inc. 

Dated: March
 10, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 James C. Baker, Jr. 

James C. Baker,
 Jr. 

Chief Executive
 Officer 

(Principal
 Executive Officer) 

Dated: March 10, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Terry A. Hart 

Terry A. Hart 

Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

71 

<EX-4.1>
 2
 f10k2022ex4-1_kaynedl2021.htm
 DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES

Exhibit 4.1 

DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES 

 REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12 OF THE SECURITIES

EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

Capitalized terms used but not defined herein
have the meaning ascribed to them in the annual report on Form 10-K to which this Description of Securities is an exhibit (the Annual
Report ). This summary is not complete, and the Company refers you to the Delaware General Corporation Law, the Company s
charter and by-laws and the Investment Company Act of 1940 1940 Act for a more detailed description of the provisions
summarized below. 

General 

Under the terms of the Company s Certificate
of Incorporation, the Company s authorized stock consists of 100,000 of which 100,000 shares shall be common stock having a par
value of 0.001 per share (the Common Stock ). Under Delaware law, shareholders generally are not personally liable
for the Company s debts or obligations. The number of authorized shares of Common Stock may be increased or decreased (but not below
the number of shares thereof then outstanding) by the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the stock of the Corporation entitled
to vote, irrespective of the provisions of Section 242(b)(2) of the Delaware General Corporation Law. 

Under the terms of the Company s Certificate
of Incorporation, holders of Common Stock, except as otherwise required by law or as otherwise provided in any preferred stock designation,
shall exclusively possess all voting power, and each share of Common Stock shall have one vote. Except as otherwise required by law, the
Board of Directors reserves the right to amend any provision contained in this Certificate of Incorporation as the same may from time
to time be in effect in the manner now or hereafter prescribed by law, and all rights conferred on stockholders or others hereunder are
subject to such reservation. 

Transfers of Shares 

Other than to an affiliate of an investor, no
transfer of the Capital Commitments or all or any portion of the shares may be made without (a) registration of the transfer on the
Company s books and (b) the Company s prior written consent which shall not be unreasonably withheld. The Company s
consent to transfer shares may be withheld (1) if the creditworthiness of the proposed transferee, as determined by the Company in
its sole discretion, is not sufficient to satisfy all obligations under the subscription agreement or (2) unless, in the opinion
of counsel satisfactory in form and substance to the Company: 

such transfer would not violate the Securities Act of 1933 or any state (or other jurisdiction) securities
or blue sky laws applicable to the Company or the shares to be transferred; and 

in the case of a transfer to: 

o an employee benefit plan as defined in Section 3(3)
of ERISA, that is subject to the fiduciary responsibility provisions of Title I of ERISA; 

o a plan described in Section 4975(e)(1) of
the Code, that is subject to Section 4975 of the Code; 

o an entity that is, or is deemed to be, using (for purposes of
ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code) plan assets to purchase or hold its investments; or 

o a person (including an entity) that has discretionary authority
or control with respect to Company s assets or a person who provides investment advice with respect to Company s assets or
an affiliate of such person, 

such transfer would not be a prohibited transaction under ERISA or Section 4975 of
the Code or cause all or any portion of the Company s assets to constitute plan assets under ERISA or Section 4975
of the Code. 

1 

Delaware Law and Certain Charter and By-Law
Provisions; Anti-Takeover Measures 

The Company s Certificate of Incorporation
and by-laws provide that: 

The Company s directors are divided into three classes. At each annual meeting, directors are elected
for a term expiring at the third succeeding annual meeting, with the term of office of only one of these three classes of directors expiring
each year. Each director will hold office for the term to which he or she is elected and until his or her successor is duly elected and
qualifies; 

The entire Board of Directors or any individual Director may be removed from office for cause (as defined
in the Corporation s certificate of incorporation), or without cause, by the holders of the majority of the outstanding shares then
entitled to vote; and 

Any vacancy occurring in any office of the Company shall be filled by the Board of Directors. 

Special meetings of the shareholders may be called
by the secretary only at the request of the Chairman of the Board of Directors, the Chief Executive Officer or by a resolution duly adopted
by the affirmative vote of a majority of the Board of Directors. Such request shall state the purpose or purposes of the proposed
meeting. Business transacted at any special meeting shall be limited to matters relating to the purpose or purposes stated in the
notice of meeting. 

A special meeting of stockholders shall also be
called by the secretary of the Company to act on any matter that may properly be considered at a meeting of shareholders upon the written
request of shareholders entitled to cast not less than the majority of all the votes entitled to be cast on such matter at such meeting.
The written request must state the purpose of such meeting and the matters proposed to be acted on at such meeting. Within ten days after
receipt of such written request, either in person or by mail, the secretary of the Company shall provide all shareholders with written
notice, either in person or by mail, of such meeting and the purpose of such meeting. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein,
such meeting shall be held not less than 10 days nor more than 60 days after the secretary s delivery of such notice. Such meeting
shall be held telephonically or, if specified in the shareholder s request, in person, at the offices of the Company, at a time
specified in the shareholder s request. 

Anti-Takeover Provisions 

The Company s Certificate of Incorporation
includes provisions that could have the effect of limiting the ability of other entities or persons to acquire control of the Company
or to change the composition of the Board of Directors. The entire Board of Directors or any individual Director may be removed from office
for cause (as defined in the Corporation s certificate of incorporation), or without cause, by the holders of the majority of the
outstanding shares then entitled to vote. 

To convert the Company to a closed-end or open-end
investment company, to merge or consolidate the Company with any entity or sell all or substantially all of the Company s assets
to any entity in a transaction as a result of which the governing documents of the surviving entity do not contain substantially the same
anti-takeover provisions as are provided in the Company s Certificate of Incorporation or to liquidate and dissolve the Company
other than in connection with a qualifying merger, consolidation or sale of assets or to amend certain of the provisions relating to these
matters, requires the favorable vote of a majority of the Company s continuing directors followed by the favorable vote of the holders
of a majority of the Company s then outstanding shares of each affected class or series of the Company s shares, voting separately
as a class or series. As part of any such conversion to an open-end investment company, substantially all of the Company s investment
policies and strategies and portfolio would have to be modified to assure the degree of portfolio liquidity required for open-end investment
companies. In the event of the Company s conversion to an open-end investment company, if applicable, the common stock would cease
to be listed on any national securities exchange or market system. Shareholders of an open-end investment company may require the company
to redeem their shares at any time, except in certain circumstances as authorized by or under the 1940 Act, at their net asset value,
less such redemption charge, if any, as might be in effect at the time of a redemption. It is not likely that the Board of Directors would
vote to convert the Company to an open-end fund. 

The 1940 Act defines a majority of the
outstanding voting securities as the lesser of a majority of the outstanding shares and 67 of a quorum of a majority of the outstanding
shares. For the purposes of calculating a majority of the outstanding voting securities under the Company s Certificate
of Incorporation, each class and series of the Company s shares will vote together as a single class, except to the extent required
by the 1940 Act or the Company s Certificate of Incorporation, with respect to any class or series of shares. If a separate class
vote is required, the applicable proportion of shares of the class or series, voting as a separate class or series, also will be required. 

2 

</EX-4.1>

<EX-10.2>
 3
 f10k2022ex10-2_kaynedl2021.htm
 AMENDMENT TO INVESTMENT ADVISORY AGREEMENT

Exhibit 10.2 

KAYNE DL 2021, INC. 

Amendment to Investment
Advisory Agreement 

THIS AMENDMENT TO INVESTMENT ADVISORY AGREEMENT (the
 Amendment is made as of November 8, 2022 by and between KAYNE DL 2021, INC. , a Delaware corporation (the
 Company and KA CREDIT ADVISORS II, LLC , a Delaware limited liability company (the Adviser ). 

RECITALS 

A. The Company
and the Adviser are parties to that certain Investment Advisory Agreement dated as of June 7, 2021 (as further amended, restated, supplemented
or otherwise modified from time to time, the Agreement ). 

B. The parties
wish to modify and amend the Agreement to clarify that the authority of the Adviser does not involve access to the Company s assets
in a manner that would constitute custody of those assets by the Adviser for purposes of Rule 206(4)-2 under the Advisers Act. 

C. Unless
otherwise defined, capitalized terms used herein shall have the definitions given to such terms in the Agreement. 

AGREEMENT 

1. Amendments .
The following text is hereby added to Section 1(c) to replace the last sentence of Section 1(c): 

The Company also grants to the Adviser power and authority to engage
in all activities and transactions (and anything incidental thereto) that the Adviser deems, in its sole discretion, appropriate, necessary
or advisable to carry out its duties pursuant to this Agreement in accordance with applicable securities laws and compliance policies
and procedures or the Adviser, including but not limited to effecting and settling transactions, and entering into agreements incident
thereto, as authorized by this Agreement. 

2. Agreement
in Full Force and Effect . The Agreement shall otherwise remain in full force and effect and enforceable in accordance with its express
terms. 

3. Miscellaneous .
This Amendment shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws specified in Section 15 of the Agreement. This Amendment
may be modified or amended only in accordance with the terms set forth in the Agreement. This Amendment may be executed in any number
of counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original but all of which together shall constitute but one and the same instrument. 

[ Signature Page Follows ] 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused
this Amendment to be duly executed and attested by their duly authorized officers, all on the day and year written on the first page of
this Amendment. 

The Company: 
 
 The Adviser: 

KAYNE DL 2021, INC. 
 
 KA CREDIT ADVISORS II, LLC 

By: 

By: 

Name: 
 Terry A. Hart 
 
 Name: 
 Michael O Neil 
 
 Title: 
 Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer 
 
 Title: 
 Chief Compliance Officer 

</EX-10.2>

<EX-14.1>
 4
 f10k2022ex14-1_kaynedl2021.htm
 CODE OF ETHICS AS AMENDED MARCH 1, 2021

Exhibit 14.1 

Kayne Anderson BDC, LLC 
Kayne DL 2021, Inc. 

CODE OF ETHICS 

 AND 

 POLICY ON PERSONAL TRADING 

Introduction 

Kayne Anderson BDC,
LLC KABDC and Kayne DL 2021, Inc. KDL ), (each a Company and collectively, the Companies are regulated as business development companies under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the 1940 Act and
subject to Rule 17j-1 under the Act Rule 17j-1 ). Rule 17j-1 requires that each Company adopt a written code of ethics that
specifically addresses trading practices by Access Persons (defined below). Rule 17j-1 makes it unlawful for any Access Person of the
Companies or their investment advisers, KA Credit Advisors, LLC and KA Credit II, LLC, respectively, (each an Adviser and
collectively, the Advisers to: 

Employ any device, scheme or artifice to defraud the Companies; 

Make any untrue statement of material fact to the Companies or omit to state a material fact necessary
in order to make the statement made to the Companies, in light of the circumstances under which they are made, not misleading; 

Engage in an act, practice, or course of business that operates or would operate as a fraud or deceit
on the Companies; or 

Engage in any manipulative practice with respect to the Companies. 

Furthermore, the following
three general fiduciary principles are understood to govern the activities of the Companies advisory personnel: 

such personnel have a duty at all times to place the interests of the Companies shareholders first; 

all personal securities transactions by such personnel must be conducted consistent with the Code of Ethics and in such a manner as
to avoid any actual or potential conflict of interest or any abuse of an individual s position of trust and responsibility; and 

such personnel should not take inappropriate advantage of their positions. 

In accordance with Rule
17j-1, each Company has adopted this Code of Ethics containing provisions it deems reasonably necessary to prevent those of its Access
Persons from engaging in any such prohibited acts. 

In addition, each Adviser
is registered as an investment adviser under the Investment Advisers Act of 1940 (the Advisers Act ). Rule 204A-1 under the
Advisers Act requires a registered investment adviser to establish, maintain and enforce a code of ethics that includes certain specified
provisions. Each Adviser has adopted a separate code of ethics designed to meet the requirements of Rule 204A-1 and Rule 17j-1. 

1. Definitions 

(a) Access Person means any officer or director of the Companies and any of their employees, who, in connection with his or
her regular functions or duties, makes, participates in, or obtains information regarding the purchase or sale of a security by the Companies,
or whose functions relate to the making of any recommendations with respect to such purchases or sales; and any natural person in a control
relationship to the Companies who obtains information with respect to the Companies with regard to the purchase or sale of a security. 

(b) Security shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2(a)(36) of the 1940 Act except securities issued by the Government
of the United States or by federal agencies and which are direct obligations of the United States, bankers acceptances, certificates
of deposit, commercial paper, money market funds and shares of registered open-end investment companies. 

(c) A Security held or to be acquired means a Security which, within the most recent 15 days (i) is or has been held by the
Companies; or (ii) is being or has been considered by the Companies for purchase, and includes the writing of an option to purchase or
sell a Security. A Security is being considered for the current purchase or sale when a decision (or recommendation) to
purchase or sell a Security has been made and communicated, and, with respect to a person making a decision (or recommendation), when
such person believes such decision or recommendation is imminent. 

(d) Covered Family Member means any member of an employee s immediate family or partner sharing the same household.
Immediate family means any child, stepchild, grandchild, parent, stepparent, grandparent, spouse, sibling, mother-in-law, father-in-law,
son-in-law, daughter-in-law, brother-in-law or sister-in-law. Adoptive relationships are included. 

(e) Beneficial Ownership shall have the meaning ascribed thereto under Section 16 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
as amended, and the rules and regulations thereunder. This means that an Access Person should generally consider himself/herself to have
Beneficial Ownership of any Security in which he/she has a direct or indirect pecuniary interest, which includes Securities held by any
Covered Family Member. In addition, an Access Person should consider himself/herself to have Beneficial Ownership of any Security held
by other persons where, by reason of any contract, arrangement, understanding or relationship, such Access Person has sole or shared voting
or investment power. 

(f) Investment Personnel means any person who is involved in the investment decisions for the Companies and who may have
significant opportunities to influence investment decisions for the Companies to his or her benefit. 

(g) Limited Offering means an offering that is exempt from registration under the Securities Act of 1933 pursuant to section
4(a)(2) or section 4(a)(5) or pursuant to rule 504, or rule 506 under the Securities Act of 1933. 

2 

2. Pre-Clearance Policy 

Except
as expressly permitted by this Code of Ethics, Access Persons (other than disinterested directors) must have written pre-clearance from
the Compliance department for any personal securities transaction. The Chief Compliance Officer reserves the right to disapprove any proposed
transaction that may have the appearance of improper conduct, and may decline to pre-approve a proposed transaction by an Access Person
for any reason. 

All
requests for approval to engage in personal securities transactions must be submitted to the Compliance department. Pre-clearance approval
for a transaction is only valid until the end of market hours on the day the transaction is approved except (i) with respect to transactions
that are private offerings or (ii) in cases where the Compliance department specifies otherwise. 

If
the Chief Compliance Officer is the person whose transaction requires approval, he or she must obtain such approval from the Advisers 
General Counsel (or his or her designee). 

3. Prohibitions 

No Access Person: 

(a) Shall purchase or sell, directly or indirectly, any Security in which he or she has, or by reason of
such transaction acquires, any direct or indirect beneficial ownership and which to his/her actual knowledge at the time of such
purchase or sale: 

(i) is being considered for purchase or sale by the Companies; or 

(ii) is then being purchased or sold by the Companies. 

Under this Code of Ethics, all employees
of the Companies are required to: 

(i) avoid purchasing Securities offered and sold as part of an initial public offering IPO until after the public offering and then only at the prevailing market price, and obtain pre-approval from the Compliance department before
directly or indirectly acquiring beneficial ownership in any securities in a Limited Offering; 

(ii) avoid purchases or sales of Securities that are being considered for current purchase or sale by the
Companies; 

(iii) avoid purchases or sales of Securities that have been purchased or sold by the Companies until after
any such transaction or series of transactions has been completed (subject to settlement); and 

(iv) pre-clear purchases or sales of Securities for accounts in which the employee has a Beneficial Ownership interest with Compliance
prior to executing such transactions. 

3 

4. Exempted Transactions 

Pre-Clearance under Section 2 of this
Code of Ethics shall not apply to: 

(a) Purchases or sales effected in any account over which the Access Person has no direct or indirect influence or control (e.g. transaction
in an account managed by an unaffiliated money manager where the Access Person has no investment influence or discretion); 

(b) Purchases or sales effected pursuant to a program (such as a dividend reinvestment plan) in which periodic purchases (or sales) are
made automatically in (or from) investment accounts in accordance with a predetermined schedule and allocation; 

(c) Purchases effected upon the exercise of rights issued by an issuer pro rata to all holders of a class of its Securities, to
the extent such rights were acquired from such issuer, and sales of such rights so acquired. 

(d) Purchases or sales which are non-volitional on the part of either the Access Person or Covered Family Member (e.g. stock splits, reverse
stock splits, mergers, spin-offs, and other similar corporate reorganizations); 

(e) Charitable donations or other gifts of Securities (other than shares of the Companies); 

(f) Purchases or sales of futures and options on commodities, currencies or a securities index; 

(g) Other non-volitional events, such as exercise of an option at expiration (as opposed to an option exercise at any time prior to expiration,
which option exercise does require pre-clearance); or 

(h) Purchases or sales of sovereign debt securities. 

5. Minimum Hold Period 

No Access
person may sell a Security within 90 days of purchasing that Security, or buy to cover a Security within 90 days of selling
short such Security, unless pre-clearance of the transaction is not required under this Code of Ethics or the minimum holding period is
waived by the Compliance department. 

6. Procedural Matters 

(a) The Chief Compliance Officer of the Companies shall: 

(i) Make available to each Access Person a copy of this Code of Ethics. 

(ii) Notify each such Access Person of his or her obligation to file reports as provided by Section 7 of this Code of Ethics. 

4 

(iii) Report to the Board of Directors the facts contained in any reports filed with the Chief Compliance Officer pursuant to Section 7
of this Code of Ethics when any such report indicates that an Access Person engaged in a transaction in a Security held or to be acquired
by the Companies. Additionally, an annual written report will be provided to the Board of Directors, describing any material issues that
arose during the previous year under this Code of Ethics. 

(iv) Maintain the records required by paragraph (d) of Rule 17j-1. 

(b) On an annual basis, the Board of Directors will certify that the Company has adopted procedures reasonably necessary to prevent Access
Persons from violating this Code of Ethics. 

7. Reporting 

(a) Every Access Person shall report the information described in Section 7(c) of this Code of Ethics with respect to transactions in
any Security in which such Access Person has, or by reason of such transaction acquires, any direct or indirect beneficial ownership in
the Security; provided, however, that an Access Person shall not be required to make a report with respect to transactions effected for
any account over which such person does not have any direct or indirect influence. An Access Person of the Advisers need not
make a separate report hereunder to the extent the information in the report would duplicate information required to be reported under
the Adviser s code of ethics. 

(b) An independent Director, i.e., a Director of the Companies who is not an interested person (as defined in Section
2(a)(19) of the 1940 Act) of the Companies, is not required to file a report on a transaction in a Security provided such Director neither
knew nor, in the ordinary course of fulfilling his or her official duties as a Director of the Companies, should have known that, during
the 15-day period immediately preceding or after the date of the transaction by the Director, such Security is or was purchased or sold
by the Companies or is or was being considered for purchase by the Advisers. 

(c) An initial report shall be made within 10 days from the date in which a person was deemed an Access Person and annually thereafter
(the information in which must be current as of a date no more than 45 days prior to the date the person becomes an Access Person or the
annual report is submitted, respectively) and shall contain the following information: 

(i) A list of Securities, including the title, number of shares, or principal amount (if fixed income securities) of each Security in
which the Access Person had any direct or indirect beneficial ownership when the person became an Access Person; 

(ii) the name of the broker, dealer or bank with whom the Access Person maintained an account in which any Securities were held for the
direct or indirect benefit of the Access Person as of the date the person became an Access Person; and 

(iii) The date that the report is submitted by the Access Person. 

5 

(d) Thereafter, every report shall be made not later than 30 days after the end of the calendar quarter in which the transactions to which
the report relates was effected, and shall contain the following information: 

(i) the date of each transaction, the name of the Security purchased and/or sold, the interest rate and maturity date (if applicable),
the number of shares and/or the principal amount of each Security involved; 

(ii) the nature of the transaction (i.e., purchase, sale or any other type of acquisition or disposition); 

(iii) the price at which the transaction was effected; 

(iv) the name of the broker, dealer or bank with or through whom the transaction was effected; 

(v) In addition to the Securities transaction data, the report will contain representations that the employee (i) during the period, has
not purchased or sold any Securities not listed on the report; (ii) has not opened a securities brokerage account during the period which
has not been reported to the Advisers; and (iii) agrees to notify the Advisers if he/she opens a personal securities account which has
not otherwise been disclosed to the Advisers; and 

(vi) The date that the report is submitted by the Access Person. 

(e) Any such report may contain a statement that the report shall not be construed as an admission by the person making such report that
he has any direct or indirect beneficial ownership in the Security to which the report relates. 

(f) Each Access Person shall re-certify his or her familiarity with this Code of Ethics and report all security holdings annually by completing
and signing the annual certification and security report. 

(g) The Chief Compliance Officer, or his or her designee, will review the reports submitted, and account statements and account information
provided, under this Code of Ethics to determine whether any transaction disclosed therein constitutes a violation of this Code of Ethics.
Before making any determination that a violation has been committed by an Access Person, the Chief Compliance Officer shall afford the
Access Person an opportunity to supply additional explanatory material. 

8. Board Oversight 

The Board of Directors must initially
approve the Code of Ethics for the Companies, and the Board of Directors must approve any material changes to the Code of Ethics within
six (6) months of such change. The Chief Compliance Officer or his or her designee shall provide to the Board of Directors a written report
outlining any material issues that arose during the previous year and annually certify that the Companies have adopted procedures in compliance
with this Code of Ethics. 

9. Implementation 

The Chief Compliance Officer or his
delegate shall create a list of all Access Persons and update the list with reasonable frequency. The Chief Compliance Officer or his
delegate shall circulate a copy of this Code of Ethics (in hard copy or electronically) to each Access Person at least once each year. 

10. Violations 

Upon determination that a violation
of this Code of Ethics has occurred, each Company may impose such sanctions as it deems appropriate, including, among other things, a
memorandum of warning, a ban on personal trading or a suspension or termination of the employment of the violator. Violations of this
Code of Ethics and any sanctions imposed with respect thereto shall be reported in a timely manner to the Board of Directors of the Companies. 

Adopted by Kayne Anderson BDC, LLC and Kayne DL 2021, Inc.:
March 1, 2022 

6 

</EX-14.1>

<EX-14.2>
 5
 f10k2022ex14-2_kaynedl2021.htm
 SUPPLEMENTAL ANTIFRAUD CODE OF ETHICS FOR PRINCIPAL OFFICERS AND SENIOR FINANCIAL OFFICERS

Exhibit 14.2 

KAYNE
DL 2021, INC. 

Supplemental
ANTIFRAUD Code of Ethics for 
Principal Officers and Senior Financial Officers 

This
Supplemental Antifraud Code of Ethics (the Code for the Principal Officers and Senior Financial Officers (the Covered
Officers of Kayne DL 2021, Inc. (the Company is intended to guide and remind the Covered Officers of their responsibilities
to the Company and its stockholders, other Covered Officers, and governmental authorities. Covered Officers are expected to act in accordance
with the guidance and standards set forth in this Code. The Board of Directors (the Board of the Company has adopted this
Code. All references herein to the Company apply to the Covered Officer of each such Company in connection with their duties. 

For
the purposes of this Code, the Company s Principal Officers and Senior Financial Officers shall include: the Principal Executive
Officer; the Principal Financial Officer; the Principal Accounting Officer; the Controller; and any persons performing similar functions
on behalf of the Company, regardless of whether such persons are employed by the Company or a third party. 

This
Code is intended to serve as the code of ethics described in Section 406 of The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, Form 8-K and Form N-CSR.
To the extent that a Covered Officer is subject to the Company s code of ethics adopted pursuant to Rule 17j-1 (the Rule
17j-1 Code of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act ), this Code is intended
to supplement and be interpreted in the context of the Rule 17j-1 Code. This Code also should be interpreted in the context of all applicable
laws, regulations, the Company s Charter and Bylaws, as amended, and all other governance and disclosure policies and documents
adopted by the Board. All Covered Officers must become familiar and fully comply with this Code. Because this Code cannot and does not
cover every applicable law or provide answers to all questions that might arise, all Covered Officers are expected to use common sense
about what is right and wrong, including a sense of when it is proper to seek guidance from others on the appropriate course of conduct. 

The
purpose of this Code is to set standards for the Covered Officers that are reasonably designed to deter wrongdoing and are necessary
to promote: 

honest
 and ethical conduct, including the ethical handling of actual or apparent conflicts of interest
 between personal and professional relationships; 

full,
 fair, accurate, timely, and understandable disclosure in reports and documents that the Company
 files with, or submits to, the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC and in any other public communications by the Company; 

compliance
 with applicable governmental laws, rules and regulations; 

the
 prompt internal reporting of violations of the Code to the appropriate persons as set forth
 in the Code; and 

accountability
 for adherence to the Code. 

1. Honest
 and Ethical Conduct 

a. Honesty,
 Diligence and Professional Responsibility 

Covered
Officers are expected to observe both the form and the spirit of the ethical principles contained in this Code. Covered Officers must
perform their duties and responsibilities for the Company: 

with
 honesty, diligence, and a commitment to professional and ethical responsibility; 

carefully,
 thoroughly and in a timely manner; and 

in
 conformity with applicable professional and technical standards. 

Covered
Officers who are certified public accountants are expected carry out their duties and responsibilities in a manner consistent with the
principles governing the accounting profession, including any guidelines or principles issued by the Public Company Accounting Oversight
Board or the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants from time to time. 

b. Objectivity
 / Avoidance of Undisclosed Conflicts of Interest 

Each
Covered Officer should adhere to a high standard of business ethics and should be sensitive to situations that may give rise to actual
as well as apparent conflicts of interest. A conflict of interest occurs when a Covered Officer s private interest
interferes with the interests of, or the Covered Officer s service to, the Company. The overarching principle is that Covered Officers
are expected to maintain objectivity, to avoid undisclosed conflicts of interest, and to not improperly place their personal interests
before the interests of the Company. In the performance of their duties and responsibilities for the Company, Covered Officers must: 

not
 subordinate their judgment to personal gain and advantage, or be unduly influenced by their
 own interests or by the interests of others; 

avoid
 participation in any activity or relationship that constitutes a conflict of interest unless
 that conflict has been completely disclosed to affected parties; 

avoid
 participation in any activity or relationship that could create the appearance of a conflict
 of interest; 

avoid
 direct or indirect participation in any investment, interest, association, activity or relationship
 that may impair or appear to impair their objectivity; 

not
 use their personal influence or personal relationships improperly to influence investment
 decisions or financial reporting by the Company whereby they would benefit personally to
 the detriment of the Company; 

not
 cause the Company to take action, or fail to take action, for their individual personal benefit
 rather than the benefit of the Company; and 

not
 receive, directly or indirectly (such as through a member of the Covered Officer s
 family), improper personal benefits as a result of his or her position with the Company. 

2 

Any
Covered Officer who may be involved in a situation or activity that might be a conflict of interest or give the appearance of a conflict
of interest should consider reporting such situation or activity using the reporting procedures set forth in Section 4 of this Code.
The Audit Committee will not be responsible for monitoring or enforcing this conflict of interest policy, but rather each Covered Officer
is responsible for self-compliance with this conflict of interest policy. 

The
following list provides examples of some potential conflict of interest situations that should be reported using the reporting procedures
set forth in Section 4 of this Code; Covered Officers should keep in mind that these examples are not exhaustive: 

service
 as a director on the board of any public company; 

the
 receipt of any gift in excess of 150 from any company with which the Company has current
 or prospective business dealings; 

the
 receipt of any entertainment from any company with which the Company has current or prospective
 business dealings unless such entertainment is business related, reasonable in cost, appropriate
 as to time and place, and not so frequent as to raise any question of impropriety; 

any
 ownership interest in, or any consulting or employment relationship with, any of the Company s
 service providers, other than its investment adviser, principal underwriter, administrator
 or any affiliated person thereof; 

a
 direct or indirect financial interest in commissions, transaction charges or spreads paid
 by the Company for effecting portfolio transactions or for selling or redeeming shares other
 than an interest arising from the Covered Officer s employment, such as compensation
 or equity ownership. 

Although
typically not presenting an opportunity for improper personal benefit, conflicts may arise from, or as a result of, the contractual relationship
between the Company and the investment adviser of which a Covered Officer may also be an officer or an employee. As a result, this Code
recognizes that the Covered Officers may, in the normal course of their duties (whether formally for the Company or for the adviser,
or for both), be involved in establishing policies and implementing decisions that will have different effects on the adviser and the
Company. The participation of such Covered Officers in such activities is inherent in the contractual relationship between the Company
and the adviser and is consistent with the performance by the Covered Officers of their duties as officers of the Company. Thus, if performed
in conformity with applicable provisions of the Investment Company Act and the Investment Advisers Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment
Advisers Act ), such activities will be deemed to have been handled ethically. Other conflicts of interest are covered by this
Code, even if such conflicts of interest are not subject to provisions in the Investment Company Act and the Investment Advisers Act. 

c. Preparation
 of Financial Statements 

Covered
Officers must not knowingly make any misrepresentations regarding the Company s financial statements or any facts in the preparation
of the Company s financial statements, and must comply with all applicable laws, standards, principles, guidelines, rules and regulations
in the preparation of the Company s financial statements. This section is intended to prohibit: 

making,
 or permitting or directing another to make, materially false or misleading entries in the
 Company s financial statements or records; 

failing
 to correct the Company s financial statements or records that are materially false
 or misleading when he or she has the authority to record an entry; and 

signing,
 or permitting or directing another to sign, a document containing materially false or misleading
 financial information. 

3 

Covered
Officers must be scrupulous in their application of generally accepted accounting principles. No Covered Officer may (i) express an opinion
or state affirmatively that the financial statements or other financial data of the Company are presented in conformity with generally
accepted accounting principles, or (ii) state that he or she is not aware of any material modifications that should be made to such statements
or data in order for them to be in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles, if such statements or data contain any departure
from generally accepted accounting principles then in effect in the United States. 

Covered
Officers must follow the laws, standards, principles, guidelines, rules and regulations established by all applicable governmental bodies,
commissions or other regulatory agencies in the preparation of financial statements, records and related information. If a Covered Officer
prepares financial statements, records or related information for purposes of reporting to such bodies, commissions or regulatory agencies,
the Covered Officer must follow the requirements of such organizations in addition to generally accepted accounting principles. 

If
a Covered Officer and his or her supervisor have a disagreement or dispute relating to the preparation of financial statements or the
recording of transactions, the Covered Officer should take the following steps to ensure that the situation does not constitute an impermissible
subordination of judgment: 

The
 Covered Officer should consider whether (i) the entry or the failure to record a transaction
 in the records, or (ii) the financial statement presentation or the nature or omission of
 disclosure in the financial statements, as proposed by the supervisor, represents the use
 of an acceptable alternative and does not materially misrepresent the facts or result in
 an omission of a material fact. If, after appropriate research or consultation, the Covered
 Officer concludes that the matter has authoritative support and/or does not result in a material
 misrepresentation, the Covered Officer need do nothing further. 

If
 the Covered Officer concludes that the financial statements or records could be materially
 misstated as a result of the supervisor s determination, the Covered Officer should
 follow the reporting procedures set forth in Section 4 of this Code. 

d. Obligations
 to the Independent Auditor of the Company 

In
dealing with the Company s independent auditor, Covered Officers must be candid and not knowingly misrepresent facts or knowingly
fail to disclose material facts, and must respond to specific inquiries and requests by the Company s independent auditor. 

Covered
Officers must not take any action, or direct any person to take any action, to fraudulently influence, coerce, manipulate or mislead
the Company s independent auditor in the performance of an audit of the Company s financial statements for the purpose of
rendering such financial statements materially misleading. 

2. Full,
 Fair, Accurate, Timely and Understandable Disclosure 

It
is the Company s policy to provide full, fair, accurate, timely, and understandable disclosure in reports and documents that the
Company files with, or submits to, the SEC and in any other public communications by the Company. The Company has designed and implemented
Disclosure Controls and Procedures to carry out this policy. 

Covered
Officers are expected to use their best efforts to promote, facilitate, and prepare full, fair, accurate, timely, and understandable
disclosure in all reports and documents that the Company files with, or submits to, the SEC and in any other public communications by
the Company. 

Covered
Officers must review the Company s Disclosure Controls and Procedures to ensure they are aware of and carry out their duties and
responsibilities in accordance with the Disclosure Controls and Procedures and the public reporting obligations of the Company. Covered
Officers are responsible for monitoring the integrity and effectiveness of the Company s Disclosure Controls and Procedures. 

4 

3. Compliance
 with Applicable Laws, Rules and Regulations 

Covered
Officers are expected to know, respect and comply with all laws, rules and regulations applicable to the conduct of the Company s
business. If a Covered Officer is in doubt about the legality or propriety of an action, business practice or policy, the Covered Officer
should seek advice from the Covered Officer s supervisor or the Company s legal counsel. 

In
the performance of their work, Covered Officers must not knowingly be a party to any illegal activity or engage in acts that are discreditable
to the Company. 

Covered
Officers are expected to promote the Company s compliance with applicable laws, rules and regulations. To promote such compliance,
Covered Officers may establish and maintain mechanisms to educate employees carrying out the finance and compliance functions of the
Company about any applicable laws, rules or regulations that affect the operation of the finance and compliance functions and the Company
generally. 

4. Reporting
 of Illegal or Unethical Behavior 

Covered
Officers should promptly report any conduct or actions by a Covered Officer that do not comply with the law or with this Code, failure
to do so is itself a violation of this Code. Covered Officers and the Company shall adhere to the following reporting procedures: 

Any
 Covered Officer who questions whether a situation, activity or practice is acceptable must
 immediately report such practice to the Principal Executive Officer of the Company (or to
 a Covered Officer who is the functional equivalent of this position) or to the Company s
 legal counsel. The person receiving the report shall consider the matter and respond to the
 Covered Officer within a reasonable amount of time. 

If
 the Covered Officer is not satisfied with the response of the Principal Executive Officer
 or counsel, the Covered Officer must report the matter to the Chairman of the Audit Committee.
 If the Chairman is unavailable, the Covered Officer may report the matter to any other member
 of the Audit Committee. The person receiving the report shall consider the matter, refer
 it to the full Audit Committee if he or she deems appropriate, and respond to the Covered
 Officer within a reasonable amount of time. 

If,
 after receiving a response, the Covered Officer concludes that appropriate action was not
 taken, he or she should consider any responsibility that may exist to communicate to third
 parties, such as regulatory authorities or the Company s independent auditor. In this
 matter, the Covered Officer may wish to consult with his or her own legal counsel. 

The
 Audit Committee and the Company will not be responsible for monitoring or enforcing this
 reporting of violations policy, but rather each Covered Officer is responsible for self-compliance
 with this reporting of violations policy. 

5 

To
 the extent possible and as allowed by law, reports will be treated as confidential. 

If
 the Audit Committee determines that a Covered Officer violated this Code, failed to report
 a known or suspected violation of this Code, or provided intentionally false or malicious
 information in connection with an alleged violation of this Code, the Company may take disciplinary
 action against any such Covered Officer to the extent the Audit Committee deems appropriate.
 No Covered Officer will be disciplined for reporting a concern in good faith. 

The
 Company and the Audit Committee may report violations of the law to the appropriate authorities. 

5. Accountability
 and Applicability 

All
Covered Officers will be held accountable for adherence to this Code. On an annual basis, within 30 days of the beginning of each calendar
year, each Covered Officer shall certify in writing his or her receipt, familiarity and commitment to compliance with this Code, by signing
the Acknowledgment Form Appendix A to this Code). Covered Officers will not retaliate against any other Covered Officer or any
employee of the Company or their affiliated persons for reports of potential violations that are made in good faith. 

This
Code is applicable to all Covered Officers, regardless of whether such persons are employed by the Company or a third party. If a Covered
Officer is aware of a person Potential Officer who may be considered a Covered Officer as defined by this Code, the Covered
Officer should inform legal counsel to the Company of such Potential Officer so that a determination can be made regarding whether such
Potential Officer has completed or should complete an Acknowledgment Form. However, the absence of such a determination will not be deemed
to relieve any person of his or her duties under this Code. 

6. Disclosure
 of this Code 

This
Code shall be disclosed by at least one of the following methods in the manner prescribed by the SEC, unless otherwise required by law: 

by
 filing a copy of the Code with the SEC; 

by
 posting the text of the Code on the Company s website; or 

by
 providing, without charge, a copy of the Code to any person upon request. 

7. Waivers 

Any
waiver of this Code, including an implicit waiver, that has been granted to a Covered Officer, may be made only by the Board or a committee
of the Board to which such responsibility has been delegated, and must be disclosed by the Company in the manner prescribed by law and
as set forth above in Section 6 (Disclosure of this Code). 

8. Amendments 

This
Code may be amended by the affirmative vote of a majority of the Board. Any amendment of this Code, must be disclosed by the Company
in the manner prescribed by law and as set forth above in Section 6 (Disclosure of this Code), unless such amendment is deemed to be
technical, administrative, or otherwise non-substantive. Any amendments to this Code will be provided to the Covered Officers. 

Approved
by the Board of Directors of Kayne DL 2021, Inc. on April 14, 2021. 

6 

Appendix
A 

Kayne
DL 2021, Inc. 

Certification
and Acknowledgment of Receipt of Supplemental Antifraud Code of Ethics for Principal Officers and Senior Financial Officers 

I
acknowledge and certify that I have received a copy of the company s Supplemental Antifraud Code of Ethics for Principal Officers
and Senior Financial Officers (the Code ). I understand and agree that it is my responsibility to read and familiarize myself
with the policies and procedures contained in the Code and to abide by those policies and procedures. 

I
acknowledge my commitment to comply with the Code. 

Officer Name (Please Print) 
 
 Officer Signature 

Date 

</EX-14.2>

<EX-31.1>
 6
 f10k2022ex31-1_kaynedl2021.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

Certification
of Chief Executive Officer 

I,
James C. Baker, Jr., Chief Executive Officer of Kayne DL 2021, Inc. (the Company ), certify that: 

1. I
 have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Company; 

2. Based
 on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or
 omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances
 under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered
 by this report; 

3. Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this
 report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
 and cash flows of the Company as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The
 Company s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining
 disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and
 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in the Exchange Act
 Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Company and have: 

(a) Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure
that material information relating to the Company, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those
entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 
 Designed such internal control
 over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide
 reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes
 in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated
 the effectiveness of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures and presented
 in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures,
 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed
 in this report any change in the Company s internal control over financial reporting
 that occurred during the Company s most recent fiscal quarter (the Company s
 fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is
 reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial
 reporting; and 

5. The
 Company s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation
 of internal control over financial reporting, to the Company s auditors and the audit
 committee of the Company s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent
 functions): 

(a) All
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control
 over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Company s
 ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant
 role in the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
 March 10, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 James C. Baker, Jr. 

James
 C. Baker, Jr. 

Chief
 Executive Officer 
 (Principal
 Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 7
 f10k2022ex31-2_kaynedl2021.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.2 

Certification
of Chief Financial Officer 

I,
Terry A. Hart, Chief Financial Officer of Kayne DL 2021, Inc. (the Company ), certify that: 

1. I
 have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Company; 

2. Based
 on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or
 omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances
 under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered
 by this report; 

3. Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this
 report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
 and cash flows of the Company as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The
 Company s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
 (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in
 the Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Company and have: 

(a) Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure
that material information relating to the Company, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those
entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 
 Designed such internal control
 over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide
 reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes
 in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated
 the effectiveness of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures and presented
 in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures,
 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed
 in this report any change in the Company s internal control over financial reporting
 that occurred during the Company s most recent fiscal quarter (the Company s
 fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is
 reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial
 reporting; and 

5. The
 Company s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation
 of internal control over financial reporting, to the Company s auditors and the audit
 committee of the Company s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent
 functions): 

(a) All
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control
 over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Company s
 ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant
 role in the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
March 10, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Terry A. Hart 

Terry A. Hart 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 8
 f10k2022ex32-1_kaynedl2021.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 

Certification
of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to 

Section 906
of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (18 U.S.C. 1350) 

In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K
of Kayne DL 2021, Inc. (the Company for the period ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
on the date hereof (the Report ), James C. Baker, Jr., as Chief Executive Officer of the Company certifies, pursuant
to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to such officer s knowledge : 

(1) The
 Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the
 Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

(2) The
 information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial
 condition and results of operations of the Company. 

/s/ James
 C. Baker, Jr. 

Name: 
 James C.
 Baker, Jr. 

Title: 
 Chief Executive Officer 

Date: 
 March 10, 2023 

The foregoing certification is being furnished solely pursuant to 18
U.S.C. 1350 and is not being filed as part of the Report or as a separate disclosure document. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 9
 f10k2022ex32-2_kaynedl2021.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.2 

Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant
to 

Section 906
of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (18 U.S.C. 1350) 

In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K
of Kayne DL 2021, Inc. (the Company for the period ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
on the date hereof (the Report ), Terry A. Hart, as Chief Financial Officer of the Company certifies, pursuant
to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to such officer s knowledge: 

(1) The
Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended;
and 

(2) The
information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the
Company. 

/s/ Terry A. Hart 

Name: 
 Terry A. Hart 

Title: 
 Chief Financial Officer 

Date: 
 March 10, 2023 

The foregoing certification is being
furnished solely pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350 and is not being filed as part of the Report or as a separate disclosure
document. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 10
 cik0001850787-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 11
 cik0001850787-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 12
 cik0001850787-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 13
 cik0001850787-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 14
 cik0001850787-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

