<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230315_10-K_edgar_data_1627554_0001017386-23-000100.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>2035576</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>67070</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>468583</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>470580</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>413640</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>557826</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001017386-23-000100.hdr.sgml : 20230315
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230315103538
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001017386-23-000100
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		49
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221031
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230315
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230315

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Pedro's List, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001627554
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	 [3949]
		IRS NUMBER:				320450509
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1031

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	333-201215
		FILM NUMBER:		23733773

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		11700 WEST CHARLESTON BLVD.
		STREET 2:		SUITE 170-174
		CITY:			LAS VEGAS,
		STATE:			NV
		ZIP:			89135
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(702) 985-7544

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		11700 WEST CHARLESTON BLVD.
		STREET 2:		SUITE 170-174
		CITY:			LAS VEGAS,
		STATE:			NV
		ZIP:			89135

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Quest Management Inc
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20141210

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001017386-23-000100.txt : 20230315

10-K
 1
 pdro_2022oct31-10k.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

\ 

UNITED STATES 

 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

(Mark One) 

ANNUAL
REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended 

TRANSITION
REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from ________________ to________________ 

Commission file number 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 
 
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

, 

 (Address of registrant s principal executive
offices) 

Registrant s telephone number, including area
code: 

Securities registered under Section 12(b) of the Act: 

None 
 
 N/A 
 
 Title of each class 
 
 Name of each exchange on which registered 

Securities registered under Section 12(g) of the Act: 

Common Stock, 0.001 par value 

 (Title of class) 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known
seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes x 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required
to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act Yes x 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1)
has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months
(or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements
for the past 90 days. x No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has
submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of
this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).
 x No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is
a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of large
accelerated filer, accelerated filer and smaller reporting company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.
(Check one): 

Large accelerated filer 

Accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 
 Emerging growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has fi led a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting fi rm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

If
securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant
included in the fi ling reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate
by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive- based compensation
received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is
a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes x 

No market value of
the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates has been computed by reference to the price at which the common equity
was last sold, or the average bid and asked price of such common equity, as of the last business day of the registrant s most recently
completed second fiscal quarter based upon the fact that no active trading market had been established as April 30, 2022. 

As of October 31,
2022, the registrant had 50,073,887 shares of common stock issued and outstanding. As of the date of this filing, the registrant had
 shares of common stock issued and outstanding.

QUEST MANAGEMENT INC. 

 FORM 10-K 

 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Item # 
 
 Description 
 
 Page Numbers 

PART I 

ITEM 1 
 
 BUSINESS 
 
 3 

ITEM 1A 
 
 RISK FACTORS 
 
 4 

ITEM 2 
 
 PROPERTIES 
 
 4 

ITEM 3 
 
 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 
 4 

ITEM 4 
 
 MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 
 4 

ITEM 5 
 
 MARKET FOR REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS, AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 
 4 

ITEM 6 
 
 SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA 
 
 5 

ITEM 7 
 
 MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 
 5 

ITEM 7A 
 
 QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 
 7 

ITEM 8 
 
 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 
 7 

ITEM 9 
 
 CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 
 19 

ITEM 9A 
 
 CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 
 19 

ITEM 9B 
 
 OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 20 

ITEM 10 
 
 DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS, CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 
 21 

ITEM 11 
 
 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 
 22 

ITEM 12 
 
 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 
 23 

ITEM 13 
 
 CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 
 23 

ITEM 14 
 
 PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 
 
 24 

ITEM 15 
 
 EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 
 24 

2 

PART I 

 Forward Looking Statements. 

 This annual report contains forward-looking statements within
the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.
These statements relate to future events or our future financial performance. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements
by terminology such as may , should , expects , plans , anticipates ,
 believes , estimates , predicts , potential or continue or the negative
of these terms or other comparable terminology. These statements are only predictions and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties
and other factors, including the risks in the section entitled Risk Factors and the risks set out below, any of which may
cause our or our industry s actual results, levels of activity, performance or achievements to be materially different from any
future results, levels of activity, performance or achievements expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. 

 Forward looking statements are made based on management s
beliefs, estimates and opinions on the date the statements are made and we undertake no obligation to update forward-looking statements
if these beliefs, estimates and opinions or other circumstances should change. Although we believe that the expectations reflected in
the forward-looking statements are reasonable, we cannot guarantee future results, levels of activity, performance or achievements. Except
as required by applicable law, including the securities laws of the United States, we do not intend to update any of the forward-looking
statements to conform these statements to actual results. 

Our financial statements are stated in United States dollars US) and
are prepared in accordance with United States Generally Accepted Accounting Principles. 

In this annual report, unless otherwise specified, all references to common
stock refer to the common shares in our capital stock. 

As used in this annual report, the terms we ,
 us , our , Pedro s and Pedro s List mean Pedro s List, Inc., unless
the context clearly requires otherwise. 

ITEM 1. BUSINESS 

Business 

Pedro s List, Inc., formerly known as Quest
Management, Inc. (the Company was incorporated in the State of Nevada on October 12, 2014. The Company originally intended
to engage in the business of development of marketing channels to distribute fitness equipment to the wholesale market in the United States.
The Company acquired Pedro s List U.S. L.L.C. on May 23, 2022 through the exchange of 20,000 shares (100,000,000 shares on a pre-reverse
stock split basis) of its common stock. The Company s main business operations is connecting homeowners and consumers with service
professionals for home repair, maintenance and improvement projects. Pedro s List provides the technology tools and resources to
allow homeowners to find local pre-screened, customer reviewed service professionals and instantly book appointments online or through
the mobile application. Pedro s List also provides consumers with other home-related services resources. The concept of consumers
writing reviews based on experience to assist others in the determination of their choices, is a proven business model we have implemented
in the build of a robust technology application to facilitate these transactions. An experienced team has been assembled to implement
the plan to offer these services to consumers in a better way and significantly benefit service providers. 

 Employees; Identification of Certain Significant Employees. 

We are a development stage company and currently have
one employee. Andrew Birnbaum, our President and Director handles the Company s day-to-day operations. We intend to hire employees
as revenue supports the expense. Our initial sales are being made by our President and commissioned independent salespeople. 

Insurance 

We do not maintain any insurance and do not intend
to maintain insurance in the future. Because we do not have any insurance, if we are made a party of a legal action, we may not have
sufficient funds to defend the litigation. If that occurs a judgment could be rendered against us that could cause us to cease operations. 

Offices 

The Company s principal offices are located
at: 11700 West Charleston Blvd., Suite 170-174, Las Vegas, NV 89135. 

3 

Government Regulation 

We are required to comply with all regulations, rules and directives of
governmental authorities and agencies in any jurisdiction which we would conduct activities in the future. As of now there are no required
government approvals present that we need approval from or any existing government regulation on our business. 

We currently have not obtained any copyrights, patents
or trademarks. We do not anticipate filing any copyright or trademark applications related to any assets over the next 12 months. 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 

As we are a smaller reporting company, we are not required to provide the
information under this item. 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

None. 

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES. 

The Company s principal offices are located
at: 11700 West Charleston Blvd., Suite 170-174, Las Vegas, NV 89135. 

We currently have no investment policies as they pertain to real estate,
real estate interests or real estate mortgages. 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS. 

None. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES. 

None. 

 PART II 

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER
MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES. 

Market for Securities 

Our common stock is quoted on the over-the-counter
markets administered by OTC Markets Group, Inc. under the symbol PDRO. To date there has been no active trading of our common stock.
Any quotes shown on OTC Markets reflect inter-dealer prices, without retail mark-up,
mark-down or commission and may not necessarily represent actual transactions. 

Transfer agent 

We have retained Empire Stock Transfer Inc. to serve as transfer agent
for shares of our common stock. 

Holders 

As of October 31, 2022, the Company had 50,073,887
shares of our common stock issued and outstanding held by 6 holders of record. 

Dividend policy 

We have not declared or paid dividends on our common
stock since our formation, and we do not anticipate paying dividends in the foreseeable future. Declaration or payment of dividends, if
any, in the future, will be at the discretion of our Board of Directors and will depend on our then current financial condition, results
of operations, capital requirements and other factors deemed relevant by the Board of Directors. There are no contractual restrictions
on our ability to declare or pay dividends. See the Risk Factor entitled, Because we do not intend to pay any cash dividends
on our common stock, our stockholders will not be able to receive a return on their shares unless they sell them. 

Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers 

We did not purchase any of our shares of common stock
or other securities during our fiscal year ended October 31, 2022. 

4 

Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans 

We do not have any equity compensation plans. 

ITEM 6. [RESERVED]. 

ITEM 7:
MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

Forward-looking Statements 

Statements made in this Annual Report, which are not
purely historical, are forward-looking statements with respect to the goals, plan objectives, intentions, expectations, financial condition,
results of operations, future performance and our business, including, without limitation, (i) our ability to raise capital, and (ii)
statements preceded by, followed by or that include the words may, would, could, should, 
 expects, projects, anticipates, believes, estimates, plans, 
 intends, targets or similar expressions. 

Forward-looking statements involve inherent risks
and uncertainties, and important factors (many of which are beyond our control) that could cause actual results to differ materially from
those set forth in the forward-looking statements, including the following, general economic or industry conditions, nationally and/or
in the communities in which we may conduct business, changes in the interest rate environment, legislation or regulatory requirements,
conditions of the securities markets, our ability to raise capital, changes in accounting principles, policies or guidelines, financial
or political instability, acts of war or terrorism, other economic, competitive, governmental, regulatory and technical factors affecting
our current or potential business and related matters. 

Accordingly, results actually achieved may differ
materially from expected results in these statements. Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made. We do not undertake,
and specifically disclaim, any obligation to update any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances occurring after
the date of such statements. 

Plan of Operation 

In May 2022, we acquired Pedro s List, LLC which
is in the technology business to provide online service to consumers in the Mexican market. 

Our plan of operation for the next 12 months is to:
(i). execute on the proof of concept and differentiators, (ii) establish the market for our services (iii) assemble a team of highly skilled
and experienced people (iii) execute the technology and establish a revenue base for our services. During the next 12 months, our cash
requirements include expenses to market our technology; expenses to set up facilities and systems set ups to provide the services to the
consumers; the payment of our SEC reporting and filing expenses, including associated legal and accounting fees; and costs incident to
maintaining our good standing as a corporation in our state of organization. We anticipate that we will need to raise additional equity
funds to successfully commence and operate not only our online technologies but create the system of providers to the consumer. We have
no commitments to raise any additional funds at the present time, and we can offer no assurance that we will be able to raise additional
funds on terms acceptable to the Company. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

As of October 31, 2022, we had total current assets
of 23,518 consisting of 17,518 in cash and 6,000 in a note receivable. We had 369,805 in total current liabilities as of October 31,
2022. Our total current liabilities of 369,805 consisted of notes payable 321,829, notes payable-related party of 12,500 and
accounts payable and accrued expenses of 35,476. See our Plan of Operation above for information about our cash requirements for the
next 12 months. 

For a description of the various loans that the Company
received during the year ended October 31, 2022, and subsequent to October 31, 2022, see footnotes 4 and 5 to the Company s financial
statements included herein. The Company intends to repay these loans from future revenues and offerings of capital raises, though none
have been formally established at the date of this report. 

See the Exhibit Index below to determine where copies
of the various promissory notes and/or amendments are located. The Company may seek additional loans from third parties on the same or
similar terms in the near future on an as needed basis, but the Company can offer no assurance that additional funds will be available
to the Company. 

5 

Results of Operations 

Year Ended October 31, 2022 Compared Year Ended
October 31, 2021 

We had no revenues during the year ended October 31,
2022. We hope to start earning revenues during the present fiscal year ending October 31, 2023. 

We incurred general and administrative expenses of
 189,997 for the year ended October 31, 2022, an increase of 149,788 from the 40,209 of general and administrative expenses incurred
during the year ended October 31, 2021. 

We incurred interest expense of 7,181 in the year
ended October 31, 2022, an increase of 7,181 from 0 of interest expense incurred in the year ended October 31, 2021. The increase is
due to the increase in aggregate principal balance of the notes payable in the later period from increased borrowings. 

We incurred an impairment in the year ended October
31, 2022, of 647,739, which represented the purchase price paid for Pedro s List, LLC and assumed liabilities over assets that
could not be assigned to assets or goodwill. 

We incurred a net loss of 882,360, or approximately
 0.31 per share, in the year ended October 31, 2022, which is 855,056 more than the net loss of 27,304 incurred in the year ended October
31, 2021. The increase in the net loss incurred in the later period is largely attributable to an increase in general and administrative
expenses and the impairment loss in the later period. 

Capital Resources 

The cash flows from operating activities during the
year ended October 31, 2022, consisted of the following: The net loss of 882,360 partially offset by 647,739 from the non-cash impairment
on the acquisition, 50,000 in issuance of common stock for services, a 54,870 increase in accounts payable and accrued expenses resulting
in net cash used in operating activities of 129,751. 

The cash flows from operating activities during the
prior year ended October 31, 2021, consisted of the following: The net loss of 27,304 partially offset by an decrease of 5,963 in accounts
payable and accrued expenses Related Party,an increase of 23,093 in accounts payable and accrued expenses and an increase in
notes payable of 10,174 resulting in net cash used in operating activities of 0. 

The cash flows from financing activities during the
year ended October 31, 2022 consisted of the following: We received proceeds in notes payable of 147,269, resulting in net cash provided
by financing activities of 147,269. 

The cash flows from financing activities during the
year ended October 31, 2021 were 0 

Going Concern 

The Company s financial statements have been
presented on the basis that it is a going concern, which contemplates the realization of assets and the satisfaction of liabilities in
the normal course of business. The Company has sustained operating losses during the current year-to-date and may not achieve the
level of profitable operations to sustain its activities. These factors raise substantial doubt as to its ability to obtain debt
and/or equity financing and achieve profitable operations. 

Management intends to raise additional operating funds
to fund operations for the next 12 months through proceeds to be received from the raising funds through equity and/or debt offerings.
 However, there can be no assurance management will be successful in its endeavors. Ultimately, the Company will need to achieve
profitable operations in order to continue as a going concern. 

There are no assurances that the Company will be able
to either (1) achieve a level of revenues adequate to generate sufficient cash flow from operations; or (2) obtain additional financing
through either private placement, public offerings and/or bank financing necessary to support its working capital requirements. To
the extent that funds generated from operations and any private placements, public offerings and/or bank financing are insufficient, the
Company will have to raise additional working capital. No assurance can be given that additional financing will be available, or
if available, will be on terms acceptable to the Company. If adequate working capital is not available to the Company, it may be
required to curtail its operations. 

6 

Emerging Growth Company Critical Accounting
Policy Disclosure 

The Company qualifies as
an emerging growth company under the 2012 JOBS Act. Section 107 of the JOBS Act provides that an emerging growth company
can take advantage of the extended transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act for complying with new or revised
accounting standards. As an emerging grown company, the Company can delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until
those standards would otherwise apply to private companies. The Company may elect to take advantage of the benefits of this extended
transition period in the future. 

ITEM 7A. 
 QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

Smaller reporting companies are not required to provide
the information required by this item. 

 I TEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA. 

7 

Certified Public Accountants 

 501 S. Cherry Street, Suite 1100 

 80246 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM 

 To the Board of Directors and Stockholders 
Pedro s List, Inc. 

 Opinion on the Financial Statements 

 We have audited the accompanying balance sheet of
Pedro s List, Inc. (the Company) as of October 31, 2022 and the related statement of operations, stockholders deficit and
cash flows for the period then ended and the related
notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material
respects, the financial position of the Company as of October 31, 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each
of the period then ended in conformity with accounting
principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

 Basis for Opinion 

 These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our
audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required
to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations
of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards
of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements
are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform,
an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audit, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal
control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal
control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

 Our audit included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud and performing procedures that respond to
those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.
Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating
the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion 

 . 

 Going Concern Uncertainty 

The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the
Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in note 2 to the financial statements, the Company has
incurred losses since inception of 1,718,287. For the year ended October 31, 2022, the Company had a net loss of 882,360. These
factors create an uncertainty as to the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans in regard to
these matters are also described in note 2. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome
of this uncertainty. 

Emphasis of Matters-Risks and Uncertainties 

The Company is not able to predict the ultimate impact
that COVID -19 will have on its business. However, if the current economic conditions continue, the pandemic could have an adverse impact
on the economies and 
financial markets of many countries, including the geographical area in which the Company plans to operate. 

/s/ Gries Associates, LLC 

We have served as the Company s auditor since 2022. 

Denver, Colorado 
 March 15, 2023 
 PCAOB# 

blaze@griesandassociates.com 

PEDRO'S LIST, INC. 
 
 (Formerly Quest Management, Inc.) 
 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 
 October 31, 2022 and 2021 

October 31, 

2022 
 2021 

ASSETS 

Current Assets 

Cash 

Note receivable 

Total Current Assets 

Total Assets 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' (DEFICIT) 

Current Liabilities 

Notes payable 

Note payable- Related party 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses- Related party 

Total Current Liabilities 

Total Liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies 

Stockholders (Deficit) 

Common stock, par value, shares authorized; 

and shares issued and outstanding at 

Common stock, 0.001 par value, 750,000,000 shares authorized; 50,073,887 and
 53,887 shares issued and outstanding at October 31, 2022 and 2021 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated (Deficit) 

Total Stockholders' (Deficit) 

Total Liabilities and Stockholders' (Deficit) 

The accompanying footnotes are an integral part of
these consolidated financial statements. 

8 

PEDRO S LIST, INC. 

 (Formerly Quest Management, Inc.) 

 Consolidated Statement of Operations 

 For the Years Ended October 31, 2022, and 2021 

Years Ended 

October 31, 

2022 
 2021 

Revenues 

Total revenues 

Operating Expenses 

General and administrative 

Total operating expenses 

(Loss) before other expenses 

Other (expense) 

Impairment (loss) 

Debt forgiveness 

Interest (expense) 

Total other (expense) 

(Loss) before income taxes 

Income taxes 

Net (loss) 

(Loss) p er share-Basic and diluted 

Weighted average shares outstanding 

Weighted average shares outstanding Basic and diluted 

The accompanying footnotes are an integral part of
these consolidated financial statements. 

9 

PEDRO S LIST, INC. 

 (Formerly Quest Management, Inc.) 

 Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows 

 For the Years Ended October 31, 2022, and 2021 

Years Ended 

October 31, 

2022 
 2021 

CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES: 

Net (loss) 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to
 net cash used in operating activities: 

Impairment loss 

Common stock issued for services 

Changes in assets and liabilities: 

Increase in notes payable 

Increase in accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Increase
 in accounts payable and accrued expenses - Related party 

Net cash (used) in operating activities 

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES: 

Increase in notes payable 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Net increase in cash 

CASH AT BEGINNING PERIOD 

CASH AT END OF PERIOD 

SUPPLEMENTAL CASH FLOW INFORMATION: 

Cash paid for interest 

Cash paid for income taxes 

Impairment loss 
 647,739 

Common stock issued for services 
 50,000 

The accompanying footnotes are an integral part of
these consolidated financial statements. 

10 

PEDRO S LIST, INC. (Formerly Quest Management, Inc.) Consolidated Statements of Stockholders (Deficit) For the Years Ended October 31, 2022, and 2021 

Additional 

Common Stock 
 Paid-In 
 Accumulated 
 Stockholders' 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 (Deficit) 
 (Deficit) 

Balance - November 1, 2020 

Issuance of common stock for acquisition 

Issuance
 of common stock for acquisition, shares 

Issuance of common stock for services 

Issuance of common stock for services, shares 

Net (loss) for the year ended October 31, 2021 

Balance - October 31, 2021 

Additional 

Common Stock 
 Paid-In 
 Accumulated 
 Stockholders' 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 (Deficit) 
 (Deficit) 

Balance - November 1, 2021 
 53,887 
 54 
 771,946 
 (835,927 
 (63,927 

Issuance of common stock for acquisition 

Issuance of common stock for services 

Net (loss) for the year ended October 31, 2022 

Balance - October 31, 2022 

The accompanying footnotes are an integral part of
these consolidated financial statements. 

11 

PEDRO S LIST, INC. 

 (Formerly Quest Management, Inc.) 

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 October 31, 2022 and 2021 

shares of its common stock and is entering
into the business of offering an online service to consumers looking for credible and reputable home service and repair providers in Mexico.
This acquisition was treated as a purchase with Pedro s List, Inc. being the Acquirer. 

The Company may continue
to seek the acquisition of other business activities and the related capital needed to enter into an activity to bring operations that
would be profitable and increase the value to the shareholders. The activities may be in the industries currently or previously pursued,
but it is not known at this point in time, and the current operations will be financed by its parent company and/or debts incurred by
the Company. 

. 

14 

PEDRO S LIST, INC. 

 (Formerly Quest Management, Inc.) 

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 October 31, 2022 and 2021 

. As of October 31, 2022, Company had working capital deficit of . These
factors raise substantial doubt as to its ability to obtain debt and/or equity financing and achieve profitable operations. 

Management intends to raise additional operating funds
through equity and/or debt offerings. However, there can be no assurance management will be successful in its endeavors. Ultimately,
the Company will need to achieve profitable operations in order to continue as a going concern. 

There are no assurances that the Company will be
able to either (1) achieve a level of revenues adequate to generate sufficient cash flow from operations; or (2) obtain additional financing
through either private placement, public offerings and/or bank financing necessary to support its working capital requirements. To
the extent that funds generated from operations and any private placements, public offerings and/or bank financing are insufficient,
the Company will have to raise additional working capital. No assurance can be given that additional financing will be available,
or if available, will be on terms acceptable to the Company. If adequate working capital is not available to the Company, it may
be required to curtail its operations. 

shares of the Company s common stock at per share and the assumption of the net liabilities of BSLLC.
One hundred percent of the purchase price was allocated to goodwill. 

The allocation of the purchase price and the estimated
fair market values of the assets acquired, and liabilities assumed are shown below. 

Intercompany debt offset 

Note receivable 

Total assets acquired 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Notes payable 

Total liabilities assumed 

Net debt assumed 

Common stock issued 

Amount allocated to goodwill (impaired) 

15 

PEDRO S LIST, INC. 

 (Formerly Quest Management, Inc.) 

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 October 31, 2022 and 2021 

Note payable, non-interest bearing, due upon demand, unsecured. 

Note payable, per month interest, due with interest on September 1, 2023, secured by assets of the company 

Note payable, non-interest bearing, due March 20, 2023, unsecured, convertible at per share 

Note payable, interest, due upon demand, unsecured. 

Note payable, non-interest bearing, due upon demand, unsecured. 

Note payable, non-interest bearing, due upon demand, unsecured. 

Notes payable, non-interest bearing, due upon demand, unsecured 

Total due 

Current Portion 

Long-term portion 

Long-term portion 

16 

PEDRO S LIST, INC. 

 (Formerly Quest Management, Inc.) 

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 October 31, 2022 and 2021 

Valuation allowance 

Deferred tax asset 

shares of
its common stock valued at 27.50 per share for the acquisition of Pedro s List U.S. L.L.C. This transaction was determined to be
an acquisition for accounting purposes with Pedro s List, Inc. being the Acquirer. 

The Company on October 11, 2022 issued 
shares of its common stock valued at per share for services. 

The Company reverse split its common stock on a one
for five thousand basis in early August. This split has been retroactively reflected in these financial statements. 

17 

PEDRO S LIST, INC. 

 (Formerly Quest Management, Inc.) 

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 October 31, 2022 and 2021 

is due to Custodian of the
company on a note payable. The note payable is non-interest bearing, unsecured and is payable on demand. 

The Company issued shares to an officer
and director of the company valued at per share for past services. 

shares of its Common
Stock on November 22, 2022 for of the related party note payable. 

On January 20, 2023, the Company borrowed 
on a six month note payable, non-interest bearing, convertible to shares of the Company s common stock at per share, unsecured,
to pay for professional services, related payables and working capital. 

18 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON
ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE. 

 On January 30, 2023, the Board of Directors of Company
approved the dismissal of PKF Antares PKF as the independent certifying accountant for the Company. The Board of Directors
of the Company dismissed PKF that same day. PKF s report on the Company's financial statements for the year ended October 31, 2021,
the only report issued by PKF, contained no adverse opinion or disclaimer of opinion, and was not qualified or modified as to uncertainty,
audit scope or accounting principles, except that the Company s audited financial statements for the year ended October 31, 2021
contained a going concern qualification in the Company's audited financial statements. 

During the fiscal year ended October 31, 2021, and
through the subsequent interim periods through July 31, 2022, there were no disagreements with PKF on any matter of accounting principles
or practices, financial statement disclosure, or auditing scope or procedure, which disagreement(s), if not resolved to the satisfaction
of PKF concerning the subject matter of each of such disagreements would have caused them to make reference thereto in their report on
the financial statements for such year. 

On January 30, 2023, the Company s Board of
Directors approved the engagement of Gries Associates, LLC Gries ), as the Company's independent accountant effective immediately to audit the Company s financial statements
and to perform reviews of interim financial statements. During the fiscal year ended October 31, 2022 through the date of this report,
neither the Company nor anyone acting on its behalf consulted with Gries regarding (i) either the application of any accounting principles
to a specific completed or contemplated transaction of the Company, or the type of audit opinion that might be rendered by Gries on the
Company's financial statements; or (ii) any matter that was either the subject of a disagreement with PKF or a reportable event with
respect to PKF. 

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES. 

Conclusion Regarding the Effectiveness of Disclosure
Controls and Procedures 

Under the supervision and with the participation of
our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, we conducted an evaluation of our disclosure controls and procedures,
as such term is defined under Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange
Act). Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required
to be disclosed by an issuer in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to the issuer s
management, including its principal executive and principal financial officers, or persons performing similar functions as appropriate
to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. We concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures as defined in Rule 13a-15(e)
under the Exchange Act were not effective as of October 31, 2022 to ensure that information required to be disclosed in reports we file
or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, and summarized and reported within the time periods specified in SEC rules and
forms and our disclosure controls and procedures were also ineffective to ensure that the information required to be disclosed in reports
that we file under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to our principal executive and financial officers to allow timely
decisions regarding required disclosures. 

Management s Annual Report on Internal Control
over Financial Reporting 

Management of the Company is responsible for establishing
and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as defined in rule 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act.
Internal control over financial reporting is a process designed by, or under the supervision of the CEO to provide reasonable assurance
regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of consolidated financial statements for external purposes in accordance
with generally accepted accounting principles. Internal controls over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that
(i) pertain to the maintenance of records which in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and disposition of
the Company s assets; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of consolidated
financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the Company are
being made in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the issuer; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding
prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the Company s assets that could have a material
effect on the Company s consolidated financial statements. 

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control
over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods
are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the
policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

19 

A material weakness is a deficiency or a combination
of deficiencies in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement
of the Company s annual or interim consolidated financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. 

In evaluating the effectiveness of the Company s
internal control over financial reporting as of October 31, 2022, management used the criteria established in the Internal Control 
Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO ). Based
on the criteria established by COSO, management (with the participation of the CEO and CFO) identified the following material weaknesses
in the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of October 31, 2022, which arose from the limited number of number
of staff at the Company and the inability to achieve proper segregation of duties: 

The Company lacked effective controls for ensuring the accuracy of reporting over significant account balances, including the review, approval, and documentation of related transactions and account reconciliations and other complex accounting procedures. 

The Company lacked effective controls because their directors are not independent. 

As a result of these material weaknesses, management
concluded that the Company did not maintain effective internal control over financial reporting as of October 31, 2022, based on the criteria
established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by COSO. 

This Annual Report does not include an attestation
report of our registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. Management s report was not
subject to attestation by our registered public accounting firm pursuant to rules of the Security and Exchange Commission that permit
us to provide only management s report in this Annual Report. 

Limitations on the Effectiveness of Controls 

The Company s management, including the CEO
and acting CFO, does not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures or our internal control over financial reporting will prevent
or detect all error and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute,
assurance that the control system s objectives will be met. Further, the design of the control system must reflect that there are
resource constraints and that the benefits must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all control
systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within the company
have been detected. These inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in decision-making can be faulty and that breakdowns
can occur because of simple error or mistake. Controls can also be circumvented by the individual acts of some persons, by collusion of
two or more people, or by management override of controls. The design of any system of controls is based in part on certain assumptions
about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under
all potential future conditions. Projections of any evaluation of controls effectiveness to future periods are subject to risks. Over
time, controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions or deterioration in the degree of compliance with policies or procedures. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

Except as set forth above, there were no changes in
our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the period covered by this report that have materially affected, or
are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

Attestation Report of the Registered Public Accounting
Firm 

This annual report does not include an attestation
report of our independent registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. Management s report
was not subject to attestation by our independent registered public accounting firm pursuant to temporary rules of the SEC that permit
us to provide only management s report in this annual report on Form 10-K. 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION. 

None. 
 
 20 

PART III 

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

As of October 31, 2022: Our executive officer s
and director s and their respective ages are as follows: 

Name Age Positions 

 Andrew Birnbaum 58 President, Secretary,
Treasurer, Director 

Set forth below is a brief description of the
background and business experience of our executive officer and director for the past five years. 

ANDREW BIRNBAUM 

Mr. Andrew Birnbaum has served
as President and Director since February 3, 2020. Mr. Birnbaum, age 58, has over 25 years of
professional experience. He currently serves as the CEO of the Company where he has worked since February 2020. In 2019, he ran a wholesale
and CBD products company. In 2018 he was CEO of Titan Digital Currency Exchange. In 2016 and 2017, he operated an international electronic
device company named The League of Scoundrels. Prior to that he served as CEO of a publicly traded company named Vapor Hub International . 

TERM OF OFFICE 

Directors hold office until
the next annual meeting of the stockholders of the Company and until their successors have been duly elected and qualified. Officers are
elected by and serve at the discretion of the Board of Directors. 

DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

Our board of directors is
currently composed of one member, who doesn t qualify as an independent director in accordance with the published listing requirements
of the NASDAQ Global Market (the Company has no plans to list on the NASDAQ Global Market). The NASDAQ independence definition includes
a series of objective tests, such as that the director is not, and has not been for at least three years, one of our employees and that
neither the director, nor any of her family members has engaged in various types of business dealings with us. In addition, our board
of directors has not made a subjective determination as to our director that no relationships exist which, in the opinion of our board
of directors, would interfere with the exercise of independent judgment in carrying out the responsibilities of a director, though such
subjective determination is required by the NASDAQ rules. Had our board of directors made these determinations, our board of directors
would have reviewed and discussed information provided by directors and us with regard to our director s business and personal activities
and relationships as they may relate to us and our management. 

 SIGNIFICANT EMPLOYEES AND CONSULTANTS 

We currently
have one employee, our sole officer and director, Andrew Birnbaum. We work with outside consultants to assist with financial preparation
and legal compliance, among other things. 

AUDIT COMMITTEE AND CONFLICTS OF INTEREST 

Since we do not have an audit
or compensation committee comprised of independent directors, the functions that would have been performed by such committees are performed
by our director. The Board of Directors has not established an audit committee and does not have an audit committee financial expert,
nor has the Board of Directors established a nominating committee. The Board is of the opinion that such committees are not necessary
since the Company is an early development stage company and has only one director, and to date, such director has been performing the
functions of such committees. Thus, there is a potential conflict of interest in that our director and officer has the authority to determine
issues concerning management compensation, nominations, and audit issues that may affect management decisions. 

Other than as described above, we are not aware of any other conflicts
of interest with our executive officer or director. 

INVOLVEMENT IN CERTAIN LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

No director, person nominated
to become a director, executive officer, promoter or control person of our company has, during the last ten years: (i) been convicted
in or is currently subject to a pending a criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations and other minor offenses); (ii) been a party
to a civil proceeding of a judicial or administrative body of competent jurisdiction and as a result of such proceeding was or is subject
to a judgment, decree or final order enjoining future violations of, or prohibiting or mandating activities subject to any federal or
state securities or banking or commodities laws including, without limitation, in any way limiting involvement in any business activity,
or finding any violation with respect to such law, nor (iii) any bankruptcy petition been filed by or against the business of which such
person was an executive officer or a general partner, whether at the time of the bankruptcy or for the two years prior thereto. 
 21 

STOCKHOLDER COMMUNICATIONS WITH THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS 

We have not implemented a formal policy or procedure by which our stockholders can communicate directly with our board of directors. Nevertheless, every effort will be made to ensure that the views of stockholders are heard by the board of directors, and that appropriate responses are provided to stockholders in a timely manner. During the upcoming year, our board of directors will continue to monitor whether it would be appropriate to adopt such a process. 
 
 CODE OF ETHICS 

We have not adopted a code of ethics that applies to our officer, director
and employee. When we do adopt a code of ethics, we will disclose it in a Current Report on Form 8-K. 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

SUMMARY COMPENSATION TABLE 

The following table sets forth information regarding each element of compensation
that we paid or awarded to our named executive officers for fiscal years 2022 and 2021: 

Name and Principal Position 
 Year 
 Salary ) 
 Bonus ) 
 Stock Awards ) 
 Option Awards ) 
 Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation ) 
 Nonqualified Deferred Compensation ) 
 All Other Compensation ) 
 Total ) 
 
 Andrew Birnbaum President, Secretary, Treasurer and Director 
 2022 2021 
 0 0 
 0 0 
 0 0 
 0 0 
 0 0 
 0 0 
 0 0 
 0 0 

STOCK OPTION GRANTS 

We had no outstanding equity
awards as of the end of the fiscal period ended October 31, 2022, or through the date of filing of this report. The following table sets
forth certain information concerning outstanding stock awards held by our officer and our director as of the fiscal year ended October
31, 2022: 

Option Awards 

Stock Awards 

Name 

Number of Securities Underlying
 Unexercised Options 
 (#) 
 Exercisable 

Number of Securities Underlying
 Unexercised Options 
 (#) 
 Unexercisable 

Equity Incentive Plan Awards: Number
 of Securities Underlying Unexercised Unearned Options 
 (#) 

Option Exercise Price 
 ) 

Option Expiration 
 Date 

Number of Shares or Units of Stock
 That Have Not Vested 
 (#) 

Market Value of Shares or Units
 of Stock That Have Not Vested 
 ) 

Equity Incentive Plan Awards: Number
 of Unearned Shares, Units or Other Rights That Have Not Vested 
 (#) 

Equity Incentive Plan Awards: Market
 or Payout Value of Unearned Shares, Units or Other Rights That Have Not Vested 
 ) 

Andrew Birnbaum 

0 

0 

0 

0 

N/A 

0 

0 

0 

0 

_____ 
 
 22 

EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENTS 

The Company is not a party to any employment agreement and has no compensation
agreement with any officer or director. 

DIRECTOR COMPENSATION 

The following table sets forth director compensation as of October 31,
2022: 

Name 

Fees 
 Earned 
 or Paid 
 in Cash 
 ) 

Stock 
 Awards 
 ) 

Option 
 Awards 
 ) 

Non-Equity 
 Incentive 
 Plan 
 Compensation 
 ) 

Nonqualified 
 Deferred 
 Compensation 
 Earnings 
 ) 

All Other 
 Compensation 
 ) 

Total 
 ) 

Andrew Birnbaum 

32,010 

0 

0 

0 

0 

0 

32,010 

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT
AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS. 

The following table lists,
as of the date of this report, the number of shares of common stock of our Company that are beneficially owned by (i) each person or entity
known to our Company to be the beneficial owner of more than 5 of the outstanding common stock; (ii) each officer and director of our
Company; and (iii) all officer and director as a group. Information relating to beneficial ownership of common stock by our principal
shareholders and management is based upon information furnished by each person using beneficial ownership concepts under
the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission. Under these rules, a person is deemed to be a beneficial owner of a security if that
person has or shares voting power, which includes the power to vote or direct the voting of the security, or investment power, which includes
the power to vote or direct the voting of the security. The person is also deemed to be a beneficial owner of any security of which that
person has a right to acquire beneficial ownership within 60 days. Under the Securities and Exchange Commission rules, more than one person
may be deemed to be a beneficial owner of the same securities, and a person may be deemed to be a beneficial owner of securities as to
which he or she may not have any pecuniary beneficial interest. Except as noted below, each person has sole voting and investment power. 

The percentages below are calculated based on 50,073,887 shares of our
common stock issued and outstanding as of October 31, 2022. We do not have any outstanding warrant, options or other securities exercisable
for or convertible into shares of our common stock. 

Title of Class 

Name and 
 Address of 
 Beneficial 
 Owner (1) 

Amount and 
 Nature of 
 Beneficial Ownership 

Percent of 
 Common 
 Stock 

Common Stock 
 
 Andrew Birnbaum 
 
 10,060,000 Direct 

All directors and executive officers as a group (1 person) 

10,060,000 
 Direct 

20.09 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR
INDEPENDENCE. 

Director Independence 

Our securities are not listed
on a national securities exchange or on any inter-dealer quotation system which has a requirement that a majority of directors be independent.
Our board of directors has undertaken a review of the independence of each director by the standards for director independence set forth
in the NASDAQ Marketplace Rules. Under these rules, a director is not considered to be independent if he or she also is an executive officer
or employee of the corporation. Our board of directors has determined that the Company does not have any independent directors. 

23 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 

The following is a summary of the fees billed to us
by our prior principal accountants PKF Antares during the fiscal years ended October 31, 2022, and 2021: (No fees to our current principal
accounts Gries and Associates, LLC have been accrued or reflected in the table below.) 

Fee Category 
 
 2021 
 
 2020 
 
 Audit Fees 

28,900 

4,911 

Audit-related Fees 

0 

0 

Tax Fees 

0 

0 

All Other Fees 

0 

0 

Total Fees 

28,900 

4,911 

Audit Fees - Consists of fees for professional
services rendered by our principal accountants for the audit of our annual financial statements and review of the financial statements
included in our Forms 10-Q or services that are normally provided by our principal accountants in connection with statutory and regulatory
filings or engagements. 

Audit-related Fees - Consists of fees for assurance
and related services by our principal accountants that are reasonably related to the performance of the audit or review of our financial
statements and are not reported under Audit fees. 

Tax Fees - Consists of fees for professional
services rendered by our principal accountants for tax compliance, tax advice and tax planning. 

All Other Fees - Consists of fees for products
and services provided by our principal accountants, other than the services reported under Audit fees, Audit-related
fees, and Tax fees above. 

PART IV 

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES. 

The following exhibits are included with this annual
report: 

Exhibit 
 Number 

Description 
 
 3.1 
 
 Articles of Incorporation (filed as an exhibit to our Form S-1 Registration Statement and subsequent amendments) 
 
 3.2 
 
 Bylaws (filed as an exhibit to our Form S-1 Registration Statement and subsequent amendments) 
 
 23.1 
 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Accounting Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

32.1 
 
 32.2 

Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant Section 906 Certifications under Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 Certification of Principal Accounting Officer pursuant Section 906 Certifications under Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 101 
 
 Interactive data files pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 
 
 __________ 

 Filed herewith. 

24 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this amended report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

PEDRO S LIST, INC. 

(Registrant) 

Dated: March 15, 2022 
 By: 
 /s/ Andrew Birnbaum 

Name: 
 Andrew Birnbaum 

Title: 
 President, Secretary, Treasurer, and Director 

(Principal Executive Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 exhibit_31-1.htm
 SEC. 302 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER

Exhibit 31.1 

 CERTIFICATION 

I, Andrew Birnbaum certify that: 

1. 
 I
 have reviewed this report on Form 10-K for the year ended October 31, 2022. 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 15, 2023 

/s/ Andrew Birnbaum 

 Andrew Birnbaum 

 Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 exhibit_31-2.htm
 SEC. 302 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER

Exhibit 31.2 

 CERTIFICATION 

 I, Andrew Birnbaum, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this report on Form 10-K for the year ended October 31, 2022. 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 15, 2023 

/s/ Andrew Birnbaum 

 Andrew Birnbaum 

 Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 exhibit_32-1.htm
 SEC. 906 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER

Exhibit 32.1 

 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report of Pedro s List, Inc. (the
 Company on Form 10-K for the period ended October 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date
hereof (the Report ), I, Andrew Birnbaum, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350,
as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1) The Report fully
complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

 (2) The information
contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of the Company. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has executed this certification as
of March 15, 2023. 

/s/ Andrew Birnbaum 

 Andrew Birnbaum 

 Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 exhibit_32-2.htm
 SEC. 906 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER

Exhibit 32.2 

 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report of Pedro s List, Inc. (the
 Company on Form 10-Q for the year ended October 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the
date hereof (the Report ), I, Andrew Birnbaum, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.
 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

 (1) The Report fully
complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

 (2) The information
contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of the Company. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has executed this certification as
of March 15, 2022. 

/s/ Andrew Birnbaum 

 Andrew Birnbaum 

 Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 pdro-20221031.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 pdro-20221031_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 pdro-20221031_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 pdro-20221031_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

