<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230301_10-K_edgar_data_1760965_0001760965-23-000007.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>89071769</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>1015700</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>75043311</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>5858806</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3610371</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>3237063</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001760965-23-000007.hdr.sgml : 20230301
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230301154346
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001760965-23-000007
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		350
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230301
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230301

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Kontoor Brands, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001760965
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	MEN'S & BOYS' FURNISHINGS, WORK CLOTHING, AND ALLIED GARMENTS [2320]
		IRS NUMBER:				832680248
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NC
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1228

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-38854
		FILM NUMBER:		23693155

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		400 N. ELM STREET
		CITY:			GREENSBORO
		STATE:			NC
		ZIP:			27401
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(336) 332-3400

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		400 N. ELM STREET
		CITY:			GREENSBORO
		STATE:			NC
		ZIP:			27401

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001760965-23-000007.txt : 20230301

10-K
 1
 ktb-20221231.htm
 10-K

ktb-20221231 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 FORM 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2022 
 or 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from ______ to ______ 
 Commission file number: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. employer identification number) 
 
 , 
 (Address of principal executive offices) 
 ) 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. No 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports) and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant's executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 The aggregate market value of Common Stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant on July 1, 2022, the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, was approximately based on the closing price of the registrant's Common Stock on the New York Stock Exchange. 
 As of February 24, 2023, there were shares of Common Stock of the registrant outstanding. 
 Documents Incorporated By Reference: 

KONTOOR BRANDS, INC 
 Table of Contents 
 PAGE NUMBER PART I ITEM 1. Business 
 2 
 ITEM 1A. Risk Factors 
 10 
 ITEM 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 22 
 ITEM 2. Properties 
 23 
 ITEM 3. Legal Proceedings 
 23 
 ITEM 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 23 
 PART II ITEM 5. Market for Kontoor's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 24 
 ITEM 6. Reserved 
 24 
 ITEM 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 25 
 ITEM 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 37 
 ITEM 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 38 
 ITEM 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 38 
 ITEM 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 39 
 ITEM 9B. Other Information 
 39 
 ITEM 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions That Prevent Inspections 
 39 
 PART III ITEM 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 40 
 ITEM 11. Executive Compensation 
 40 
 ITEM 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 40 
 ITEM 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 40 
 ITEM 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 40 
 PART IV ITEM 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 41 
 ITEM 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 43 
 Signatures 
 44 

Kontoor Brands, Inc. 2022 Form 10-K - Table of Contents 

Table of Contents 

 PART I 
 Special Note On Forward-Looking Statements 
 Kontoor Brands, Inc. Kontoor, the Company, we, us, or our has made statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K that are forward-looking statements (as such term is defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995). In some cases, you can identify these statements by forward-looking words such as may, might, will, should, expects, plans, anticipates, believes, estimates, predicts, potential or continue, the negative of these terms and other comparable terminology. These forward-looking statements, which are subject to risks, uncertainties and assumptions about us, may include projections, forecasts or assumptions of our future financial performance, our anticipated growth strategies and anticipated trends in our business. These statements are only predictions based on our current expectations and projections about future events. There are important factors that could cause our actual results, level of activity, performance or achievements to differ materially from the results, level of activity, performance or achievements expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. Known or unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause the actual results of operations or financial condition of Kontoor to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, those described in Item 1A. Risk Factors of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, as such may be amended or supplemented in our subsequently filed Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, and the following: macroeconomic conditions, including inflation, rising interest rates, recessionary concerns, distress in global credit markets and foreign currency exchange rates, as well as ongoing global supply chain disruptions, labor challenges, the COVID-19 pandemic and geopolitical events, continue to adversely impact global economic conditions and have had, and may continue to have, a negative impact on the Company s business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows (including future uncertain impacts); the level of consumer demand for apparel; supply chain and shipping disruptions, which could continue to result in shipping delays, an increase in transportation costs and increased product costs or lost sales; reliance on a small number of large customers; the COVID-19 pandemic continues to negatively affect the Company s business and could continue to result in supply chain disruptions, reduced consumer traffic and purchasing, closed factories and stores, and reduced workforces (including future uncertain effects); intense industry competition; the ability to accurately forecast demand for products; the Company s ability to gauge consumer preferences and product trends, and to respond to constantly changing markets; the Company s ability to maintain the images of its brands; increasing pressure on margins; e-commerce operations through the Company s direct-to-consumer business; the financial difficulty experienced by the retail industry; possible goodwill and other asset impairment; the ability to implement the Company s business strategy; the stability of manufacturing facilities and foreign suppliers; fluctuations in wage rates and the price, availability and quality of raw materials and contracted products; the reliance on a limited number of suppliers for raw material sourcing and the ability to obtain raw materials on a timely basis or in sufficient quantity or quality; disruption to distribution systems; seasonality; unseasonal or severe weather conditions; the Company's and its vendors ability to maintain the strength and security of information technology systems; the risk that facilities and systems and those of third-party service providers may be vulnerable to and unable to anticipate or detect data security breaches and data or financial loss; ability to properly collect, use, manage and secure consumer and employee data; foreign currency fluctuations; disruption and volatility in the global capital and credit markets and its impact on the Company's ability to obtain short-term or long-term financing on favorable terms; the impact of climate change and related legislative and regulatory responses; legal, regulatory, political and economic risks; changes to trade policy, including tariff and import/export regulations; compliance with anti-bribery, anti-corruption and anti-money laundering laws by the Company and third-party suppliers and manufacturers; changes in tax laws and liabilities; the costs of compliance with or the violation of national, state and local laws and regulations for environmental, consumer protection, employment, privacy, safety and other matters; continuity of members of management; labor relations; the ability to protect trademarks and other intellectual property rights; the ability of the Company s licensees to generate expected sales and maintain the value of the Company s brands; the Company maintaining satisfactory credit ratings; restrictions on the Company s business relating to its debt obligations; volatility in the price and trading volume of the Company s common stock; anti-takeover provisions in the Company s organizational documents; and fluctuations in the amount and frequency of our share repurchases. Many of the foregoing risks and uncertainties will be exacerbated by any continued worsening of the global business and economic environment. 
 Our forward-looking statements are based on our beliefs and assumptions using information available at the time the statements are made. We caution the reader not to place undue reliance on our forward-looking statements as (i) these statements are neither a prediction nor a guarantee of future events or circumstances and (ii) the assumptions, beliefs, expectations and projections about future events may differ materially from actual results. We undertake no obligation to update any of these forward-looking statements after the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K to conform our prior statements to actual results or revised expectations, except to the extent required by law. 
 Where You Can Find More Information 
 All periodic and current reports, registration statements and other filings that Kontoor has filed or furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ), including our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"), are available free of charge from the SEC s website (www.sec.gov). Our SEC filings are also available on our corporate website at www.kontoorbrands.com as soon as reasonably practicable after they are filed with or furnished to the SEC. Our website and the information contained therein or connected thereto is not incorporated in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 The following corporate governance documents can be accessed on our corporate website: Corporate Governance Principles, Code of Business Conduct and the charters of our Audit Committee, Talent and Compensation Committee and Nominating and 
 
 1 Kontoor Brands, Inc. 2022 Form 10-K 

Table of Contents 

 Governance Committee. Copies of these documents also may be obtained by any shareholder free of charge upon written request to the Corporate Secretary, Kontoor Brands Inc., 400 N. Elm Street, Greensboro, NC 27401. 
 After our 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, we intend to file with the New York Stock Exchange NYSE the certification regarding our compliance with the NYSE s corporate governance listing standards as required by NYSE Rule 303A.12. Last year, we filed this certification with the NYSE on April 25, 2022. 

ITEM 1. BUSINESS. 
 Overview 
 Kontoor Brands, Inc. (collectively with its subsidiaries, "Kontoor," the "Company," "we," "us" or "our") is a global lifestyle apparel company, with a portfolio led by two of the world s most iconic consumer brands: Wrangler and Lee . The Company designs, produces, procures, markets, distributes and licenses apparel, footwear and accessories, primarily under the brand names Wrangler and Lee . The Company s products are sold in the United States U.S. through mass merchants, specialty stores, mid-tier and traditional department stores, company-operated stores and online. The Company s products are also sold internationally, primarily in the Europe, Middle East and Africa ("EMEA") and Asia-Pacific APAC regions, through department, specialty, company-operated, concession retail and independently-operated partnership stores and online. 
 Kontoor is headquartered in the U.S. with a presence in over 70 countries. Our primary brands, Wrangler and Lee , benefit from heritages spanning over 200 combined years. During 2022, we sold approximately 157 million units of apparel across all brands. We sell our products primarily through our established wholesale and expanding digital ecosystems, supplemented through our branded brick mortar locations. We benefit from strong relationships with many of our customers who we believe depend on our ability to reliably and timely replenish our high-volume products. 
 We focus on continuously improving the most important elements of our products, which include fit, fabric, finish and overall construction, while continuing to provide our products to consumers at attractive price points. We leverage innovation and design advancements as well as our unique brand heritages to create products that meet our consumers' needs. 
 The Company operates and reports using a 52/53 week fiscal year ending on the Saturday closest to December 31 of each year. For presentation purposes herein, all references to periods ended December 2022, December 2021 and December 2020 correspond to the 52-week fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and January 1, 2022 and the 53-week fiscal year ended January 2, 2021, respectively. 
 Macroeconomic Environment and Other Recent Developments 
 Macroeconomic conditions, including inflation, rising interest rates, recessionary concerns, distress in global credit markets and foreign currency exchange rates, as well as ongoing supply chain disruptions, labor challenges and the COVID-19 pandemic, continue to adversely impact global economic conditions, as well as the Company's operations. We do not have significant operations in Russia or Ukraine, and exited our distribution arrangement in Russia in 2022. However, the conflict between Russia and Ukraine continues to cause disruption in the surrounding areas and greater uncertainty in the global economy. 
 Inflationary pressures increased key input costs and softened consumer demand beginning late in the second quarter of 2022 and continued through the second half of 2022. The rise in interest rates during the second half of 2022 also contributed to reduced consumer discretionary spending, resulting in retailer actions to reduce their inventory levels which negatively impacted our sales, primarily during the third quarter of 2022. 
 We continued to experience delays in product and raw material availability into the first half of 2022 due largely to global supply chain disruptions, driven in part by port congestion and transportation delays, and incurred transitory costs, including air freight to expedite shipments to meet customer demand. Many global supply chain disruptions became less prevalent during the second half compared to the first half of 2022. Accordingly, we were able to reduce our use of air freight, but experienced increases in other input costs, including ocean freight. 
 We experienced store closures, disruptions in distribution and restrictions on consumer mobility in certain regions of China during 2022 due to COVID-19 and related restrictions, which had a significant impact on sales and operations in APAC. We took actions to manage these impacts including the expansion of our credit lines in the region during the second quarter of 2022 to ensure sufficient liquidity. 
 All of the above factors contributed to increased inventory levels, primarily in core product. This increase was most significant in the third quarter of 2022. To manage inventory, we adjusted receipts on sourced goods and took downtime in our internal manufacturing facilities in the fourth quarter of 2022. These conditions drove higher provisions for inventory losses in 2022 compared to the prior year. We continue to work with our customers and vendors to meet ongoing demand and minimize supply chain impacts. 
 While we anticipate continued macroeconomic uncertainty during 2023, we believe that we are appropriately positioned to successfully manage through known operational challenges. We continue to closely monitor macroeconomic conditions, including consumer behavior and the impact of these factors on consumer demand and our business. 
 2 Kontoor Brands, Inc. 2022 Form 10-K 

Table of Contents 

 Corporate Information 
 Our principal executive offices are located at 400 N. Elm Street, Greensboro, North Carolina 27401 and our telephone number is 336-332-3400. Our website is www.kontoorbrands.com. Our website and the information contained therein or connected thereto is not incorporated in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Our Competitive Strengths 
 Iconic Brands With Significant Global Scale 
 The Wrangler and Lee brands are steeped in rich heritage and authenticity, with 76 years and 134 years of history, respectively, and have an established global presence in the apparel market. Products bearing our brands are sold in more than 70 countries, and we believe they have strong consumer connectivity worldwide. We market our brands and products to highlight their differentiated position and product attributes. We sit at the center of cultural moments and cater broadly to customers through our global and regional licensed collaborations, such as Yellowstone, The Brooklyn Circus, The Hundreds, Pendleton, Leon Bridges, Fender, Billabong, among others, as well as participation in festivals such as Lollapalooza, Bonnaroo and Austin City Limits. We strive to maximize our consumer reach by leveraging each brand s best practices to drive growth across product categories and expand our overall net revenues and earnings profile. 
 Deep Relationships With Leading Global Brick Mortar and E-Commerce Retailers 
 We have developed long-term relationships with many leading global brick mortar and e-commerce retailers, including Amazon, Kohl s, Target and Walmart, whom we believe rely on our iconic brands, leading product quality and value, and innovation to address evolving consumer needs in our product categories. We foster close and long-standing relationships with our wholesale customers, having partnered with each of our top three brick mortar wholesale customers for over 30 years and with Amazon for over 15 years. Our rich global heritage across both the Wrangler and Lee brands also supports strong positions in growing markets, such as in the U.S. Western specialty channel and with leading retailers in China. By fostering these relationships, we have become an important vendor for many of our customers and have built leading category positions, which in turn supports the availability of our brands to consumers and our ability to introduce new products and categories. We also endeavor to provide sophisticated logistics, planning, and merchandising expertise to support our customers, which we believe enables a level of insight that builds more integrated customer relationships. 
 Integrated Supply Chain Built to Support Volume and Replenishment 
 We are continually refining our supply chain to maximize efficiency and reinforce our reputation of reliability with our customers. Through our vertically integrated supply chain, we manufacture, source and distribute a significant quantity of high-volume apparel products that are frequently replenished by our retail partners. Our product procurement and distribution strategies, combined with our internal manufacturing facilities and retail floor space management programs, create increased operating flexibility. Our supply chain is built to support large volumes and to meet customer needs while balancing cost and operational requirements. Our internal manufacturing facilities are all located in the Western Hemisphere where their proximity to our primary markets enables us to deliver inventory in a consistent and timely manner. We also have established global third-party sourcing and distribution networks that we leverage across product categories and various regions. We currently have three technical service centers located in North Carolina, South China and Bangladesh. We believe our flexible and balanced approach to manufacturing and distribution allows us to better manage our production needs and to support expanded digital distribution. Additionally, we expect to further leverage our new global enterprise resource planning ERP system to deliver global cost savings, reduce complexity in our supply chain, create better inventory management and improve our speed in the market. 
 Highly Experienced Management Team and Board of Directors 
 We have a highly experienced senior management team that continuously demonstrates an unwavering commitment to our employees, our shareholders and our business. Drawing on the management team s deep industry knowledge and diverse perspectives, they have helped navigate our business through unprecedented challenges spurred by a global pandemic, while simultaneously evolving our purpose-led strategies with agility and flexibility. As we continue our transformational period focused on catalyzing growth for our global brands, we believe our management team and Board of Directors will continue to drive the success of our company. 
 Resilient Business Model That Delivers Consistent Results 
 Our business has historically generated consistent margins and strong cash flows due to our global reach, leading market positions, deep customer relationships, and the vertical integration of our supply chain. We believe we offer high product value and quality to our consumers, who respond to our value proposition by consistently purchasing our products over time. Our strong margin profile combined with our diligent approach to operational excellence and capital management have produced meaningful cash flows. We believe our consistent financial results will provide us with the opportunity to consistently invest in our business and deploy a multi-faceted capital allocation strategy. Despite the macroeconomic pressures faced by the Company in recent years, we have been resilient. We responded with agility to shifting market conditions, continued to produce forward momentum and transitioned to our Horizon 2 strategy discussed below, focusing on cash flow, optionality and revenue and margin growth to drive long-term acceleration. 
 
 3 Kontoor Brands, Inc. 2022 Form 10-K 

Table of Contents 

 Our Strategies 
 Our management team continues to focus on the long-term strategic initiatives we introduced in 2019, when we became a standalone public company. 
 During Horizon 1, or the first 18-24 months as a standalone public company, we established a healthier foundation for profitable growth. This was supported by streamlining our global operations, migrating to a new technology platform, enhancing gross margin through improving quality of sales and de-levering our balance sheet. 
 We are now in Horizon 2, which is focused on driving brand growth and delivering long-term value to our stakeholders including our consumers, customers, shareholders, suppliers and the communities where we do business around the world. We are focused on the following four areas that we believe will catalyze profitable revenue growth in the future: 
 Enhance and Accelerate Our Core U.S. Wholesale Business 
 We are focused on continuing to enhance the global strength of our brands, improve operating efficiency and increase the overall demand for our products. Within our largest market and channel, we are pursuing strategies to support and grow market share in existing distribution with leading retailers, drive business opportunities in new channels, such as premium, specialty and sporting goods, as well as accelerate complementary categories. 
 Diversify Our Product Mix Through Category Extensions, Including Outdoor, Workwear and T-shirts 
 We continue to enhance our existing product assortment, broaden our product offering and expand into adjacent product categories, with a focus on outdoor, workwear and t-shirts. Within outdoor, we are bringing to market new product innovation platforms such as collections from All Terrain Gear by Wrangler TM and Wrangler Angler TM . Within workwear, we are leveraging our strong brand equity and innovation platforms to enter new markets and categories. And in t shirts, we are focusing our efforts across logo, lifestyle and licensed/collaboration content. Successful execution of our product expansion strategies should broaden the appeal of our brands and products to new consumers and ultimately drive the overall net revenues of the business. 
 Expand Our Reach Around the Globe, Prioritizing Opportunities Within the China and Europe Regions 
 We continue to pursue opportunities to expand the distribution of our products with new and existing customers internationally. In Asia, we launched a retail excellence initiative with reformatted stores, improved point of sale technologies and enhanced assortments. In Europe, we are refining our strategy to become more consumer-centric in addressing how and where our customers want to purchase our products, such as the introduction of a dual-branded Lee and Wrangler premium retail concept in Berlin in 2022 with plans to extend to additional stores in select European markets. To support our growth initiatives, we approved plans during the third quarter of 2022 to globalize our operating model and relocate our European headquarters to Geneva, Switzerland. Wrangler , which is currently approximately 90 U.S. domestic, has many international growth opportunities, particularly in China and Europe. 
 Elevate Our Direct Connection With Consumers Through Channel Expansion, Focused on Evolving the Company s Direct-to-consumer and Digital Ecosystem 
 We are leveraging our leading brand positions to increase our digital penetration with our own e commerce websites as well as major global retail partners, as we continue to evolve our digital ecosystem. We are making progress towards these objectives through amplified investments in advanced data analytics capabilities and unlocking new value through our global ERP infrastructure. In addition, we are stepping up our investment in accretive enablers, such as product and design, innovation, supply chain, talent and culture and demand creation. 
 Our Business Segment Information 
 Our two reportable segments are Wrangler and Lee , which primarily include sales of branded products, along with various sub-brands and collections as discussed under each brand below. In addition, we present an Other category for purposes of reconciliation of reportable segment net revenues and profits to the Company's consolidated operating results, but the Other category is not considered a reportable segment. See below for additional information on the brands, channels of distribution and geographies included in each segment. 
 Wrangler 
 Wrangler is an iconic American heritage brand rooted in the western lifestyle, with 76 years of history offering denim, apparel, and accessories for adults and children. Wrangler branded products are available through wholesale arrangements with mass and mid-tier retailers, specialty stores, department stores, independently-operated partnership stores, and e-commerce platforms, as well as through our Company-operated retail stores and websites. Wrangler branded products are available in the U.S., Canada and Mexico, the United Kingdom and continental Europe, the Middle East, China, and through licensees across Australia, Asia, Africa, Central and South America, Europe and India. We offer multiple sub-brands and collections within the Wrangler brand to target specific consumer demographics and consumer end-users, including: 20X , Aura from the Women at Wrangler , Cowboy Cut , Premium Patch , Riggs Workwear , Rock 47 , Rustler , Wrangler Retro , Wrangler Rugged Wear , All Terrain Gear by Wrangler TM and Wrangler Angler TM . 
 4 Kontoor Brands, Inc 2022 Form 10-K 

Table of Contents 

 Lee 
 Lee is an iconic American denim and apparel brand, with 134 years of heritage and authenticity. Lee collections include a uniquely styled range of jeans, pants, shirts, shorts and jackets for adults and children. The Lee brand delivers trend-forward styles with exceptional fit and comfort through innovative fabric solutions and advanced design technology. Lee branded products are distributed domestically and internationally through the wholesale channel including department stores, mass merchants, specialty stores, independently-operated partnership stores, and e-commerce platforms, as well as through our Company-operated retail stores and websites. Lee branded products are available in the U.S., Canada, Mexico, the United Kingdom and continental Europe, the Middle East, China, and through licensees across Australia, Asia, Africa, Central and South America, Europe and India. The Lee brand offers multiple sub-brands and collections, making it attractive for a broader consumer base, including: Lee101 TM , Riders by Lee Indigo, Performance Series TM and Vintage Modern TM . 
 Other 
 Other primarily includes other revenue sources, including sales and licensing of Rock Republic apparel. Rock Republic is a premium apparel brand and is marketed to consumers as a modern and active lifestyle brand. We distribute the brand in the U.S. and Canada by leveraging our retail and e-commerce relationships. Other also included sales of third-party branded merchandise at company-owned outlet stores through the first quarter of 2021. 
 Distribution Channels and Customers 
 Our distribution channels include U.S. Wholesale, Non-U.S. Wholesale, Direct-to-Consumer and Other. 
 U.S. Wholesale 
 The U.S. Wholesale channel is our largest distribution channel and accounted for approximately 72 of our net revenues in 2022. Within this channel, our Wrangler and Lee branded products are marketed and sold by mass and mid-tier retailers, specialty stores including western specialty retail, department stores and retailer-owned and third-party e-commerce sites. This channel also includes revenues related to Rock Republic products sold in the U.S. A portion of our U.S. Wholesale net revenue is attributable to digital sales from our wholesale partners websites, third-party e-commerce platforms such as Amazon, and other pure-play digital retailers. Third-party e-commerce platforms and pure-play digital retailers are a growing and important portion of this channel. 
 Our mass merchant customers include national retailers such as Target and Walmart, as well as various regional retail partners. Our mid-tier and traditional department store customers include national retailers such as Kohl s and Nordstrom as well as other retail partners. The specialty store channel, which includes revenue from Wrangler Riggs Workwear and Wrangler Western branded products, consists primarily of national accounts such as Boot Barn, Cavender's and Tractor Supply Company as well as upscale modern specialty stores. 
 We foster close and longstanding relationships with our wholesale customers, having partnered with each of our top three brick mortar wholesale customers for over 30 years. In addition, we engage in an active dialogue with many of our key wholesale customers and receive proprietary insights about how our products are performing on a timely basis. Our brands top U.S. Wholesale customers include Amazon, Kohl s, Target and Walmart. 
 In addition, a small portion of sales in our U.S. Wholesale channel are from domestic licensing arrangements where we receive royalties based on a percentage of the licensed products net revenues. Most of the agreements provide for a minimum royalty requirement. See Licensing Arrangements herein for more information. 
 Non-U.S. Wholesale 
 The Non-U.S. Wholesale channel represents the majority of our international business and accounted for approximately 17 of our net revenues in 2022. The majority of the Wrangler and Lee international product business is located in EMEA and APAC, where we sell our products directly to our department store and specialty store wholesale customers, and indirectly through our distribution and license relationships. This channel also includes revenues related to Rock Republic products sold in Canada. In Canada and Mexico, our products are marketed through mass merchants, department stores and specialty stores. Additionally, our Non-U.S. Wholesale channel includes non-U.S. sales on digital platforms operated by our wholesale customers, as well as sales in partnership stores located across EMEA, APAC and South America. Partnership stores are owned and operated by our licensees, distributors and other independent parties. They are retail locations selling our Wrangler and Lee branded products that have the appearance of Kontoor-operated stores, and as such represent an important vehicle for presenting our brands to international consumers. Similar to the U.S. Wholesale channel, we use proprietary insights from our wholesale customers to strategically refine our products and adjust our go-to-market approach. 
 Geographically, our net revenue in EMEA is concentrated in developed markets such as France, Germany, Italy, Poland, Scandinavia, Spain and the United Kingdom. We access the APAC market primarily through our business in China. Canada is the largest international market for Wrangler branded products, while China is the largest international market for Lee branded products. 
 
 5 Kontoor Brands, Inc. 2022 Form 10-K 

Table of Contents 

 In addition, a small portion of sales in our Non-U.S. Wholesale channel are from international licensing arrangements where we receive royalties based on a percentage of the licensed products net revenues. Most of the agreements provide for a minimum royalty requirement. See Licensing Arrangements herein for more information. 
 Direct-to-Consumer 
 Our Direct-to-Consumer channel accounted for approximately 11 of our net revenues in 2022 and represents the distribution of our products via our Wrangler and Lee branded full-price stores and Company-operated outlet stores globally, as well as digital sales generated globally from our own websites, including www.wrangler.com and www.lee.com, and concession retail locations internationally. 
 The Direct-to-Consumer channel allows us to achieve the fullest expression of our brands by displaying our product lines in a manner that supports the brands positioning, providing an in-store and online user experience that enables us to address the needs and preferences of our consumers. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had 26 Company-operated full-price Wrangler and Lee branded retail stores, which are located in Asia, Europe and the U.S. They include both mono-brand stores, which exclusively carry either Wrangler or Lee branded products, and dual-brand stores, which carry both Wrangler and Lee branded products. We also had 51 Company-operated outlet and clearance centers as of December 31, 2022, primarily our Lee Wrangler Outlet TM and Lee Wrangler Clearance Center TM retail stores located in the U.S., as well as locations in Europe and Mexico. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had 176 concession retail and outlet stores in Europe and Asia. Under a typical concession arrangement, we have a dedicated sales area, pay a concession fee for use of the space based on a percentage of retail sales and, in many cases, manage staffing for operation of the sales area. The concession model provides dedicated sales areas for our brands and helps differentiate and enhance the presentation of our products, generally without incurring the full overhead of opening a separate store. 
 We continue to prioritize serving our customers through digital platforms that enhance the user experience and drive customer interaction in digital and physical environments. Digitally-enabled transactions generated from our own websites represent a growing portion of our net revenues, and help elevate the connection consumers have with our brands. Wrangler and Lee branded products are currently available through our own websites in 15 countries. 
 Other 
 Other included sales of third-party branded merchandise at company-owned outlet stores through the first quarter of 2021. 
 Licensing Arrangements 
 We seek to maximize our brands market penetration and consumer reach by entering into licensing agreements with independent parties. Pursuant to these licensing agreements, we typically grant our licensing partner an exclusive or non-exclusive license to use one or more of our brands in connection with specific licensed categories of products in specific geographic regions. Our licensing partners leverage the strength of our brands and our customer relationships to sell products in their licensed categories and geographic regions. We currently have licensing agreements in categories including jeanswear, casual apparel, workwear, belts, footwear, small leather goods, headwear, socks, home d cor, luggage, bags, watches, eyewear and cold weather accessories. 
 We retain oversight and approvals of the design, quality control, advertising, marketing and distribution of licensed products to help maintain our brand and product quality standards. License agreements are for fixed terms of typically two to five years. Each licensee pays royalties based on its sales of licensed products, with the majority of agreements requiring a minimum royalty payment. Licensing net revenue was 32.5 million in 2022. 
 Design, Product Development and Innovation 
 The design, product development and innovation teams work together to deliver our brands' product strategy, combining extensive experience and know-how to create a unique product combination of world-class value, quality and styling for our customers and consumers. We design and develop products globally, with key functions in the U.S. and Hong Kong. These creative teams collaborate with the merchandising, marketing, planning, consumer insights and executive teams to ensure the product delivers against brand positioning, value, customer and consumer needs and sustainability requirements. We have two primary selling seasons, Spring/Summer and Fall/Winter, although some product lines are offered more frequently. 
 In addition to our global design and product development functions, we operate an innovation center in Greensboro, North Carolina. Research for advanced product technology takes place in our material science lab. The research focus includes raw materials, garment construction, laser processing and wash-finishing advancements. This location is staffed with dedicated scientists and engineers who leverage consumer insights to create new products and material technologies, enhance attributes of existing products and improve manufacturing techniques. Our innovation network is integral to our design approach and long-term growth, allowing us to evolve and deliver product experiences that meet our consumer needs. 
 6 Kontoor Brands, Inc 2022 Form 10-K 

Table of Contents 

 Manufacturing, Sourcing and Distribution 
 Our global supply chain organization is responsible for the operational planning, manufacturing, sourcing and distribution of products to our customers. We believe we have developed a high degree of expertise in managing the complexities associated with a global supply chain. During 2022, we produced or sourced approximately 175 million units of apparel. Our supply chain employs a centralized leadership model with localized regional expertise. Within our internal manufacturing facilities, we innovate and design proprietary equipment to drive our production output and capabilities. We focus on engineering and efficiency, which we believe provides an ongoing competitive advantage in our internal manufacturing facilities. We leverage our manufacturing expertise in our sourcing operations, where we have developed longstanding relationships with third-party contract manufacturers and distributors. We believe this manufacturing and sourcing approach, coupled with strategic inventory and retail floor space management programs with many of our major retail customers, gives us operational flexibility as we continue to expand our distribution. 
 We continued to experience delays in product and raw material availability into the first half of 2022 due largely to global supply chain disruptions, driven in part by port congestion and transportation delays, and incurred transitory costs, including air freight to expedite shipments to meet customer demand. Many global supply chain disruptions became less prevalent during the second half compared to the first half of 2022, but certain macroeconomic conditions contributed to higher inventory levels. Accordingly, we adjusted receipts on sourced goods and took downtime in our internal manufacturing facilities in the fourth quarter of 2022 to manage inventory. We continue to work with our customers and vendors to meet ongoing demand and minimize supply chain impacts. 
 Sourcing and Manufacturing 
 We believe the combination of our internal manufacturing and contract manufacturing across different geographic regions provides a well-balanced, flexible approach to product procurement. Within our own manufacturing facilities, we purchase raw materials from numerous U.S. and international suppliers to meet our production needs. Raw materials include products made from cotton, polyester, spandex and lycra blends, as well as thread and trim (such as product identification, buttons, zippers and snaps). Fixed price commitments for fabric and certain supplies are typically set on a quarterly basis for the next quarter s purchases. No single supplier represents more than 10 of our total cost of goods sold. We operate global sourcing hubs, which are responsible for managing contract manufacturing and procurement of product, including supplier oversight, product quality assurance, sustainability within the supply chain, responsible sourcing, and transportation and shipping functions. 
 We operate ten manufacturing facilities, comprised of seven owned facilities in Mexico and three leased facilities in Nicaragua. We also source products from approximately 225 contract manufacturing facilities in 19 countries. During 2022, approximately 31 of our units were manufactured in our internal manufacturing facilities, and approximately 69 were sourced from contract manufacturers. Products obtained from contractors in the Western Hemisphere frequently have a higher cost than products obtained from contractors in Asia. However, internal manufacturing combined with contracting in the Western Hemisphere gives us greater flexibility, shorter lead times and allows for enhanced inventory management in the U.S. market. In making decisions about the location of manufacturing operations and suppliers, we consider several factors including the raw material source, the market the product will be sold in, production lead times, duties and tariffs, product cost, product complexity and the ability to pursue upside demand. Additionally, we continually monitor risks and developments related to duties, tariffs, quotas and other factors and we often manufacture and source products from countries with tariff preferences and free trade agreements. 
 Distribution 
 Products are shipped from our contract manufacturers and internal manufacturing facilities to distribution centers around the world. We directly operate our domestic distribution centers and we carefully select third-party logistic providers to partner with as needed in certain regions, primarily in EMEA and APAC. All of our distribution centers are strategically located to provide speed and service to our consumers at the most efficient cost possible. Additionally, our established long-term third-party distribution relationships ensure maximum capacity, connectivity, responsiveness and overall service coverage around the globe. In international markets where we do not have brick mortar or wholesale operations, our products are often marketed through our distributors, agents and licensees. 
 Inventory Management 
 Inventory management is key to the cash flows and operating results of our business. We manage our inventory levels based on existing orders, anticipated sales and the delivery requirements of our customers, which requires close coordination with our customers. For new product introductions, which often require large initial launch shipments, we may commence production before receiving orders for those products. Key areas of focus include added discipline around the purchasing of product, inventory optimization and channel placement, as well as better planning and execution in disposition of excess inventory through our various channels. Our inventory strategy is focused on continuing to meet consumer demand, while improving our inventory efficiency over the long-term through the recent implementation of the Company's global ERP system and inventory optimization tools. Reduced consumer discretionary spending and the negative impact on our sales has resulted in increased inventory levels, primarily in core product. The Company is taking proactive measures to manage our inventory. 
 
 7 Kontoor Brands, Inc. 2022 Form 10-K 

Table of Contents 

 Advertising and Customer Support 
 Our advertising and marketing efforts focus on differentiating our brands positioning and highlighting our product qualities. We are focused on creating globally unified brand messages with appropriate regional nuances in order to maximize our brand recognition, and drive brand demand from initial end consumer awareness to long-term loyalty. By utilizing global heads of marketing, we continue to develop integrated, multi-channel marketing strategies designed to effectively reach the target consumers of each of our brands. We pursue this strategy through our use of a variety of media channels and other public endorsements, including traditional media such as television, print and radio, as well as digital media channels such as display, online video, social media, live streaming, paid search and influencers. We leverage marketing analytics to optimize the impact of advertising and promotional spending, and to identify the types of spending that provide the greatest return on our marketing investments. Our strategy also includes collaborating with other influential brands and developing new advertising campaigns that drive consumer awareness and brand equity. 
 We also participate in cooperative advertising on a shared cost basis with major retailers in print and digital media, radio and television. We generally provide advertising support to our wholesale customers in the form of point-of-sale fixtures and signage to enhance the presentation and brand image of our products. Our websites, www.wrangler.com, www.lee.com and corresponding regional websites, enhance consumer understanding of our brands and help consumers find and buy our products. We employ a support team for each brand that is responsible for customer service at the consumer level as well as a sales force that manages our customer relationships. 
 Seasonality 
 Our operating results are generally subject to some variability due to seasonality, with net revenues typically being slightly higher during the back-to-school and holiday shopping seasons. This limited variation results primarily from the differences in seasonal influences on revenues between our Wrangler and Lee segments. With changes in our mix of business and the growth of our direct-to-consumer operations, historical quarterly revenue and profit trends may not be indicative of future trends. Working capital requirements vary throughout the year. Working capital typically increases early in the year as inventory builds to support peak shipping periods and then moderates later in the year as those inventories are sold and accounts receivable are collected. Cash provided by operating activities is usually substantially higher in the second half of the year due to higher net income during that period and reduced working capital requirements. However, during the second half of 2022, reduced consumer discretionary spending and the negative impact on our sales drove higher inventory levels, resulting in increased working capital. The Company is taking proactive measures to manage working capital. 
 Competition 
 The apparel industry is highly competitive, highly fragmented and characterized by low barriers to entry with many local, regional and global competitors. We compete in the apparel and accessories sector by leveraging our brands, scale and ability to develop high-quality, innovative products at competitive prices that meet consumer needs. 
 Our primary branded competitors are large, globally focused apparel companies that also participate in a variety of categories, including, but not limited to, athletic wear, denim, exclusive or private labels, casual lifestyle apparel, outerwear and workwear. A select list of key competitors includes Calvin Klein, Carhartt, Columbia, Diesel, Guess, Levi s and Tommy Hilfiger. Additionally, we see a large and growing offering from private label apparel created for retailers such as Amazon, Target, Walmart and Kohl's. 
 Intellectual Property 
 Trademarks, trade names, patents and domain names, as well as related logos, designs and graphics, provide substantial value in the development and marketing of our products, and are important to our continued success. We have registered our intellectual property in the U.S. and in other countries where our products are manufactured and/or sold. In particular, our trademark portfolio consists of over 8,100 trademark registrations and applications in the U.S. and other countries around the world, including U.S. and foreign trademark registrations for our two key brands, Wrangler and Lee . Although the laws vary by jurisdiction, in general, trademarks remain valid and enforceable provided that the marks are used in connection with the related products and services and the required registration renewals are filed. Typically, trademark registrations can be renewed indefinitely as long as the trademarks are in use. We also place high importance on product innovation and design, and a number of these innovations and designs are the subject of patents. However, we do not regard any segment of our business as being dependent upon any single patent or group of related patents. 
 Human Capital 
 We understand that our greatest asset is our global employee base. As of December 31, 2022, we had approximately 14,400 employees worldwide. Geographically, approximately 1,100 employees are located in APAC, approximately 600 are located in EMEA, approximately 9,800 are located in Latin America and Mexico, primarily supporting our manufacturing facilities, and approximately 2,900 are located in the U.S. In international markets, a significant percentage of employees are covered by trade sponsored or governmental bargaining arrangements. Employee relations are considered to be good. 
 
 8 Kontoor Brands, Inc 2022 Form 10-K 

Table of Contents 

 Supported by a leadership team that fosters a culture of collaboration, performance and entrepreneurial spirit, our employees are dedicated to harnessing design, innovation and sustainable practices to create apparel that meets the needs of our customers today, while also igniting interest from the next generation of consumers. With pride in our rich heritage and an eye toward ongoing business success, our employees embody a high-performance culture that makes Kontoor an employer of choice in the apparel industry. We are dedicated to putting our purpose, mission and values at the forefront of everything we do. 
 Diversity, Equity and Inclusion 
 We believe that diversity, equity and inclusion ("DEI") are key enablers to a culture that empowers us to work with passion and confidence, shaping our brand and future. Our DEI efforts continue to evolve and strengthen with the addition of a Chief Diversity Officer and a new DEI team in 2022. The team is anchoring their work with three strategic initiatives: increasing representation, ensuring equity and fostering inclusion. 
 Our Kontoor DEI commitments include creating a global workforce of high-performing teams that both unlocks our individual uniqueness and harnesses our collaborative talents, ensuring an equitable environment that attracts and promotes a diverse workforce, and fostering inclusivity, ensuring employees feel they can bring their whole selves to work. 
 We continue to provide employees with resources that integrate inclusion and diversity into our learning culture and philosophy. This year, we launched our Inclusion Tech Pack, a resource which provides a framework to discuss inclusion within teams and reinforce our inclusion principles of trust, belonging, empowerment and communication. 
 Our employee resource groups (ERGs) are voluntary, employee-led groups that foster diversity of thought, and have sponsored many events that have educated and connected us, such as Juneteenth and Pride month celebrations. We continue to expand the reach of our ERGs in other regions across the globe. 
 Workplace Health Safety 
 We consider health and safety as core values in all our operations. We do not jeopardize the well-being of our employees, contractors or supply chain partners to complete any tasks, projects or other priorities. We believe that all the people involved in the development of our products are our most important assets; therefore, we have created and implemented strong health and safety policies and procedures that go beyond the governmental standards. Our operations have an Occupational Safety and Health Administration recordable incident rate ("RIR") significantly below the average RIR of our industry; however, we strive to reach zero injuries. 
 Social Responsibility, Community Outreach and Sustainability 
 We are a purpose-led organization and are committed to environmental sustainability, labor welfare and community development, not only because today s consumers demand the highest standards from the brands they utilize, but because we believe these values are consistent with what our brands represent and are the right thing to do to enhance global welfare. Corporate sustainability and responsibility is an important priority for the Company and the Board of Directors. The Board of Directors is responsible for promoting the exercise of responsible corporate citizenship and monitoring adherence to Kontoor s standards. The Nominating and Governance Committee reviews and evaluates our strategies, programs, policies and practices relating to environmental, social and governance issues and impacts to support the sustainable and responsible growth of our business. Kontoor believes that in order to grow as a Company, it has a responsibility to help improve the well-being of its communities. Kontoor articulates its commitments to corporate sustainability and responsibility in its Code of Conduct which can be found on our website at www.kontoorbrands.com. 
 Our sustainability strategy is built on innovation, design and sustainable performance, underscoring our commitment to inspire people to live with passion and confidence. We believe that sustainability translates to the dynamic process of continual improvement for people, for our product and for the planet. The Company issued its most recent sustainability report in December 2021, which was our first report prepared in accordance with the Global Reporting Initiative and Sustainability Accounting Standards Board standards, and plans to issue our next sustainability report in 2023. 
 We have set sustainability goals focused on renewable energy and reducing emissions and water use, and are making progress toward those goals. In December 2022, the Company submitted science-based targets for Scope 1, Scope 2 and Scope 3 greenhouse gas emissions to the Science Based Targets Initiative. Other highlights included the evaluation of fresh water use in the manufacturing process of our Torreon internal manufacturing complex, which helped us move closer to our goal of saving 10 billion liters of water by 2025, and the expansion of our flagship sustainability program Indigood to supplier denim mills who are committed to achieving a significant reduction of fresh water in denim production. Our brands also launched collections of vintage and preloved apparel, entering a growing market that has the potential to cut greenhouse gas emissions, minimize waste, and reduce primary resource use. 
 Governmental Regulations 
 We are subject to U.S. federal, state and local laws and regulations that could affect our business, including those promulgated under the Federal Trade Commission Act, the Occupational Safety and Health Act, the Consumer Product Safety Act, the Flammable Fabrics Act, the Textile Fiber Product Identification Act, the rules and regulations of the Consumer Products Safety Commission and various environmental laws and regulations, including laws and regulations relating to generating emissions, water discharges, waste, product and packaging content and workplace safety. Our international businesses are subject to similar laws and regulations in the 
 
 9 Kontoor Brands, Inc. 2022 Form 10-K 

Table of Contents 

 countries in which they operate. Our operations also are subject to various international trade agreements and regulations. While we believe that we are in compliance in all material respects with all applicable governmental regulations, including environmental regulations, these regulations may change or become more stringent or unforeseen events may occur, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our financial position or results of operations. 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS. 
 
 You should carefully consider each of the following risks and all of the other information contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K in evaluating our business. Our business, prospects, results of operations, financial condition or cash flows could be materially and adversely affected by any of these risks, and, as a result, the trading price of our common stock could decline. 
 RISKS RELATING TO OUR BUSINESS AND INDUSTRY 
 Macroeconomic conditions, as well as geopolitical events, could have a material adverse impact on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 
 Macroeconomic conditions, including inflation, rising interest rates, recessionary concerns, distress in global credit markets and foreign currency exchange rates, as well as ongoing global supply chain disruptions, labor challenges and the COVID-19 pandemic, continue to adversely impact global economic conditions and have had, and may continue to have, a negative impact on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. Additionally, although we do not have any significant operations within Russia or Ukraine, the conflict in these regions and the related economic sanctions by Western governments on Russia has caused disruption in the surrounding areas and greater uncertainty in the global economy. 
 For instance, we were negatively impacted in 2022 by continued inflationary pressures that increased key input costs and softened consumer demand. The rise in interest rates during 2022 also contributed to reduced consumer discretionary spending. These factors have contributed to retailer actions to reduce inventory levels resulting in reduced demand and corresponding lower shipments during 2022. Global supply chain disruptions, including port congestion and other transportation delays, ocean freight availability and the use of air freight to expedite shipments to meet customer demand, also negatively impacted us in 2022. Further, we experienced store closures, disruptions in distribution and restrictions on consumer mobility in certain regions of China during 2022 due to COVID-19 and related restrictions, which had a significant impact on sales in our Asia-Pacific region, and we expect ongoing impacts in 2023 as the region manages its COVID-19 response. 
 We anticipate continued disruption and volatility during 2023 and we continue to closely monitor macroeconomic conditions, including consumer behavior and the impact of these factors on consumer demand. Continuing or worsening inflation, recessionary concerns and/or supply chain disruptions may have a material adverse impact on our results of operations, financial condition and/or cash flows. 
 Our revenues and profits depend on the level of consumer spending for apparel, which is sensitive to global economic conditions and other factors. A decline in consumer spending could have a material adverse effect on us. 
 The success of our business depends on consumer spending on apparel, and there are a number of factors that influence consumer spending, including actual and perceived economic conditions, disposable consumer income, consumer discretionary spending patterns, interest rates, inflation, recessionary concerns, the COVID-19 pandemic, consumer credit availability and consumer debt levels, fuel and other energy costs, unemployment, stock market performance, weather conditions and tax rates in the international, national, regional and local markets where our products are sold. 
 The current global economic environment is unpredictable, and adverse economic trends or other factors could negatively impact the level of consumer spending, which could have a material adverse impact on us. 
 Supply chain and shipping disruptions have resulted in shipping delays, an increase in transportation costs, and could increase product costs and result in lost sales, which may have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results and financial condition. 
 We and our third-party manufacturing partners and other vendors have experienced, and expect to continue to experience, supply chain disruption and shipping disruptions, including disruptions or delays in loading container cargo in ports of origin or off-loading cargo at ports of destination, that originated as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, congestion in port terminal facilities, labor supply and shipping container shortages, inadequate equipment and persons to load, dock and offload container vessels. These disruptions have impacted our ability to receive materials or products from our third-party manufacturing partners and suppliers, to distribute our products to our customers in a cost-effective and timely manner and to meet customer demand, all of which could have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. For example, if we miss the delivery date requirements of our customers, they may cancel orders, refuse to accept deliveries, impose non-compliance charges, demand reduced prices, or reduce future orders, any of which could harm our sales and margins. While we have taken steps to minimize the impact of these disruptions by working closely with our manufacturing partners, other vendors, and customers, there can be no assurances that further unforeseen events impacting the supply chain will not have a material adverse effect on us in the future. Additionally, the impacts that continuing supply chain disruptions have on our manufacturers and suppliers are not within our control. It is still not currently possible to predict how long it will take for these supply chain disruptions to cease or significantly ease. Prolonged supply chain disruptions impacting us 
 10 Kontoor Brands, Inc 2022 Form 10-K 

Table of Contents 

 and our manufacturing partners and other vendors could interrupt product manufacturing, increase production lead times, increase raw material and product costs, impact our ability to meet customer demand and result in lost sales, all of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 A significant portion of our revenues and gross profit is derived from a small number of large customers. The loss of any of these customers or the inability of any of these customers to pay us could substantially reduce our revenues and profits. 
 A small portion of our customers account for a significant portion of net revenues. Sales to our ten largest customers accounted for 62 of total net revenues in 2022, and our top customer, Walmart, accounted for 36 , 34 and 38 of our total net revenues in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. We expect that these customers will continue to represent a significant portion of our net sales in the future. Sales to our wholesale customers are generally on a purchase order basis and not subject to long-term agreements. A decision by any of our major wholesale customers to significantly decrease the volume of products purchased from us, cease its purchases from us, cancel its orders, reduce its advertising for our products or change its manner of doing business with us, whether motivated by economic conditions, financial difficulties, competitive conditions, or otherwise, could substantially reduce net revenues and have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. Our larger customers generally have the scale to develop supply chains that enable them to change their buying patterns, or develop and market their own private label and other economy brands that compete with some of our products. This ability also makes it easier for them to resist our efforts to increase prices, reduce inventory levels and, potentially, discontinue our products. Many of our largest customers have already developed significant private label brands under which they design and market apparel and accessories that compete directly with our products. These retailers have assumed an increasing degree of inventory risk in their private label products and, as a result, may first cancel advance orders with us in order to manage their own inventory levels downward during periods of unseasonable weather or weak economic cycles. In addition, if any of our customers devote less selling space to our categories of apparel, our sales to those customers could be reduced even if we maintain our share of their apparel business. Any such reduction in our categories of apparel selling space could result in lower sales, and our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows may be adversely affected. 
 Additionally, from time to time certain customers have experienced financial and operational difficulties. Our wholesale customers experienced significant business disruptions as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic and the macroeconomic pressures that resulted from the pandemic, including declines in retail traffic, inflationary pressures, temporary store closures, and other operational restrictions. There can be no assurance that our wholesale customers have adequate financial resources and/or access to additional capital to withstand prolonged periods of adverse economic conditions. To the extent one or more of our largest customers experience significant financial difficulty, bankruptcy, insolvency or cease operations, this could have a material adverse effect on our sales, our ability to collect on receivables and our financial condition and results of operations. 
 The COVID-19 global pandemic continues to negatively affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows, as well as customer demand. 
 Since the first quarter of 2020, there has been a worldwide impact from the COVID-19 pandemic, which has resulted in related severe disruptions to retail operations and supply chains and the global economy overall. Governmental authorities across the globe have taken and continue to take actions to curtail or slow down the spread of the virus, such as limiting or closing business activities, transportation and person-to-person interactions, resulting in disruptions at some of our retail stores, manufacturing facilities and support operations, as well as the operations of our third-party manufacturing partners and other vendors and suppliers. In some cases, the relaxation of such trends has been followed by actual or contemplated returns to stringent restrictions on commerce or gatherings, including in China and in parts of the United States and the rest of the world. Even in the absence of stringent federal, state or local mandates, deterioration in discretionary consumer spending or social distancing measures may extend the duration of the adverse impact on retail traffic in our Company-operated or our customers retail stores. 
 Global trade conditions and customer trends that originated during the pandemic continue to persist, especially in China, and may also have a long-lasting adverse impact on us independently of the progress on the pandemic. For example, the COVID-19 pandemic disrupted our supply chain and resulted in decreased retail traffic, decreases or shifts in consumer demand, spending and/or channel preferences, delays in product and raw material availability, inflationary pressures, recessionary concerns and other evolving macroeconomic conditions. The COVID-19 pandemic has had, and could continue to have, a negative impact on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows, although the full extent is still uncertain and cannot be predicted. 

11 Kontoor Brands, Inc. 2022 Form 10-K 

Table of Contents 

 Our results of operations could be materially harmed if we are unable to accurately forecast demand for our products. 
 There can be no assurance that we will be able to successfully anticipate changing consumer preferences and product trends or economic conditions, and, as a result, we may not successfully manage inventory levels to meet our future order requirements. We often schedule internal production and place orders for products with independent manufacturers before our customers orders are firm. If we fail to accurately forecast consumer demand, we may experience excess inventory levels or a shortage of product required to meet the demand. Inventory levels in excess of consumer demand may result in inventory write-downs, the sale of excess inventory at discounted prices or excess inventory held by our wholesale customers, which could have a negative impact on future sales, an adverse effect on the image and reputation of our brands and negatively impact profitability. On the other hand, if we underestimate demand for our products, our manufacturing facilities or third-party manufacturers may not be able to produce products to meet consumer requirements, and this could result in delays in the shipment of products and lost revenues, higher costs for our freight or expedited shipments, as well as damage to our reputation and relationships. These risks could have a material adverse effect on our brand image as well as our results of operations and financial condition. 
 The apparel industry is highly competitive, and our success depends on our ability to gauge consumer preferences and product trends, and to respond to constantly changing markets. 
 We compete with numerous apparel brands and manufacturers. Competition is generally based upon brand name recognition, price, design, product quality, selection, service and purchasing convenience. Some of our competitors are larger and have more resources than us in certain product categories and regions. In addition, we compete directly with the private label brands of our wholesale customers. Our ability to compete within the apparel industry depends on our ability to: 
 anticipate and respond to changing consumer preferences and product trends in a timely manner; 
 develop attractive, innovative and high-quality products that meet consumer needs; 
 maintain strong brand recognition; 
 price products appropriately; 
 provide best-in-class marketing support and intelligence; 
 ensure product availability and optimize supply chain efficiencies; 
 adapt to a more digitally driven consumer landscape; 
 produce or procure quality products on a consistent basis; and 
 obtain sufficient retail store space and effectively present our products at retail. 
 Failure to compete effectively or to keep pace with rapidly changing consumer preferences, markets and product trends could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Moreover, there are significant shifts underway in the wholesale and retail (e-commerce and retail store) channels. We may not be able to manage our brands within and across channels sufficiently, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Our profitability may decline as a result of increasing pressure on margins. 
 The apparel industry is subject to significant pricing pressure caused by many factors, including intense competition, consolidation in the retail industry, rising commodity and conversion costs, pressure from retailers to reduce the costs of products, the impact of inflation, rising interest rates and recessionary concerns, changes in consumer demand and shifts to online shopping and purchasing. Customers may increasingly seek markdown allowances, incentives and other forms of economic support. If these factors cause us to reduce our sales prices to retailers and consumers, and we fail to sufficiently reduce our product costs or operating expenses, our profitability will decline. This could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, liquidity and financial condition. 
 Our business and the success of our products could be harmed if we are unable to maintain the images of our brands. 
 Our success to date has been due in large part to the growth of our brands images and our customers connection to our brands. If we are unable to timely and appropriately respond to changing consumer demand, including customers desire for sustainable products, the names and images of our brands may be impaired. Even if we react appropriately to changes in consumer preferences, consumers may consider our brands images to be outdated or associate our brands with styles that are no longer popular. In addition, brand value is based in part on consumer perceptions on a variety of qualities, including merchandise quality and corporate integrity. Negative claims or publicity regarding us, our brands or our products could adversely affect our reputation and sales regardless of whether such claims are accurate. Social media, which accelerates the dissemination of information, can increase the challenges of responding to negative claims. In the past, many apparel companies have experienced periods of rapid growth in sales and earnings followed by periods of declining sales and losses. Our businesses may be similarly affected in the future. In addition, we have sponsorship contracts with a number of athletes, musicians and celebrities and feature those individuals in our advertising and marketing efforts. Actions taken by those individuals associated with our products could harm their reputations, which could adversely affect the images of our brands . 
 12 Kontoor Brands, Inc 2022 Form 10-K 

Table of Contents 

 Our direct-to-consumer business includes risks that could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. 
 We sell merchandise direct-to-consumer through our retail stores and e-commerce sites. Our direct-to-consumer business is subject to numerous risks that could have a material adverse effect on our results. Risks include, but are not limited to, (i) U.S. or international resellers purchasing merchandise and reselling it overseas outside of our control, (ii) failure of the systems that operate the stores and websites, and their related support systems, including computer viruses, theft of customer information, privacy concerns, telecommunication failures and electronic break-ins and similar disruptions, (iii) credit card fraud and (iv) risks related to our direct-to-consumer distribution centers and processes. Risks specific to our e-commerce business also include (i) diversion of sales from our wholesale customers, (ii) difficulty in recreating the in-store experience through direct channels, (iii) liability for online content, (iv) changing patterns of consumer behavior and (v) intense competition from online retailers. Our failure to successfully respond to these risks might adversely affect sales in our e-commerce business, as well as damage our reputation and brands. 
 The retail industry has experienced financial difficulty that could adversely affect our business. 
 Historically, there have been consolidations, reorganizations, restructurings, bankruptcies and ownership changes in the retail industry. These events could have a material adverse effect on our business. These changes could impact our opportunities in the market and increase our reliance on a smaller number of large customers. In the future, retailers are likely to further consolidate, undergo restructurings, reorganizations or bankruptcies, realign their affiliations or reposition their stores target markets. In addition, consumers have continued to transition away from traditional wholesale retailers to large online retailers. These developments could result in a reduction in the number of stores that carry our products, an increase in ownership concentration within the retail industry, an increase in credit exposure to us or an increase in leverage by our customers over their suppliers. 
 Further, the global economy periodically experiences recessionary conditions with reduced availability of credit, increased savings rates, declines in real estate and securities values and rising unemployment. These recessionary conditions could have a negative impact on retail sales of apparel. The lower sales volumes, along with the possibility of restrictions on access to the credit markets, could result in our customers experiencing financial difficulties, including store closures, bankruptcies or liquidations. This could result in higher credit risk to us relating to receivables from our customers who are experiencing these financial difficulties. If these developments occur, our inability to shift sales to other customers or to collect on our trade accounts receivable could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 We may not succeed in our business strategy. 
 One of our key strategic objectives is growth. We seek to grow organically and potentially, in the future, through acquisitions. We seek to grow by expanding our share with winning customers; stretching brands to new regions, channels, and categories; managing costs; leveraging our supply chain across the Company; and expanding our direct-to-consumer business with emphasis on our e-commerce business. However, we may not be able to grow our existing businesses. For example: 
 we may not be able to transform our model to be more consumer- and retail-centric; 
 we may not be able to expand our market share with winning customers, or our wholesale customers may encounter financial difficulties and thus reduce their purchases of our products; 
 we may not be able to expand our brands in Asia or other geographies, transform our business in certain regions or achieve the expected results from our supply chain initiatives; 
 we may not be able to successfully achieve the expected growth or cost savings of our Wrangler and Lee brand platforms; 
 we may have difficulty recruiting, developing or retaining qualified employees; 
 we may not be able to achieve our direct-to-consumer expansion goals and manage our growth effectively; 
 we may not be able to offset rising commodity or conversion costs in our product costs with pricing actions or efficiency improvements; 
 we may have difficulty completing potential acquisitions or dispositions, and we may not be able to successfully integrate a newly acquired business or achieve the expected growth, cost savings or synergies from such integration; and 
 failure to implement our strategic objectives may have a material adverse effect on our business. 

13 Kontoor Brands, Inc. 2022 Form 10-K 

Table of Contents 

 We are subject to the risk that our licensees may not generate expected sales or maintain the value of our brands. 
 Although we generally have significant control over our licensees products and advertising, we rely on our licensees for, among other things, operational and financial controls over their businesses. Failure of our licensees to successfully market licensed products or our inability to replace existing licensees, if necessary, could adversely affect our net revenues, both directly from reduced royalties received and indirectly from reduced sales of our other products. Risks are also associated with a licensee s ability to: 
 obtain capital; 
 manage labor relations; 
 maintain relationships with its suppliers; 
 manage credit risk effectively; 
 maintain relationships with its customers; and 
 adhere to our global compliance principles. 
 In addition, we rely on our licensees to help preserve the value of our brands. Although we attempt to protect our brands through contractual approval rights over design, production processes, quality, packaging, merchandising, distribution, advertising and promotion of our licensed products, we cannot completely control the use of our licensed brands by our licensees. The misuse of a brand by a licensee, including through the marketing of products under one of our brand names that do not meet our quality standards, could have a material adverse effect on that brand and on us. 
 Our revenues and cash requirements are affected by seasonality. 
 Our business is typically affected by seasonal trends, with a higher proportion of net revenues and operating cash flows generated during the second half of the fiscal year, which typically includes the back-to-school and holiday selling seasons. Poor sales in the second half of the fiscal year would have a material adverse effect on our full-year operating results and cause higher inventories. In addition, fluctuations in sales and operating income in any fiscal quarter are affected by the timing of seasonal wholesale shipments and other events affecting retail sales. 
 The loss of members of our executive management and other key employees could have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 We depend on the services and management experience of our executive officers and business leaders who have substantial experience and expertise in our business. The unexpected loss of services of one or more of these individuals could have a material adverse effect on us. Our future success also depends on our ability to recruit, retain and engage our personnel sufficiently. Competition for experienced and well-qualified personnel is intense, and we may not be successful in attracting and retaining such personnel. 
 PRODUCT, MANUFACTURING AND DISTRIBUTION-RELATED RISKS 
 We use third-party suppliers and manufacturing facilities worldwide for a substantial portion of our raw materials and finished products, which poses risks to our business operations. 
 During 2022, approximately 69 of our units were purchased from independent manufacturers primarily located in Asia, with substantially all of the remainder produced by company-owned and -operated manufacturing facilities located in Mexico and Nicaragua. Any of the following could impact our ability to produce or deliver our products or our cost of producing or delivering products and, as a result, our profitability: 
 political or labor instability in countries where our facilities, contractors and suppliers are located; 
 changes in local economic conditions, including as a result of macroeconomic pressures, the COVID-19 pandemic or geopolitical events, in countries where our facilities, contractors and suppliers are located; 
 political or military conflict could cause a delay in the transportation of raw materials and products to us and an increase in transportation costs; 
 disruption at domestic and foreign ports of entry could cause delays in product availability and increase transportation times and costs; 
 heightened terrorism or security concerns could subject imported or exported goods to additional, more frequent or lengthier inspections, leading to delays in deliveries or impoundment of goods for extended periods; 
 decreased scrutiny by customs officials for counterfeit goods, leading to more counterfeit goods and reduced sales of our products, increased costs for our anti-counterfeiting measures and damage to the reputation of our brands; 
 14 Kontoor Brands, Inc 2022 Form 10-K 

Table of Contents 

 disruptions at suppliers and manufacturing or distribution facilities caused by natural and man-made disasters; 
 epidemics, pandemics like COVID-19 or other public health crises have resulted and could in the future result in closed factories, reduced workforces, scarcity of raw materials and scrutiny or embargo of our goods produced in infected areas; 
 imposition of regulations and quotas relating to imports and our ability to adjust timely to changes in trade regulations could limit our ability to produce products in cost-effective countries that have the required labor and expertise; 
 imposition of duties, taxes and other charges on imports; and 
 imposition or the repeal of laws that affect intellectual property rights. 
 Although no single supplier is critical to our overall production needs, if we were to lose a supplier it could result in interruption of finished goods shipments to us, cancellation of orders by customers and termination of relationships. This, along with the damage to our reputation, could have a material adverse effect on our net revenues and, consequently, our results of operations. 
 In addition, although we audit our third-party material suppliers and contracted manufacturing facilities and set strict compliance standards, actions by a third-party supplier or manufacturer that fail to comply could expose us to claims for damages, financial penalties and reputational harm, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business and operations. 
 We rely on a limited number of North American mills for raw material sourcing, and we may not be able to obtain raw materials on a timely basis or in sufficient quantity or quality. 
 We rely on a limited number of North American third-party suppliers for raw materials. Such products may be available, in the short-term, from only one or a very limited number of sources. In 2022, approximately 51 of our raw materials were provided by our top three suppliers in North America. We have no long-term contracts with our suppliers or manufacturing sources, and we compete with other companies for raw materials, production and quota capacity. We may experience a significant disruption in the supply of raw materials from current sources, or in the event of a disruption, we may be unable to locate alternative materials suppliers of comparable quality at an acceptable price or at all. In addition, if we experience significant increased demand, or if we need to replace an existing supplier or manufacturer due to consolidation, closure or otherwise, we may be unable to locate additional supplies of raw materials or additional manufacturing capacity on terms that are acceptable to us, or at all, or we may be unable to locate any supplier or manufacturer with sufficient capacity to meet our requirements or to fill our orders in a timely manner. Identifying a suitable supplier is an involved process that requires us to become satisfied with their quality control, responsiveness and service, financial stability and labor and other ethical practices. Even if we are able to expand existing or find new manufacturing sources, we may encounter delays in production and added costs as a result of the time it takes to train our suppliers and manufacturers in our methods, products and quality control standards. Delays related to supplier changes could also arise due to an increase in shipping times if new suppliers are located farther away from our markets or from other participants in our supply chain. Any delays, interruption or increased costs in the supply of raw materials or manufacture of our products could have a material adverse effect on our ability to meet customer demand for our products and could result in lower net revenue and income from operations both in the short and long term. 
 If we encounter problems with our distribution system, our ability to deliver our products to the market could be adversely affected. 
 We rely on owned or independently-operated distribution facilities to warehouse and ship product to our customers. Our distribution system includes computer-controlled and automated equipment, which may be subject to a number of risks related to security or computer viruses, the proper operation of software and hardware, power interruptions or other system failures. Because substantially all of our products are distributed from a relatively small number of locations, our operations could also be interrupted by public health crises or natural or man-made disasters like earthquakes, floods or fires affecting our distribution centers. We maintain business interruption insurance, but it may not adequately protect us from the adverse effects that could be caused by significant disruptions in our distribution facilities, such as the long-term loss of customers or an erosion of brand image. In addition, our distribution capacity is dependent on the timely performance of services by third parties, including the transportation of product to and from our distribution facilities. Transportation of our products may be interrupted due to events such as marine disasters, bad weather or natural disasters, mechanical or electrical failures, public health crises, grounding, capsizing, fire, explosions and collisions, piracy, cyber-attacks, human error and war and terrorism resulting in delays, damages or losses. If we encounter problems with our distribution system, our ability to meet customer expectations, manage inventory, complete sales and achieve operating efficiencies could be materially adversely affected. 
 We may be adversely affected by unseasonal or severe weather conditions. 
 Our business may be adversely affected by unseasonal or severe weather conditions. Periods of unseasonably warm weather in the fall or winter, or periods of unseasonably cool and wet weather in the spring or summer, can negatively impact retail traffic and consumer spending. In addition, severe weather events such as snowstorms or hurricanes typically lead to temporarily reduced retail traffic. Physical risks from climate change may result in these weather events occurring more often and more acutely. Any of these conditions could result in negative point-of-sale trends for our merchandise and reduced replenishment shipments to our wholesale customers. 
 
 15 Kontoor Brands, Inc. 2022 Form 10-K 

Table of Contents 

 Most of the employees in our production and distribution facilities outside of the U.S. are covered by collective bargaining agreements, and any material job actions could negatively affect our results of operations. 
 Outside of the U.S., most of our production and distribution employees are covered by industry-sponsored and/or government-sponsored collective bargaining mechanisms. Any work stoppages or other job actions by these employees could harm our business and reputation. 
 INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY RISKS 
 We recently implemented an ERP software system, and challenges with ongoing optimization and change management may impact our business and operations. 
 We recently implemented a company-wide ERP software system and the related infrastructure to support future growth and to integrate our processes. The continued optimization and change management related to the ERP software system may prove to be more difficult, costly or time-consuming than expected, and it is possible that the system will not yield the benefits anticipated. Any disruptions, delays or deficiencies related to our new ERP software system could materially impact our operations and adversely affect our ability to process orders, manage our inventory, ship products, provide customer support, fulfill contractual obligations or otherwise operate our business. 
 We rely significantly on information technology. Any inadequacy, interruption, integration failure or security failure of this technology could harm our ability to effectively operate our business or report our financial results accurately or timely. 
 Our ability to effectively manage and operate our business and report our financial results accurately and timely depends significantly on information technology systems. We rely heavily on information technology to track sales and inventory, manage our supply chain and support our accounting and financial reporting processes. We are also dependent on information technology, including the internet, for our direct-to-consumer sales, including our e-commerce operations and retail business credit card transaction authorizations. Despite our preventative efforts, our systems and those of our third-party service providers may be vulnerable to damage, failure or interruption due to viruses, data security incidents, technical malfunctions, natural disasters or other causes, or in connection with upgrades to our systems or the implementation of new systems. The failure of these systems to operate effectively, improper design or configuration, problems with transitioning to upgraded or replacement systems, difficulty in integrating new systems or systems of acquired businesses or a breach in security of these systems could adversely impact the operations of our business, including management of inventory, ordering and replenishment of products, manufacturing and distribution of products, e-commerce operations, retail business credit card transaction authorization and processing, tracking and recording of accounting transactions, corporate email communications and our interaction with the public on social media. 
 We are subject to data security and privacy risks that could negatively affect our business operations, results of operations or reputation. 
 In the normal course of business, we collect, store, use, process, disclose and transmit Process certain sensitive, personal, regulated and/or confidential employee and customer information, including credit card information, over public networks. There is a significant concern by consumers and employees over the security of personal information, including with respect to identity theft and user privacy. Cyber-attacks are increasingly sophisticated, and if unauthorized parties gain access to our networks or databases, or those of our third-party service providers, they may be able to steal, access, publish, use, delete or modify confidential and sensitive information, including credit card information and personal information, that we have obligations to protect. Despite the security measures we currently have in place and our commitment to risk management practices, our facilities and systems and those of our third-party service providers may be vulnerable to, and unable to anticipate, detect or mitigate, data security breaches and other cyber incidents. In addition, employees or third-party service providers may intentionally or inadvertently cause data security breaches, through failing to follow polices or otherwise, that result in the unauthorized access to or release or use of personal, sensitive or confidential information. We take, and require our third-party service providers that Process personal, confidential or sensitive information on our behalf to take, measures designed to protect such information and comply with applicable laws, regulations and industry standards related to information security and privacy. However, we cannot control the efforts of third-party service providers and cannot guarantee the compliance of their systems and processes. We and our customers could suffer harm if valuable business data or employee, customer and proprietary information were corrupted, lost, accessed or misappropriated by third parties due to a security failure in our systems or one of our third-party service providers. It could require significant expenditures to remediate any such failure or breach, severely damage our reputation and our relationships with customers, result in unwanted media attention and lost sales and expose us to risks of litigation and liability. In addition, as a result of recent security breaches at a number of prominent retailers, the media and public scrutiny of information security and privacy has become more intense and the regulatory environment has become increasingly uncertain, rigorous and complex. As a result, we may incur significant costs to comply with current and future state, federal and international laws regarding the protection and unauthorized disclosure of personal and other sensitive information such as the General Data Protection Regulation in the European Union, the United Kingdom General Data Protection Regulation, and state laws in the U.S. related to information security and privacy such as the California Consumer Privacy Act and China's Personal Information Protection Law. As the regulatory environment relating to information security and privacy becomes increasingly more demanding with many new requirements surrounding the processing and protection of personal, confidential and sensitive information, the increased complexity in these types of laws and inherent conflicts between jurisdictions may result in our inability or failure to comply with applicable requirements, despite our focus and efforts. Any failure to comply with 
 16 Kontoor Brands, Inc 2022 Form 10-K 

Table of Contents 

 the laws and regulations surrounding the protection of personal information could subject us to legal and reputational risks, including significant fines for non-compliance, any of which could have a negative impact on revenues and profits. 
 LEGAL, COMPLIANCE, AND SUSTAINABILITY RISKS 
 Climate change, and related legislative and regulatory responses to climate change, may adversely impact our business. 
 There is increasing concern that a gradual rise in global average temperatures due to increased concentration of carbon dioxide and other greenhouse gases in the atmosphere will cause significant changes in weather patterns around the globe, an increase in the frequency, severity and duration of extreme weather conditions and natural disasters, and water scarcity and poor water quality. Physical risks related to these events could adversely impact the cultivation of cotton, which is a key resource in the production of our products, disrupt the operation of our supply chain and the productivity of our contract manufacturers, increase our production costs, impose capacity restraints and impact the types of apparel products that consumers purchase. These events could also compound adverse economic conditions and impact consumer confidence and discretionary spending. As a result, the physical effects of climate change could have a long-term adverse impact on our business and results of operations. 
 In many countries, governmental bodies are enacting new or additional legislation and regulations to reduce or mitigate the potential impacts of climate change. If we, our suppliers or our contract manufacturers are required to comply with these laws and regulations, or if we choose to take voluntary steps to reduce or mitigate our impact on climate change, we may experience transition risks such as increases in energy, production, transportation and raw material costs, capital expenditures or insurance premiums and deductibles, which could adversely impact our operations. Inconsistency of legislation and regulations among jurisdictions may also affect the costs of compliance with such laws and regulations. Any assessment of the potential impact of future climate change legislation, regulations or industry standards, as well as any international treaties and accords, is uncertain given the wide scope of potential regulatory change in the countries in which we operate. 
 There is also increased focus from our stakeholders including our consumers, customers, shareholders, suppliers and the communities where we do business around the world, on environmental, social and governance ("ESG") and related sustainability practices. If our ESG practices do not meet stakeholder expectations, including, but not limited to, setting targets, making commitments and taking actions to meet them, and expanding our disclosures in these areas, our brand and reputation could be damaged. We may not be able to meet targets and commitments as initially planned due to unforeseen circumstances including, but not limited to, increased costs or operational challenges associated with achieving planned results. Changes in ESG regulations may require us to incur additional costs and require additional resources to remain in compliance. 
 Our operations and earnings may be affected by legal, regulatory, political and economic risks. 
 Our ability to maintain the current level of operations in our existing markets and to capitalize on growth in existing and new markets is subject to legal, regulatory, political and economic risks. These include proximity to countries in turmoil, shifts in local societal/cultural climates, change in local perceptions of foreign operators and uncertainty ahead of elections or regime changes, the burdens of complying with U.S. and international laws and regulations, changes in regulatory requirements and the economic uncertainty associated with political developments. In addition, shocks to the economy of a country where we operate and/or critical residual shocks to the apparel/garment sector industry as a whole can have an outsize impact. Changes in regulatory, geopolitical policies or conditions and other factors may adversely affect our business or may require us to modify our current business practices. While enactment of any such change is not certain, if such changes were adopted, our costs could increase, which would reduce our earnings. 
 Changes to trade policy, including tariff and import/export regulations, may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Changes in policies governing foreign trade and manufacturing in the countries where we currently sell our products or conduct our business could adversely affect our business. The U.S. government has instituted or proposed changes in trade policies that include the negotiation or termination of trade agreements, the imposition of higher tariffs on imports into the U.S., economic sanctions on individuals, corporations or countries, and other government regulations affecting trade between the U.S. and other countries where we conduct our business. It may be time-consuming and expensive for us to alter our operations in order to adapt to or comply with any such changes. 
 Tariffs and other changes in U.S. trade policy have in the past and could continue to trigger retaliatory actions by affected countries, and certain foreign governments have instituted or are considering imposing retaliatory measures on certain U.S. goods. We do a significant amount of business that would be impacted by changes to the trade policies of the U.S. and foreign countries (including governmental action related to tariffs, international trade agreements, or economic sanctions). Such changes have the potential to adversely impact the U.S. economy or certain sectors thereof, our industry and the global demand for our products, and as a result, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Failure to comply with anti-bribery, anti-corruption and anti-money laundering laws could subject us to penalties and other adverse consequences. 
 We are subject to the United States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, in addition to the anti-bribery, anti-corruption, and anti-money laundering laws of the foreign jurisdictions in which we operate, such as the U.K. Bribery Act. Although we implement policies and 
 
 17 Kontoor Brands, Inc. 2022 Form 10-K 

Table of Contents 

 procedures designed to promote compliance with these laws and audit our third-party material suppliers and contracted manufacturing facilities, our employees, contractors and agents, as well as those companies to which we outsource certain of our business operations, may take actions in violation of our policies. Any such violation, or allegations of such violation, could result in sanctions or other penalties and have an adverse effect on our business, reputation and operating results. 
 Changes in tax laws could increase our worldwide tax rate and materially affect our financial position and results of operations. 
 As a global business, we are subject to taxation in the U.S. and numerous foreign jurisdictions. Many jurisdictions in which we operate are discussing potential changes to their respective taxation regimes, have issued proposed regulations or are adopting additional regulations. For example, the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development ("OECD"), an international association of 38 countries including the United States, has proposed changes to numerous long-standing tax principles. These proposals, if finalized and adopted by the associated countries, will likely increase tax uncertainty and may adversely affect our provision for income taxes. 
 In addition, the U.S. enacted the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 ("H.R. 5376"), which, among other things, implements a 15 minimum tax on book income of certain large corporations and a 1 excise tax on net stock repurchases. Based on our current analysis, the provisions of H.R. 5376 are not expected to have a material impact on the Company s financial statements. 
 We may have additional tax liabilities. 
 As a global company, we determine our income tax liability in various tax jurisdictions based on an analysis and interpretation of local tax laws and regulations. This analysis requires a significant amount of judgment and estimation and is often based on various assumptions about the future actions of the local tax authorities. These determinations are the subject of periodic U.S. and international tax audits. Although we accrue for uncertain tax positions, our accrual may be insufficient to satisfy unfavorable findings. Unfavorable audit findings and tax rulings may result in payment of taxes, fines and penalties for prior periods and higher tax rates in future periods, which may have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. 
 Our business is subject to national, state and local laws and regulations for environmental, consumer protection, employment, data protection, privacy, safety and other matters. The costs of compliance with, or the violation of, such laws and regulations by us or by independent suppliers who manufacture products for us could have a material adverse effect on our operations and cash flows, as well as on our reputation. 
 Our business is subject to comprehensive national, state and local laws and regulations on a wide range of environmental, consumer protection, employment, data protection, privacy, safety and other matters. We could be adversely affected by costs of compliance with or violations of those laws and regulations. In addition, while we do not control their business practices, we require third-party suppliers to operate in compliance with applicable laws, rules and regulations regarding working conditions, employment practices and environmental compliance. The costs of products purchased by us from independent contractors could increase due to the costs of compliance by those contractors. 
 Failure by us or our third-party suppliers to comply with such laws and regulations, as well as with ethical, social, product, labor and environmental standards, or related political considerations, could result in interruption of finished goods shipments to us, cancellation of orders by customers and termination of relationships. If one of our independent contractors violates labor or other laws, implements labor or other business practices or takes other actions that are generally regarded as unethical, it could jeopardize our reputation and potentially lead to various adverse consumer actions, including boycotts that may reduce demand for our merchandise. Damage to our reputation or loss of consumer confidence for any of these or other reasons could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows, as well as require additional resources to rebuild our reputation. 
 We may be unable to protect, enforce or defend our trademarks and other intellectual property rights. 
 Our trademarks, trade names, patents and other intellectual property rights are important to our success and our competitive position. We are susceptible to others copying our products and infringing, misappropriating or otherwise violating our intellectual property rights, especially with the shift in product mix to higher-priced brands and innovative new products in recent years. 
 Actions we have taken to establish and protect our intellectual property rights may not be adequate to prevent copying of our products by others, or to prevent others from seeking to invalidate our trademarks or block sales of our products as a violation of the trademarks and intellectual property rights of others. In addition, unilateral actions in the U.S. or other countries, including changes to or the repeal of laws recognizing trademark or other intellectual property rights, could have an impact on our ability to enforce those rights. 
 Some of our brands, such as Wrangler and Lee , enjoy significant worldwide consumer recognition. The higher pricing of those products creates additional risk of counterfeiting and infringement, misappropriation or other violation by third parties. The counterfeiting of our products or the infringement, misappropriation or other violation of our intellectual property rights by third parties could diminish the value of our brands and adversely affect our net revenues. 
 18 Kontoor Brands, Inc 2022 Form 10-K 

Table of Contents 

 The value of our intellectual property could diminish if others assert rights in or ownership of our trademarks and other intellectual property rights, or trademarks that are similar to our trademarks. We may be unable to successfully resolve these types of conflicts to our satisfaction. In some cases, there may be trademark owners who have prior rights to our trademarks because the laws of certain foreign countries may not protect intellectual property rights to the same extent as do the laws of the U.S. In other cases, there may be holders who have prior rights to similar trademarks. 
 There have been, and there may in the future be, opposition and cancellation proceedings from time to time with respect to some of our intellectual property rights. In some cases, litigation may be necessary to protect or enforce our trademarks and other intellectual property rights. Furthermore, third parties may assert intellectual property claims against us, and we may be subject to liability, required to enter into costly license agreements, if available at all, required to rebrand our products and/or prevented from selling some of our products if third parties successfully oppose or challenge our trademarks or successfully claim that we infringe, misappropriate or otherwise violate their trademarks, copyrights, patents or other intellectual property rights. Bringing or defending any such claim, regardless of merit, and whether successful or unsuccessful, could be expensive and time-consuming and have a negative effect on our business, reputation, results of operations and financial condition. 
 FINANCIAL RISKS 
 Fluctuations in wage rates and the price, availability and quality of raw materials, including commodity costs and finished goods, could increase costs. 
 Fluctuations in the price, availability and quality of fabrics such as denim, including cottons, blends, synthetics and wools, or other raw materials used by us in our manufactured products, or of purchased finished goods, could have a material adverse effect on our cost of goods sold or our ability to meet our customers demands. The prices we pay depend on demand and market prices for the raw materials used to produce them. The price and availability of such raw materials may fluctuate significantly, depending on many factors, including general economic conditions and demand, the continuing effects of the COVID-19 pandemic related supply chain disruptions, crop yields, energy prices, weather patterns, freight rates and speculation in the commodities markets. Prices of purchased finished products also depend on wage rates in Asia and other geographic areas where our independent contractors are located, as well as freight costs from those regions. Inflation can also have a long-term impact on us because increasing costs of materials and labor may impact our ability to maintain satisfactory margins. For example, the cost of the materials that are used in our manufacturing process, such as oil-related commodity prices and other raw materials, such as cotton, dyes and chemicals, and other costs, such as fuel, energy and utility costs, can fluctuate as a result of inflation and other factors. Similarly, a significant portion of our products are manufactured in other countries, and declines in the value of the U.S. dollar may result in higher manufacturing costs. In addition, fluctuations in wage rates required by legal or industry standards could increase our costs. In the future, we may not be able to offset cost increases with other cost reductions or efficiencies or pass higher costs on to our customers. This could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, liquidity and financial condition. 
 Our business is exposed to the risks of foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations. Our hedging strategies may not be effective in mitigating those risks. 
 Approximately 21 of our total net revenues in 2022 are derived from markets outside the U.S. Most of our international businesses operate in functional currencies other than the U.S. dollar. Changes in currency exchange rates affect the U.S. dollar value of the foreign currency-denominated amounts at which our international businesses purchase products, incur costs or sell products. In addition, for our U.S.-based businesses, the majority of products are sourced from independent contractors or our manufacturing facilities located in foreign countries. As a result, the costs of these products are affected by changes in the value of the relevant currencies. Furthermore, much of our licensing net revenue is derived from sales in foreign currencies. Changes in foreign currency exchange rates could have an adverse impact on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 In accordance with our operating practices, we hedge a significant portion of our foreign currency transaction exposures arising in the ordinary course of business to reduce risks in our cash flows and earnings. Our hedging strategy may not be effective in reducing all risks, and no hedging strategy can completely insulate us from foreign exchange risk. 
 Further, our use of derivative financial instruments may expose us to counterparty risks. Although we only enter into hedging contracts with counterparties having investment grade credit ratings, it is possible that the credit quality of a counterparty could be downgraded or a counterparty could default on its obligations, which could have a material adverse impact on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 Our balance sheet includes goodwill and intangible assets. A decline in the fair value of a business unit or of an intangible asset could result in an asset impairment charge, which would be recorded as an operating expense in our statement of operations. 
 Our policy is to evaluate goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets for possible impairment as of the beginning of the fourth quarter of each year, or whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the fair value of such assets may be below their carrying amount. In addition, intangible assets that are being amortized are tested for impairment whenever events or circumstances indicate that their carrying value may not be recoverable. For these impairment tests, we use various valuation methods to estimate the fair value of our business units and intangible assets. If the fair value of an asset is less than its carrying value, we would recognize an impairment charge for the difference. 
 
 19 Kontoor Brands, Inc. 2022 Form 10-K 

Table of Contents 

 It is possible that we could have an impairment charge for goodwill or trademark and trade name intangible assets in future periods if (i) macroeconomic conditions, COVID-19 impacts and/or geopolitical events in future years worsen from our current assumptions, (ii) business conditions or our strategies for a specific business unit or brand change from our current assumptions, (iii) investors require higher rates of return on equity investments in the marketplace or (iv) enterprise values of comparable publicly traded companies, or of actual sales transactions of comparable companies, were to decline, resulting in lower comparable multiples of net revenues and earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization and, accordingly, lower implied values of goodwill and intangible assets. Although a charge would be non-cash, a future impairment charge for goodwill or intangible assets could have a material effect on our consolidated financial position or results of operations. 
 Our ability to obtain short-term or long-term financing on favorable terms, if needed, could be adversely affected by geopolitical events and volatility in the capital markets. 
 Any disruption in the capital markets, including as a result of rising interest rates and other macroeconomic pressures, geopolitical events like the Russia-Ukraine conflict or the COVID-19 pandemic, could limit the availability of funds or the ability or willingness of financial institutions or investors to extend capital in the future. This could adversely affect our liquidity and funding resources and/or significantly increase our cost of capital. An inability to access capital and credit markets may have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 
 Our failure to maintain satisfactory credit ratings could adversely affect our liquidity, capital position, borrowing costs and access to capital markets. 
 Any downgrades in our credit ratings by the major independent rating agencies could increase the cost of borrowing under any indebtedness we may incur. There can be no assurance that we will be able to maintain our credit ratings, and any additional actual or anticipated changes or downgrades in our credit ratings, including any announcement that our ratings are under review for a downgrade, may have a negative impact on our liquidity, capital position and access to capital markets. 
 We have debt obligations, including our senior notes, that could restrict our business and adversely impact our results of operations, financial condition or cash flows. 
 On November 18, 2021, we entered into an indenture (the Indenture pursuant to which we issued and sold 400.0 million aggregate principal amount of unsecured senior notes bearing interest at a rate of 4.125 per annum (the Notes and concurrently entered into an amended and restated credit agreement (the Amended Credit Agreement ), which provides for (i) a five-year 400.0 million term loan A facility (the Amended Term Loan A and (ii) a five-year 500.0 million revolving credit facility (the Amended Revolving Credit Facility (collectively, the Amended Credit Facilities ), with the lenders and agents party thereto. The Indenture and the Amended Credit Agreement contain a number of restrictive covenants customary for these types of financings that impose restrictions on us and may limit our ability to operate our business and may limit our ability to react to market conditions or take advantage of potential business opportunities that may arise, including restrictions on our ability to: 
 incur additional indebtedness and guarantee indebtedness; 
 pay dividends or make other distributions or repurchase or redeem capital stock; 
 prepay, redeem or repurchase certain debt; 
 issue certain preferred stock or similar equity securities; 
 make loans and investments; 
 sell assets; 
 incur liens on assets; 
 enter into transactions with affiliates; 
 alter the businesses we conduct; 
 enter into agreements restricting our subsidiaries ability to pay dividends; and 
 consolidate, merge or sell all or substantially all of our assets. 
 If the Company fails to comply with any covenants or restrictions under the Indenture or the Amended Credit Agreement, it could result in an event of default under the applicable indebtedness, which may allow the creditors to accelerate the related debt, and may result in the acceleration of any other debt to which a cross-acceleration or cross-default provision applies. In the event our lenders or noteholders accelerate the repayment of our borrowings, this could restrict our future business strategies and could adversely impact our future results of operations, financial condition or cash flows and we and our subsidiaries may not have sufficient assets to repay that indebtedness. 
 20 Kontoor Brands, Inc 2022 Form 10-K 

Table of Contents 

 Any of the above-listed factors could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. We may also incur substantial additional indebtedness in the future. 
 RISKS RELATING TO OUR COMMON STOCK 
 The price of our common stock has fluctuated significantly and may continue to fluctuate significantly. 
 The market price of our common stock has fluctuated significantly, and may continue to fluctuate significantly, due to a number of factors, many of which are beyond our control, including: 
 Fluctuations in our quarterly or annual earnings results or those of other companies in our industry; 
 Failures of our operating results to meet the estimates of securities analysts or the expectations of our shareholders, or changes by securities analysts in their estimates of our future earnings; 
 Significant changes announced by our customers, suppliers or competitors; 
 Changes in market valuations or earnings of other companies in our industry; 
 Changes in laws or regulations which adversely affect our industry or us; 
 General economic, industry and stock market conditions, including inflation, rising interest rates and recessionary concerns; 
 Future significant sales of our common stock by our shareholders or the perception in the market of such sales; 
 Future issuances of our common stock by us; and 
 The other factors described in these Risk Factors and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 These and other factors may cause the market price and demand for our common stock to fluctuate substantially, which may limit or prevent investors from readily selling their shares of common stock and may otherwise negatively affect the liquidity of our common stock. In addition, in the past, when the market price of a stock has been volatile, holders of that stock have instituted securities class action litigation against the company that issued the stock. If any of our shareholders brought a lawsuit against us, we could incur substantial costs defending the lawsuit. Such a lawsuit could also divert the time and attention of our management from our business. 
 The trading market for our common stock may also be influenced by the research and reports that industry or securities analysts publish about us or our business. If one or more of these analysts cease coverage of our company or fail to publish reports on us regularly, we could lose visibility in the financial markets, which in turn could cause our stock price or trading volume to decline. Moreover, if one or more of the analysts who cover us downgrade our stock, or if our results of operations do not meet their expectations, our stock price could decline. 
 Provisions in our articles of incorporation and bylaws and certain provisions of North Carolina law could delay or prevent a change in control of Kontoor. 
 The existence of certain provisions of our articles of incorporation and bylaws and North Carolina law could discourage, delay or prevent a change in control of Kontoor that a shareholder may consider favorable. These include provisions: 
 Providing that the removal of our directors with or without cause must be approved by the holders of at least 80 of the voting power; 
 Providing the right to our Board of Directors to issue one or more classes or series of preferred stock without shareholder approval; 
 Authorizing a large number of shares of stock that are not yet issued, which would allow our Board of Directors to issue shares to persons friendly to current management, thereby protecting the continuity of our management, or which could be used to dilute the stock ownership of persons seeking to obtain control of us; 
 Prohibiting shareholders from calling special meetings of shareholders and requiring unanimous shareholder action by written consent; 
 Establishing advance notice and other requirements for nominations of candidates for election to our Board of Directors or for proposing matters that can be acted on by shareholders at our annual shareholder meetings; and 
 Requiring the affirmative vote of the holders of at least 80 of the voting power to approve certain business combinations. 

21 Kontoor Brands, Inc. 2022 Form 10-K 

Table of Contents 

 We believe these provisions will protect our shareholders from coercive or otherwise unfair takeover tactics by requiring potential acquirers to negotiate with our Board of Directors and by providing our Board of Directors with more time to assess any acquisition proposal. These provisions are not intended to make us immune from takeovers. However, these provisions apply even if a takeover offer may be considered beneficial by some shareholders and could delay or prevent an acquisition that our Board of Directors determines is not in our and our shareholders best interests. 
 Our articles of incorporation designate North Carolina as the exclusive forum for certain litigation that may be initiated by our shareholders, which could limit our shareholders ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us and limit the market price of our common stock. 
 Pursuant to our articles of incorporation, to the fullest extent permitted by law, and unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the North Carolina Business Court (or another state or federal court located in North Carolina, if a dispute does not qualify for designation to the North Carolina Business Court or the North Carolina Business Court otherwise lacks jurisdiction) shall be the sole and exclusive forum for (i) any derivative action or proceeding brought on our behalf; (ii) any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any of our directors or officers or other employees to us or our shareholders; (iii) any action asserting a claim against us or any director or officer or other employee of ours arising pursuant to any provision of North Carolina law or our articles of incorporation or our bylaws; or (iv) any action asserting a claim against us or any director or officer or other employee of ours relating to the internal affairs doctrine. Our articles of incorporation further provide that if an action described in the preceding sentence is filed in a court other than as specified above in the name of any shareholder, such shareholder is deemed to have consented to (i) personal jurisdiction before any state or federal court located in North Carolina, as appropriate, in connection with any action brought in any such court to enforce our articles of incorporation and (ii) having service of process made upon such shareholder in any such action by service upon such shareholder s counsel in the action as agent for such shareholder. The forum selection clause in our articles of incorporation may limit our shareholders ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us and limit the market price of our common stock. 
 We cannot assure shareholders that our Board of Directors will declare dividends or that we will repurchase shares in the foreseeable future. 
 While we currently return capital to shareholders through quarterly cash dividends, our Board of Directors may not declare dividends in the future or may decrease the amount of a dividend as compared to a prior period. In addition, our Board of Directors has implemented a share repurchase program. However, the declaration and amount of any future dividends and the limits of our share repurchase program will be determined and subject to authorization by our Board of Directors and the execution of share repurchases will be determined by management, and will be dependent upon multiple factors including our financial condition, earnings, cash flows, capital requirements, our ability to obtain debt and equity financing on acceptable terms as contemplated by our growth strategy and the terms of our outstanding indebtedness, legal requirements, regulatory constraints, industry practice and any other factors or considerations that our Board of Directors and management, as applicable, deems relevant. We may incur expenses or liabilities or be subject to other circumstances in the future that reduce or eliminate the amount of cash that we have available for distribution as dividends or to repurchase shares, including as a result of the risks described herein. Any failure to pay dividends or repurchase shares, or pay dividends or conduct share repurchases at expected levels, may negatively impact our reputation, investor confidence in us and negatively impact the price of our Common Stock. 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS. 
 None. 
 22 Kontoor Brands, Inc 2022 Form 10-K 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 2. PROPERTIES. 
 We conduct manufacturing, distribution and administrative activities in owned and leased facilities. We operate ten manufacturing-related facilities and six distribution centers around the world. To manage distribution in our APAC and EMEA regions, we partner with third-party logistics providers primarily in Shanghai, China and Prague, Czech Republic. Our global headquarters are located in Greensboro, North Carolina, and house our various sales, marketing and corporate business functions. 
 The following table presents our principal properties as of December 31, 2022: 
 Location Approximate Square Feet Use Owned or Leased Greensboro, North Carolina 140,000 Global Headquarters Owned Greensboro, North Carolina 47,000 Office Leased Antwerp, Belgium 12,000 Office Leased Geneva, Switzerland 4,400 Office Leased Shanghai, China 16,000 Office Leased Mexico City, Mexico 13,000 Office Leased Dhaka, Bangladesh 10,500 Office and Technical Service Center Leased Hong Kong, China 44,000 Office and Sourcing Hub Leased Panama City, Panama 5,000 Sourcing Hub Leased Foshan, China 48,000 Technical Service Center Leased Greensboro, North Carolina 173,000 Technical Service and Innovation Center Owned Mocksville, North Carolina 503,000 Distribution Center Owned Hackleburg, Alabama 443,000 Distribution Center Owned Seminole, Oklahoma 394,000 Distribution Center Owned El Paso, Texas 385,000 Distribution Center Leased Luray, Virginia 435,000 Distribution Center Owned Mexico City, Mexico 162,000 Distribution Center Leased Acanceh, Mexico 306,000 Manufacturing Facility Owned Torreon, Mexico 304,000 Manufacturing Facility Owned Izamal, Mexico 93,000 Manufacturing Facility Owned Tekax, Mexico 92,000 Manufacturing Facility Owned La Rosita, Mexico 90,000 Manufacturing Facility Owned San Pedro, Mexico 88,000 Manufacturing Facility Owned San Antonio del Coyote, Mexico 88,000 Manufacturing Facility Owned Managua, Nicaragua 126,000 Manufacturing Facility Leased San Marcos, Nicaragua 115,000 Manufacturing Facility Leased Masatepe City, Nicaragua 108,000 Manufacturing Facility Leased 
 As of December 31, 2022, we operated 77 retail stores across the Americas, EMEA and APAC regions. Retail stores are typically leased under operating leases and include renewal options. 
 We believe that all of our facilities, whether owned or leased, are well maintained and in good operating condition and expect they will accommodate our ongoing and foreseeable business needs. 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS. 
 There are no pending material legal proceedings, other than ordinary, routine litigation and claims incidental to the business, to which Kontoor or any of its subsidiaries is a party or to which any of their property is the subject. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES. 
 Not applicable. 
 
 23 Kontoor Brands, Inc. 2022 Form 10-K 

Table of Contents 

 PART II 
 
 ITEM 5. MARKET FOR KONTOOR S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES. 
 
 Market for Common Stock 
 Kontoor s Common Stock is listed on the NYSE under the symbol KTB . Kontoor began to trade as a standalone public company on May 23, 2019. As of February 24, 2023, there were 2,548 holders of record of our Common Stock. 
 Stock Performance Graph 
 The following graph compares the cumulative total shareholder return of Kontoor's Common Stock with that of the S P 500 Index and the S P 1500 Apparel Retail Index for the period from May 7, 2019 (the effective date of the registration of KTB Common Stock) to December 31, 2022. The graph assumes that 100.00 was invested on May 9, 2019 (first day of trading activity) in KTB stock or April 30, 2019 in index, and all dividends and other distributions were reinvested. Past performance is not necessarily indicative of future performance. 
 
 Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 Fourth quarter fiscal 2022 Total number of shares purchased (1) 
 Weighted average price paid per share Total number of shares purchased as part of publicly announced program (2) 
 Dollar value of shares that may yet be purchased under the program October 2 - October 29 62,044,756 October 30 - November 26 62,044,756 November 27 - December 31 62,044,756 Total 
 (1) The total number of shares repurchased excludes shares withheld upon the vesting of share-based awards. 
 (2) On August 5, 2021, the Company announced that its Board of Directors approved a share repurchase program (the "Repurchase Program"). The Repurchase Program authorizes the repurchase of up to 200.0 million of the Company's outstanding Common Stock through open market or privately negotiated transactions. The program does not have an expiration date but may be suspended, modified or terminated at any time without prior notice. 

ITEM 6. RESERVED. 
 Not applicable. 
 24 Kontoor Brands, Inc 2022 Form 10-K 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS. 
 
 Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations is intended to provide a reader of our financial statements with a narrative from the perspective of our management on our financial condition, results of operations, liquidity and certain other factors that may affect our future results. This section should be read in conjunction with the Consolidated Financial Statements and related Notes included in Part IV of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Refer to Item 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, in our Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended January 1 , 202 2 , for discussion of the results of operations for the year ended January 1 , 202 2 , compared to the year ended January 2, 2021 . 
 The following discussion and analysis includes forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause or contribute to these differences include, but are not limited to, those discussed in Special Note On Forward-Looking Statements included in Part I of this Annual Report on Form 10-K and in Part I, Item 1A "Risk Factors" in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Description of Business 
 Kontoor Brands, Inc. ("Kontoor," the "Company," "we," "us" or "our") is a global lifestyle apparel company headquartered in the United States ("U.S."). The Company designs, produces, procures, markets, distributes and licenses apparel, footwear and accessories, primarily under the brand names Wrangler and Lee . The Company's products are sold in the U.S. through mass merchants, specialty stores, mid-tier and traditional department stores, company-operated stores and online. The Company s products are also sold internationally, primarily in the Europe, Middle East and Africa ("EMEA") and Asia-Pacific APAC regions, through department, specialty, company-operated, concession retail and independently-operated partnership stores and online. 
 Fiscal Year and Basis of Presentation 
 The Company operates and reports using a 52/53 week fiscal year ending on the Saturday closest to December 31 of each year. For presentation purposes herein, all references to periods ended December 2022, December 2021 and December 2020 correspond to the 52-week fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and January 1, 2022 and the 53-week fiscal year ended January 2, 2021, respectively. 
 References to fiscal 2022 and 2021 foreign currency amounts herein reflect the impact of changes in foreign exchange rates from fiscal 2021 and 2020, respectively, and the corresponding impact on translating foreign currencies into U.S. dollars and on foreign currency-denominated transactions. The Company's most significant foreign currency translation exposure is typically driven by business conducted in euro-based countries, the Chinese yuan and the Mexican peso. However, the Company conducts business in other developed and emerging markets around the world with exposure to other foreign currencies. 
 Amounts herein may not recalculate due to the use of unrounded numbers. 
 Macroeconomic Environment and Other Recent Developments 
 Macroeconomic conditions, including inflation, rising interest rates, recessionary concerns, distress in global credit markets and foreign currency exchange rates, as well as ongoing supply chain disruptions, labor challenges and the COVID-19 pandemic, continue to adversely impact global economic conditions, as well as the Company's operations. We do not have significant operations in Russia or Ukraine, and exited our distribution arrangement in Russia in 2022. However, the conflict between Russia and Ukraine continues to cause disruption in the surrounding areas and greater uncertainty in the global economy. 
 Inflationary pressures increased key input costs and softened consumer demand beginning late in the second quarter of 2022 and continued through the second half of 2022. The rise in interest rates during the second half of 2022 also contributed to reduced consumer discretionary spending, resulting in retailer actions to reduce their inventory levels which negatively impacted our sales, primarily during the third quarter of 2022. 
 We continued to experience delays in product and raw material availability into the first half of 2022 due largely to global supply chain disruptions, driven in part by port congestion and transportation delays, and incurred transitory costs, including air freight to expedite shipments to meet customer demand. Many global supply chain disruptions became less prevalent during the second half compared to the first half of 2022. Accordingly, we were able to reduce our use of air freight, but experienced increases in other input costs, including ocean freight. 
 We experienced store closures, disruptions in distribution and restrictions on consumer mobility in certain regions of China during 2022 due to COVID-19 and related restrictions, which had a significant impact on sales and operations in APAC. We took actions to manage these impacts including the expansion of our credit lines in the region during the second quarter of 2022 to ensure sufficient liquidity. 
 All of the above factors contributed to increased inventory levels, primarily in core product. This increase was most significant in the third quarter of 2022. To manage inventory, we adjusted receipts on sourced goods and took downtime in our internal manufacturing 
 
 25 Kontoor Brands, Inc. 2022 Form 10-K 

Table of Contents 

 facilities in the fourth quarter of 2022. These conditions drove higher provisions for inventory losses in 2022 compared to the prior year. We continue to work with our customers and vendors to meet ongoing demand and minimize supply chain impacts. 
 While we anticipate continued macroeconomic uncertainty during 2023, we believe that we are appropriately positioned to successfully manage through known operational challenges. We continue to closely monitor macroeconomic conditions, including consumer behavior and the impact of these factors on consumer demand and our business. 
 Business Overview 
 We have undergone transformational change to improve operational performance, address internal and external factors and set the stage for long-term profitable growth. We have launched significant initiatives to refine a global go-to-market approach. We continue to execute on our Horizon 2 multi-year strategic vision, "Catalyzing Growth" which outlines four growth catalysts: (i) expansion of our core U.S. Wholesale business, (ii) category extensions such as outdoor, workwear and t-shirts, (iii) geographic expansion of our Wrangler and Lee brands, most notably in China, and (iv) channel expansion focused on the digital platforms in our U.S. Wholesale and Direct-to-Consumer channels. We are focused on driving brand growth and delivering long-term value to our stakeholders including our consumers, customers, shareholders, suppliers and communities around the world. 
 To support our growth initiatives, we took actions to globalize our operating model and relocate our European headquarters to Geneva, Switzerland ("EMEA restructuring"), and incurred 13.7 million of severance and employee-related benefits, 2.6 million of the associated pension curtailment gain and 1.5 million of other costs associated with these actions. Refer to Note 21 to the Company's financial statements for additional information related to restructuring charges. We also made significant investments to support the design and implementation of our global enterprise resource planning ("ERP") system and information technology infrastructure build-out ("ERP implementation"), which was completed in 2021. In 2022, we continued to invest in areas such as digital and information technology that leverage our global ERP platform. Certain prior year comparisons are affected by ERP implementation costs incurred in 2021. 
 In addition to continued organic investments in our brands and capabilities, the options in our capital allocation strategy are to (i) pay down debt, (ii) provide for a superior dividend payout, (iii) effectively manage our share repurchase authorization and (iv) act on strategic investment opportunities that may arise. 
 HIGHLIGHTS OF THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 2022 
 
 Net revenues increased 6 to 2.6 billion compared to the year ended December 2021, driven by growth in the U.S. Wholesale and Direct-to-Consumer channels, partially offset by a 2 unfavorable impact from foreign currency and a decline in the Non-U.S. Wholesale channel as discussed below. 
 U.S. Wholesale revenues increased 11 compared to the year ended December 2021, due to strength across the channel, including growth in new business and U.S. digital wholesale. U.S. Wholesale revenues represented 72 of total revenues in the current year. 
 Non-U.S. Wholesale revenues decreased 8 compared to the year ended December 2021, driven by a 7 unfavorable impact from foreign currency and a decline in our APAC business due to COVID-19 restrictions in China. Non-U.S. wholesale revenues represented 17 of total revenues in the current year. 
 Direct-to-Consumer revenues increased 1 on a global basis compared to the year ended December 2021, primarily due to growth in our owned e-commerce sites, partially offset by a decline in retail store sales and a 3 unfavorable impact from foreign currency. Direct-to-Consumer revenues represented 11 of total revenues in the current year. 
 Gross margin decreased 160 basis points to 43.1 compared to the year ended December 2021, primarily driven by increased product and ocean freight costs due to inflationary pressures, as well as higher provisions for inventory losses. These decreases were partially offset by benefits from strategic pricing. 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses as a percentage of revenues decreased to 29.6 compared to 33.3 for the year ended December 2021, primarily due to a 300 basis point decrease in costs related to the Company's ERP implementation, lower compensation-related expense and lower retail store expenses. These decreases were partially offset by ongoing investments in information technology, costs related to the EMEA restructuring, and increases in distribution expense in the current period. 
 Net income increased 26 to 245.5 million compared to the year ended December 2021, primarily due to the business results discussed above. 
 
 26 Kontoor Brands, Inc 2022 Form 10-K 

Table of Contents 

 ANALYSIS OF RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 
 The following table presents a summary of the changes in net revenues for the years ended December 2022 and December 2021: 
 (In millions) 2022 Compared to 2021 
 Net revenues prior year 2,475.9 Operations 197.6 Impact of foreign currency (42.1) Net revenues current year 2,631.4 
 2022 Compared to 2021 
 Net revenues increased 6 , attributable to growth in the U.S. driven by new business, digital wholesale and our owned e-commerce sites. These increases were partially offset by a decline in our APAC business due to COVID-19 restrictions in China and a 2 unfavorable impact from foreign currency. 
 Additional details on 2022 and 2021 revenues are provided in the section titled Information by Business Segment. 
 The following table presents components of the Company's statements of operations as a percent of net revenues: 
 (Dollars in thousands) 2022 2021 Net revenues 2,631,444 2,475,916 Gross margin (net revenues less cost of goods sold) 1,134,368 1,107,726 As a percentage of net revenues 43.1 44.7 Selling, general and administrative expenses 777,703 824,747 As a percentage of net revenues 29.6 33.3 Operating income 356,665 282,979 As a percentage of net revenues 13.6 11.4 
 2022 Compared to 2021 
 Gross margin decreased 160 basis points primarily driven by increased product and ocean freight costs due to inflationary pressures, as well as higher provisions for inventory losses. These decreases were partially offset by benefits from strategic pricing. 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses as a percentage of net revenues decreased to 29.6 compared to 33.3 for the year ended December 2021, primarily due to a 300 basis point decrease in costs related to the Company's ERP implementation, lower compensation-related expense and lower retail store expenses. These decreases were partially offset by ongoing investments in information technology, costs related to the EMEA restructuring, and increases in distribution expense in the current period. 
 The effective income tax rate for the year ended December 2022 was 23.1 compared to 20.1 for the year ended December 2021. The 2022 effective income tax rate included a net discrete tax expense primarily related to changes in deferred tax valuation allowances. The net discrete tax expense for the year ended December 2022 increased the effective income tax rate by 3.4 . The year ended December 2021 included a net discrete tax benefit primarily related to benefits from stock-based compensation, partially offset by changes in deferred tax valuation allowances. The net discrete tax benefit for the year ended December 2021 decreased the effective income tax rate by 0.1 . 
 The effective tax rate without discrete items for the year ended December 2022 was 19.7 compared to 20.2 for the year ended December 2021. The decrease was primarily due to changes in our jurisdictional mix of earnings. Our effective income tax rate for foreign operations was 8.3 and 10.4 for the years ended December 2022 and December 2021, respectively. 
 
 27 Kontoor Brands, Inc. 2022 Form 10-K 

Table of Contents 

 Information by Business Segment 
 
 Management at each of the segments has direct control over and responsibility for corresponding net revenues and operating income, hereinafter termed "segment revenues" and "segment profit," respectively. The chief operating decision maker allocates resources and assesses performance based on the global brand operating results of Wrangler and Lee , which are the Company's segments. Common costs for certain centralized functions are allocated to the segments as discussed in Note 3 to the Company's financial statements. 
 The following tables present a summary of the changes in segment revenues and segment profit for the years ended December 2022 and December 2021: 
 Segment Revenues 
 (In millions) Wrangler Lee Total Segment revenues 2021 1,575.2 887.1 2,462.3 Operations 188.8 11.2 200.0 Impact of foreign currency (18.2) (23.9) (42.1) Segment revenues 2022 1,745.8 874.4 2,620.2 
 Segment Profit 
 (In millions) Wrangler Lee Total Segment profit 2021 294.2 128.3 422.5 Operations 28.6 (3.7) 24.9 Impact of foreign currency (1.6) (3.5) (5.2) Segment profit 2022 321.2 121.1 442.2 
 
 28 Kontoor Brands, Inc 2022 Form 10-K 

Table of Contents 

 The following sections discuss the changes in segment revenues and segment profit. 
 Wrangler 
 Year Ended December (Dollars in millions) 2022 2021 Percent Change Segment revenues 1,745.8 1,575.2 10.8 Segment profit 321.2 294.2 9.2 Operating margin 18.4 18.7 
 2022 Compared to 2021 
 Global revenues for the Wrangler brand increased 11 , driven by growth in the U.S. Wholesale and Direct-to-Consumer channels, partially offset by a decline in the Non-U.S. Wholesale channel. 
 Revenues in the Americas region increased 13 , primarily due to a 12 increase in the U.S. Wholesale channel, as well as growth in our owned e-commerce sites. Increases in the U.S. Wholesale channel were driven by strength in our Western, Traditional and Workwear businesses and growth in the U.S. digital wholesale business. Non-U.S. Americas wholesale revenues increased 18 , primarily due to new business growth in Mexico and the less significant impact of COVID-19 compared with the prior year, partially offset by a 3 unfavorable impact from foreign currency. 
 Revenues in the APAC region decreased 31 , driven by a decrease in our India business, where we have transitioned to a licensed model, and a 4 unfavorable impact from foreign currency. 
 Revenues in the EMEA region decreased 6 , primarily driven by a 12 unfavorable impact from foreign currency, partially offset by an increase in retail store sales. 
 Operating margin decreased to 18.4 compared to 18.7 for 2021, primarily driven by increased product and ocean freight costs due to inflationary pressures and higher distribution costs. These decreases were partially offset by benefits from strategic pricing, lower compensation-related expense and restructuring and separation costs. During 2021, operating margin was negatively impacted by 30 basis points due to restructuring and separation costs, and there were no restructuring costs that impacted operating margin during 2022. 

29 Kontoor Brands, Inc. 2022 Form 10-K 

Table of Contents 

 Lee 
 Year Ended December (Dollars in millions) 2022 2021 Percent Change Segment revenues 874.4 887.1 (1.4) Segment profit 121.1 128.3 (5.6) Operating margin 13.8 14.5 
 2022 Compared to 2021 
 Global revenues for the Lee brand decreased 1 , with growth in the U.S. Wholesale channel more than offset by declines in the Non-U.S. Wholesale and Direct-to-Consumer channels and a 3 unfavorable impact from foreign currency. 
 Revenues in the Americas region increased 8 , primarily due to a 10 increase in the U.S. wholesale channel, as well as growth in our owned e-commerce sites, partially offset by a decrease in retail store sales. Increases in U.S. Wholesale were driven by strength across the channel, including our U.S. digital wholesale business. Non-U.S. Americas wholesale revenues increased 18 , primarily due to higher sales in Mexico and the less significant impact of COVID-19 compared with the prior year period. 
 Revenues in the APAC region decreased 24 , primarily due to declines in wholesale revenues and decreased retail store sales in China due to COVID-19 restrictions, and a 3 unfavorable impact from foreign currency. 
 Revenues in the EMEA region decreased 5 , primarily due to a 12 unfavorable impact from foreign currency, partially offset by an increase in retail store sales. 
 Operating margin decreased to 13.8 compared to 14.5 for 2021, primarily driven by increased product and ocean freight costs due to inflationary pressures and higher distribution costs. These decreases in operating margin were partially offset by benefits from strategic pricing and lower compensation-related expense, retail store expenses and restructuring and separation costs. During 2021, operating margin was negatively impacted by 30 basis points due to restructuring and separation costs, and there were no restructuring costs that impacted operating margin during 2022. 
 Other 
 In addition, we report an "Other" category in order to reconcile segment revenues and segment profit to the Company's operating results, but the Other category does not meet the criteria to be considered a reportable segment. Other primarily includes sales and licensing of Rock Republic , other company-owned brands and private label apparel. Other also included sales of third-party branded merchandise at company-owned outlet stores through the first quarter of 2021, after which they were discontinued. 
 Year Ended December (Dollars in millions) 2022 2021 Percent Change Revenues 11.3 13.6 (17.3) (Loss) profit (0.6) 0.5 (213.8) Operating margin (5.3) 3.8 
 30 Kontoor Brands, Inc 2022 Form 10-K 

Table of Contents 

 Reconciliation of Segment Profit to Income Before Income Taxes 
 
 The costs below are necessary to reconcile total reportable segment profit to income before taxes. Corporate and other expenses, including certain restructuring costs, and interest income and expense are not controlled by segment management and therefore are excluded from the measurement of segment profit. 
 Year Ended December (Dollars in millions) 2022 2021 Percent Change Total reportable segment profit 442.2 422.5 4.7 Corporate and other expenses (88.9) (141.0) (36.9) Interest expense (34.9) (38.9) (10.2) Interest income 1.4 1.5 (8.6) (Loss) profit related to other revenues (0.6) 0.5 (213.8) Income before income taxes 319.1 244.6 30.5 
 2022 Compared to 2021 
 Corporate and other expenses decreased 52.0 million, primarily due to decreased costs related to the exit of the transition service agreements with our former parent in August 2021 and the Company's ERP implementation. These decreases were partially offset by 13.7 million of costs related to the EMEA restructuring. 
 Interest expense decreased 4.0 million, primarily due to accelerated amortization of the original issue discount and debt issuance costs associated with refinancing and early repayments in 2021 on our Credit Facilities (as defined below), partially offset by higher borrowing rates for long-term debt during 2022 compared to 2021. 

ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION 
 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 The Company's ability to fund our operating needs is dependent upon our ability to generate positive long-term cash flow from operations and maintain our debt financing on acceptable terms. The Company has historically generated strong positive cash flows from operations. However, during the second half of 2022, elevated retailer inventories, reduced consumer discretionary spending and the negative impact on our sales drove higher Kontoor inventory levels, resulting in increased working capital and reduced cash flows from operations. The Company is taking proactive measures to manage working capital. We believe cash flows from operations will be able to support our short-term liquidity needs as well as any future liquidity and capital requirements, in combination with available cash balances and borrowing capacity from our amended revolving credit facility. 
 In May 2019, the Company entered into a 1.55 billion senior secured credit facility (the "Credit Agreement"). At inception, this facility consisted of a five-year 750.0 million term loan A facility Term Loan A ), a seven-year 300.0 million term loan B facility Term Loan B and a five-year 500.0 million revolving credit facility (the Revolving Credit Facility (collectively, the Credit Facilities with the lenders and agents party thereto. 
 On November 18, 2021, the Company completed a refinancing pursuant to which it issued 400.0 million of unsecured 4.125 senior notes due 2029 (the Notes and amended and restated its Credit Agreement (the Amended Credit Agreement ). The Amended Credit Agreement provides for (i) a five-year 400.0 million term loan A facility Amended Term Loan A ), with mandatory repayments beginning in March 2023 and (ii) a five-year 500.0 million revolving credit facility (the Amended Revolving Credit Facility (collectively, the Amended Credit Facilities with the lenders and agents party thereto. The net proceeds from the offering of the Notes, together with 7.6 million of cash on hand, were used to repay 265.0 million of the principal amount outstanding under Term Loan A, and all of the 133.0 million principal amount outstanding under Term Loan B. 
 These debt obligations could restrict our future business strategies and could adversely impact our future results of operations, financial conditions or cash flows. Refer to Note 10 to the Company's financial statements in this Form 10-K for additional information regarding the Company's Notes and Amended Credit Facilities, including covenants and interest rates thereunder, and borrowing limits and availability as of December 2022. 
 As of December 2022, the Company was in compliance with all applicable covenants under the Amended Credit Agreement and expects to maintain compliance with the applicable covenants for at least one year from the issuance of these financial statements. If economic conditions significantly deteriorate for a prolonged period, this could impact the Company's operating results and cash flows and thus our ability to maintain compliance with the applicable covenants. As a result, the Company could be required to seek new amendments to the Amended Credit Agreement or secure other sources of liquidity, such as refinancing of existing borrowings, the issuance of debt or equity securities, or sales of assets. However, there can be no assurance that the Company would be able to obtain such additional financing on commercially reasonable terms or at all. 
 
 31 Kontoor Brands, Inc. 2022 Form 10-K 

Table of Contents 

 The Amended Revolving Credit Facility may be used to borrow funds in both U.S. dollar and certain non-U.S. dollar currencies, and has a maximum borrowing capacity of 500.0 million and a 75.0 million letter of credit sublimit. The Company had no outstanding borrowings under the Amended Revolving Credit Facility as of December 2022. 
 The following table presents outstanding borrowings and available borrowing capacity under the Amended Revolving Credit Facility and our cash and cash equivalents balances as of December 2022: 
 (In millions) December 2022 Outstanding borrowings under the Amended Revolving Credit Facility Available borrowing capacity under the Amended Revolving Credit Facility (1) 
 487.9 Cash and cash equivalents 59.2 
 (1 Available borrowing capacity under the Amended Revolving Credit Facility is net of 12.1 million of outstanding standby letters of credit issued on behalf of the Company under this facility. 
 At December 2022 and December 2021, the Company had 24.8 million and 10.1 million, respectively, of international lines of credit with various banks, which are uncommitted and may be terminated at any time by either the Company or the banks. There was 7.1 million of outstanding balances under these arrangements at December 2022, and no outstanding balances at December 2021. In addition, short-term borrowings included other debt of 0.2 million at both December 2022 and December 2021. 
 On August 5, 2021, the Company announced that its Board of Directors approved a share repurchase program (the "Repurchase Program"). The Repurchase Program authorized the repurchase of up to 200.0 million of the Company's outstanding Common Stock through open market or privately negotiated transactions. The timing and amount of repurchases are determined by the Company's management based on its evaluation of market conditions, share price, legal requirements and other factors. The Repurchase Program does not have an expiration date but may be suspended, modified or terminated at any time without prior notice. During the years ended December 2022 and December 2021, the Company repurchased 1.5 million and 1.4 million shares of Common Stock, respectively, for 62.5 million and 75.5 million, respectively, including commissions, under the Repurchase Program. Beginning in 2023, the Company will be subject to a 1 excise tax on net stock repurchases under the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022. All shares reacquired in connection with the Repurchase Program are treated as authorized and unissued shares upon repurchase. Of the 200.0 million authorized for repurchase under the share repurchase program, 62.0 million remained available for repurchase as of December 2022. 
 During 2022, the Company paid 103.7 million of dividends to its shareholders. On February 21, 2023, the Board of Directors declared a regular quarterly cash dividend of 0.48 per share of the Company's Common Stock. The cash dividend will be payable on March 20, 2023, to shareholders of record at the close of business on March 10, 2023. 
 The Company intends to continue to pay cash dividends in future periods. The declaration and amount of any future dividends will be dependent upon multiple factors including our financial condition, earnings, cash flows, capital requirements, covenants associated with our debt obligations, legal requirements, regulatory constraints, industry practice and any other factors or considerations that our Board of Directors deems relevant. 
 We anticipate utilizing cash flows from operations to support continued investments in our brands, talent and capabilities, strategic investment opportunities that may arise, dividend payments to shareholders, repayment of our debt obligations over time and repurchases of Common Stock. Management believes that our cash balances and funds provided by operating activities, along with existing borrowing capacity and access to capital markets, taken as a whole, provide (i) adequate liquidity to meet all of our current and long-term obligations when due, (ii) adequate liquidity to fund capital expenditures and planned dividend payouts and (iii) flexibility to repurchase Common Stock and fund strategic investment opportunities. 
 We currently expect capital expenditures to range from 35.0 million to 40.0 million in 2023, primarily to support manufacturing, information technology, owned brick and mortar stores and distribution. 
 
 32 Kontoor Brands, Inc 2022 Form 10-K 

Table of Contents 

 The following table presents our cash flows during the periods: 
 (In millions) Year Ended December Cash provided (used) by: 2022 2021 Operating activities 83.6 283.9 Investing activities (30.1) (39.4) Financing activities (170.9) (304.1) 
 Operating Activities 
 During 2022, cash provided by operating activities decreased 200.3 million as compared to 2021. The decrease was primarily due to unfavorable changes in working capital accounts, primarily related to increases in inventory as discussed above, as well as accounts payable and accrued liabilities, partially offset by favorable changes in accounts receivable and net income. 
 Investing Activities 
 During 2022, cash used by investing activities decreased 9.3 million as compared to 2021, primarily due to declines in capitalized computer software, partially offset by higher property, plant and equipment expenditures. 
 Financing Activities 
 During 2022, cash used by financing activities decreased 133.2 million as compared to 2021. This decrease was primarily due to our debt refinancing in 2021 where we repaid 523.0 million of term loans, partially offset by 400.0 million of proceeds from the issuance of the Notes. 
 Contractual Obligations 
 The Company believes it has sufficient liquidity to fund its operations and meet its short-term and long-term obligations. The Company's estimated contractual obligations and other commercial commitments at December 2022 and the future periods in which such obligations are expected to be settled in cash are described below. 
 Contractual commitments on the Company's balance sheets include obligations to make principal payments on 800 million of long-term debt based on the defined terms of our debt agreements. Refer to Note 10 to the Company's financial statements in this Form 10-K for additional information. These debt agreements also require periodic interest payments on floating and fixed rate terms. Future estimated interest payments under these agreements, based on interest rates in effect as of December 2022 and the remaining terms of the debt arrangements, are 40.7 million, 39.9 million, 38.7 million, 35.1 million and 16.5 million for 2023 through 2027, respectively, and 33.0 million thereafter. 
 The Company has future payments related to "other liabilities" recorded in the balance sheets, which primarily represent long-term liabilities for deferred compensation and other employee-related benefits. Refer to Note 11 and Note 12 to the Company's financial statements in this Form 10-K for additional information. 
 The Company is obligated under noncancelable operating leases. Refer to Note 19 to the Company's financial statements in this Form 10-K for additional information related to future lease payments. 
 The Company has unrecorded commitments consisting of inventory obligations, minimum royalty payments and other obligations. Other obligations represent other binding commitments for the expenditure of funds, including (i) amounts related to contracts not involving the purchase of inventories, such as the noncancelable portion of service or maintenance agreements for management information systems, (ii) capital spending and (iii) advertising. Refer to Note 20 to the Company's financial statements in this Form 10-K for additional information. 
 Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
 We do not engage in any off-balance sheet financial arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a material current or future effect on our financial condition, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources. 
 
 33 Kontoor Brands, Inc. 2022 Form 10-K 

Table of Contents 

 Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 
 We have chosen accounting policies that management believes are appropriate to accurately and fairly report our operating results and financial position in conformity with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles. We apply these accounting policies in a consistent manner. Significant accounting policies are summarized in Note 1 to the Company's financial statements included in Part IV of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 The application of these accounting policies requires that we make estimates and assumptions about future events and apply judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, net revenues, expenses, contingent assets and liabilities and related disclosures. These estimates, assumptions and judgments are based on historical experience, current trends and other factors believed to be reasonable under the circumstances. Management evaluates these estimates and assumptions on an ongoing basis. Because our business cycle is relatively short (i.e., from the date that inventory is received until that inventory is sold and the trade accounts receivable is collected), actual results related to most estimates are known within a few months after any balance sheet date. In addition, we may retain outside specialists to assist in impairment testing of goodwill and intangible assets. Several of the estimates and assumptions we are required to make relate to future events and are therefore inherently uncertain, especially as it relates to events outside of our control. If actual results ultimately differ from previous estimates, the revisions are included in results of operations when the actual amounts become known. 
 We believe the following accounting policies involve the most significant management estimates, assumptions and judgments used in preparation of the financial statements or are the most sensitive to change from outside factors. The selection and application of the Company s critical accounting policies and estimates are periodically discussed with the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors. 
 Impairment Testing of Long-Lived Assets, Including Intangible Assets and Goodwill 
 Long Lived Assets Property, Plant and Equipment and Operating Lease Assets 
 Description 
 Our policy is to review property, plant and equipment and operating lease assets for potential impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value of an asset or asset group may not be recoverable. We test for potential impairment at the asset or asset group level, which is the lowest level for which there are identifiable cash flows that are largely independent, by comparing the carrying value to the estimated undiscounted cash flows expected to be generated by the asset. If the forecasted undiscounted cash flows to be generated by the asset are not expected to be adequate to recover the asset s carrying value, a fair value analysis must be performed, and an impairment charge is recorded if there is an excess of the asset s carrying value over its estimated fair value. 
 Judgments and Uncertainties 
 When testing property, plant and equipment or operating lease assets for potential impairment, management uses the income-based discounted cash flow method using the estimated cash flows of the respective asset or asset group. We include assumptions about sales growth and operating margins, considered against our budgets, business plans and economic projections. Assumptions are also made for varying terminal growth rates for years beyond the forecast period. Generally, we utilize operating margin assumptions based on future expectations, operating margins historically realized in the reporting units industries and industry marketplace valuation multiples. 
 The estimated undiscounted cash flows of the asset or asset group through the end of its useful life are compared to its carrying value. If the undiscounted cash flows of the asset or asset group exceed its carrying value, there is no impairment charge. If the undiscounted cash flows of the asset or asset group are less than its carrying value, the estimated fair value of the asset or asset group is calculated based on the discounted cash flows using the reporting unit s weighted average cost of capital WACC ), and an impairment charge is recognized for the difference between the estimated fair value of the asset or asset group and its carrying value. 
 Effect if Actual Results Differ From Assumptions 
 We have not made any material changes in the methodology used to evaluate the impairment of property, plant and equipment and operating lease assets during 2022. We do not believe there is a reasonable likelihood there will be a material change in the estimates or assumptions used to calculate impairments, useful lives of property, plant and equipment or term length of leases. However, if actual results are not consistent with our estimates and assumptions used to calculate estimated future cash flows, we may be exposed to potentially material impairments. As of December 2022, the effect of a hypothetical 10 change in the aforementioned key assumptions would not have a material effect on reported results. 
 
 34 Kontoor Brands, Inc 2022 Form 10-K 

Table of Contents 

 Indefinite-Lived Intangible Assets and Goodwill 
 Description 
 Our policy is to evaluate indefinite-lived intangible assets and goodwill for possible impairment as of the beginning of the fourth quarter of each year, or whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the fair value of such assets may be below their carrying amount. As part of our annual impairment testing, we may elect to assess qualitative factors as a basis for determining whether it is necessary to perform quantitative impairment testing. If management s assessment of these qualitative factors indicates that it is not more likely than not that the fair value of the intangible asset or reporting unit is less than its carrying value, then no further testing is required. Otherwise, the intangible asset or reporting unit must be quantitatively tested for impairment. 
 Judgments and Uncertainties 
 An indefinite-lived intangible asset is quantitatively tested for possible impairment by comparing the estimated fair value of the asset to its carrying value. Fair value of an indefinite-lived trademark is based on an income approach using the relief-from-royalty method. Under this method, forecasted net revenues for products sold with the trademark are assigned a royalty rate that would be charged to license the trademark (in lieu of ownership), and the estimated fair value is calculated as the present value of those forecasted royalties avoided by owning the trademark. The discount rate is based on the reporting unit s WACC that considers market participant assumptions, plus a spread that factors in the risk of the intangible asset. The royalty rate is selected based on consideration of (i) royalty rates included in active license agreements, if applicable, (ii) royalty rates received by market participants in the apparel industry and (iii) the current performance of the reporting unit. If the estimated fair value of the trademark intangible asset exceeds its carrying value, there is no impairment charge. If the estimated fair value of the trademark is less than its carrying value, an impairment charge would be recognized for the difference. 
 Goodwill is quantitatively evaluated for possible impairment by comparing the estimated fair value of a reporting unit to its carrying value. Reporting units are businesses with discrete financial information that is available and reviewed by segment management. 
 For goodwill impairment testing, we estimate the fair value of a reporting unit using both income-based and market-based valuation methods. The income-based approach is based on the reporting unit s forecasted future cash flows that are discounted to present value using the reporting unit s WACC as discussed above. For the market-based approach, management uses both the guideline company and similar transaction methods. The guideline company method analyzes market multiples of net revenues and earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization EBITDA for a group of comparable public companies. The market multiples used in the valuation are based on the relative strengths and weaknesses of the reporting unit compared to the selected guideline companies. Under the similar transactions method, valuation multiples are calculated utilizing actual transaction prices and net revenue / EBITDA data from target companies deemed similar to the reporting unit. 
 Based on the range of estimated fair values developed from the income and market-based methods, we determine the estimated fair value for the reporting unit. If the estimated fair value of the reporting unit exceeds its carrying value, the goodwill is not impaired and no further review is required. However, if the estimated fair value of the reporting unit is less than its carrying value, we calculate the impairment loss as the difference between the carrying value of the reporting unit and the estimated fair value. 
 The income-based fair value methodology requires management s assumptions and judgments regarding economic conditions in the markets in which we operate and conditions in the capital markets, many of which are outside of management s control. At the reporting unit level, fair value estimation requires management s assumptions and judgments regarding the effects of overall economic conditions on the specific reporting unit, along with assessment of the reporting unit s strategies and forecasts of future cash flows. Forecasts of individual reporting unit cash flows involve management s estimates and assumptions regarding: 
 Annual cash flows, on a debt-free basis, arising from future net revenues and profitability, changes in working capital, capital spending and income taxes for at least a ten-year forecast period. 
 A terminal growth rate for years beyond the forecast period. The terminal growth rate is selected based on consideration of growth rates used in the forecast period, historical performance of the reporting unit and economic conditions. 
 A discount rate that reflects the risks inherent in realizing the forecasted cash flows. A discount rate considers the risk-free rate of return on long-term treasury securities, the risk premium associated with investing in equity securities of comparable companies, the beta obtained from comparable companies and the cost of debt for investment grade issuers. In addition, the discount rate may consider any company-specific risk in achieving the prospective financial information. 
 Under the market-based fair value methodology, judgment is required in evaluating market multiples and recent transactions. Management believes that the assumptions used for its impairment tests are representative of those that would be used by market participants performing similar valuations of our reporting units. 
 Effect if Actual Results Differ From Assumptions 
 Management makes its estimates based on information available as of the date of our assessment, using assumptions we believe market participants would use in performing an independent valuation of the business. It is possible that our conclusions regarding impairment or recoverability of goodwill or intangible assets in any reporting unit could change in future periods. There can be no assurance that the estimates and assumptions used in our goodwill and intangible asset impairment testing will prove to be accurate 
 
 35 Kontoor Brands, Inc. 2022 Form 10-K 

Table of Contents 

 predictions of the future, if, for example, (i) the businesses do not perform as projected, (ii) overall economic conditions in future years vary from current assumptions (including changes in discount rates), (iii) business conditions or strategies for a specific reporting unit change from current assumptions, including loss of major customers, (iv) investors require higher rates of return on equity investments in the marketplace or (v) enterprise values of comparable publicly traded companies, or actual sales transactions of comparable companies, were to decline, resulting in lower multiples of net revenues and EBITDA. A future impairment charge for goodwill or intangible assets could have a material effect on our financial position and results of operations. As of December 2022, the effect of a hypothetical 10 change in the aforementioned key assumptions would not have a material effect on reported results. 
 Income Taxes 
 Description 
 As a global company, Kontoor is subject to income taxes and files income tax returns in over 50 U.S. and foreign jurisdictions each year. Due to economic and political conditions, tax rates in various jurisdictions may be subject to significant change. The Company could be subject to changes in its tax rates, the adoption of new U.S. or international tax legislation or exposure to additional tax liabilities. The Company makes an ongoing assessment to identify any significant exposure related to increases in tax rates in the jurisdictions in which the Company operates. 
 Judgments and Uncertainties 
 The calculation of income tax liabilities involves uncertainties in the application of complex tax laws and regulations, which are subject to legal interpretation and significant management judgment. The Company s income tax returns are regularly examined by federal, state and foreign tax authorities, and those audits may result in proposed adjustments. The Company has reviewed all issues raised upon examination, as well as any exposure for issues that may be raised in future examinations. The Company has evaluated these potential issues under the more-likely-than-not standard of the accounting literature. A tax position is recognized if it meets this standard and is measured at the largest amount of benefit that has a greater than 50 likelihood of being realized. 
 Effect if Actual Results Differ From Assumptions 
 Such judgments and estimates may change based on audit settlements, court cases, proposed tax regulations and interpretation of tax laws and regulations. Income tax expense could be materially affected to the extent the Company prevails in a tax position or when the statute of limitations expires for a tax position for which a liability for unrecognized tax benefits or valuation allowances have been established, or to the extent the Company is required to pay amounts greater than the established liability for unrecognized tax benefits. The Company does not currently anticipate any material impact on earnings from the ultimate resolution of income tax uncertainties. There are no accruals for general or unknown tax expenses. 
 The Company has 25.7 million of gross deferred income tax assets related to operating loss carryforwards, and 23.0 million of valuation allowances against those assets. Realization of deferred tax assets related to operating loss carryforwards is dependent on future taxable income in specific jurisdictions, the amount and timing of which are uncertain, and on possible changes in tax laws. If management believes that the Company will not be able to generate sufficient taxable income to offset losses during the carryforward periods, the Company records valuation allowances to reduce those deferred tax assets to amounts expected to be ultimately realized. If in a future period management determines that the amount of deferred tax assets to be realized differs from the net recorded amount, the Company would record an adjustment to income tax expense in that future period. 
 Recently Issued and Adopted Accounting Standards 
 Refer to Note 1 to the Company's financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for discussion of recently issued and adopted accounting standards. 
 36 Kontoor Brands, Inc 2022 Form 10-K 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK. 
 We are exposed to risks in the ordinary course of business. Management regularly assesses and manages exposures to these risks through operating and financing activities and, when appropriate, by taking advantage of natural hedges. Potential risks are discussed below. 
 Insured Risks 
 The Company is self-insured for a significant portion of its employee medical, workers compensation, property and general liability exposures, and purchases from highly-rated commercial carriers to cover other risks, including property, casualty and umbrella, and to establish stop-loss limits on self-insurance arrangements. 
 Cash and Cash Equivalents Risks 
 We had 59.2 million of cash and cash equivalents at the end of 2022. Management continually monitors the credit ratings of the financial institutions with whom we conduct business. Similarly, management monitors the credit quality of cash equivalents. 
 Deferred Compensation and Related Investment Security Risks 
 The Company sponsors a nonqualified retirement savings plan for employees whose contributions to a 401(k) plan would be limited by provisions of the Internal Revenue Code. This plan allows participants to defer a portion of their compensation and to receive matching contributions for a portion of the deferred amounts. Certain of the Company s employees participate in this plan. The Company has purchased publicly traded mutual funds in the same amounts as the participant-directed hypothetical investments underlying the employee deferred compensation liabilities. Changes in the fair value of the participants hypothetical investments are recorded as an adjustment to deferred compensation liabilities. The increases and decreases in deferred compensation liabilities are offset by corresponding increases and decreases in the market value of the mutual funds purchased by the Company, resulting in an insignificant net exposure to operating results and financial position. 
 Interest Rate Risks 
 The Company's debt outstanding under the Amended Credit Facilities bears interest at variable interest rates plus applicable spreads. In addition, the funding fees charged by the financial institution for the trade accounts receivable sale program are based on underlying variable interest rates. The Company uses derivative financial instruments to mitigate some of these exposures to the volatility in interest rates. However, changes in interest rates would also affect interest income earned on our cash equivalents. Based on balances of outstanding debt, sold trade accounts receivable and cash equivalents as of December 2022, the effect of a hypothetical 1 increase in interest rates would be a decrease in reported net income of approximately 2.4 million. 
 Foreign Currency Exchange Rate Risks 
 We are a global enterprise subject to the risk of foreign currency fluctuations. Approximately 21 of our net revenues in 2022 were generated in international markets. Most of our foreign businesses operate in functional currencies other than the U.S. dollar. In periods where the U.S. dollar strengthens relative to the euro or other foreign currencies where we have operations, there is a negative impact on our operating results upon translation of those foreign operating results into the U.S. dollar. Management hedges certain of the Company's foreign currency transactions and may hedge investments in certain foreign operations. 
 The reported values of assets and liabilities in these foreign businesses are subject to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates. The Company monitors and actively manages its net foreign currency market exposures and may enter into derivative contracts with external counterparties to hedge certain foreign currency accounts payable and accounts receivable transactions. 
 The Company's practice is to buy or sell foreign currency exchange contracts that cover up to 80 of foreign currency exposures for periods of up to 20 months. Currently, the Company uses only foreign exchange forward contracts to hedge foreign currency exposures but may use options or collars in the future. This use of financial instruments allows management to reduce the overall exposure to risks from exchange rate fluctuations on our cash flows and earnings, since gains and losses on these contracts will offset losses and gains on the transactions being hedged. 
 For cash flow hedging contracts outstanding at December 2022, if there were a hypothetical 10 change in foreign currency exchange rates compared to rates at the end of 2022, it would result in a change in fair value of those contracts of approximately 23.7 million. However, any change in the fair value of the hedging contracts would be substantially offset by a change in the fair value of the underlying hedged exposure impacted by the currency rate changes. 
 Counterparty Risks 
 We are exposed to credit-related losses in the event of nonperformance by counterparties to derivative hedging instruments. To manage this risk, we have established counterparty credit guidelines and only enter into derivative transactions with financial institutions that have A minus/A3 investment grade credit ratings or better. The Company monitors the credit rating of, and limits the amount hedged with, each counterparty. Additionally, management utilizes a portfolio of financial institutions to minimize exposure to potential counterparty defaults and adjusts positions as necessary. 
 
 37 Kontoor Brands, Inc. 2022 Form 10-K 

Table of Contents 

 Commodity Price Risks 
 We are exposed to market risks for the pricing of cotton, synthetics and other materials, which we typically purchase in a converted form such as fabric, including denim. To manage risks of commodity price changes, management negotiates prices in advance when possible. We have not historically managed commodity price exposures by using derivative instruments. 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA. 
 See Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for information required by this Item 8. 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE. 
 Not applicable. 
 38 Kontoor Brands, Inc 2022 Form 10-K 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES. 
 CONCLUSION REGARDING THE EFFECTIVENESS OF DISCLOSURE CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 
 As required by Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(b), the Company's management, under the supervision of the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer, conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) or 15d-15(e) of the Exchange Act. Based on that evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer concluded that, as of December 31, 2022, the Company's disclosure controls and procedures were effective to (1) ensure that the Company is able to record, process, summarize and report the information it is required to disclose in the reports it files with or submits to the SEC within the required time periods specified in the Commission's rules and forms and (2) accumulate and communicate this information to management, including its Chief Executive and Chief Financial Officers, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding this disclosure. 
 MANAGEMENT S REPORT ON INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING 
 The Company's management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) or 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act. The Company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. 
 Management of the Company has assessed the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. In making this assessment, management used criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control I ntegrated Framework (2013). 
 Based on this assessment, management concluded that the Company's internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022. 
 The effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 has been audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report which is included in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 
 CHANGES IN INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING 
 There have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the quarter ended December 31, 2022 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION. 
 Not applicable. 

ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 Not applicable. 
 
 39 Kontoor Brands, Inc. 2022 Form 10-K 

Table of Contents 

 PART III 
 
 ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE. 
 
 Information required by Item 10 of this Part III is included under the captions Proposal No. 1 Election of Directors, Executive Officers, Corporate Governance Code of Conduct, Corporate Governance Board Committees and Additional Information Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports (to the extent reported therein) in Kontoor s 2023 Proxy Statement that will be filed with the SEC within 120 days after the close of our year ended December 31, 2022, which information is incorporated herein by reference. 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION. 
 Information required by Item 11 of this Part III is included under the captions Corporate Governance Talent and Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation," "Director Compensation and Executive Compensation in Kontoor s 2023 Proxy Statement that will be filed with the SEC within 120 days after the close of our year ended December 31, 2022, which information is incorporated herein by reference. 

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS. 
 Information required by Item 12 of this Part III is included under the captions "Executive Compensation 2022 Equity Compensation Plan Information Table" and Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management in Kontoor s 2023 Proxy Statement that will be filed with the SEC within 120 days after the close of our year ended December 31, 2022, which information is incorporated herein by reference. 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE. 
 Information required by Item 13 of this Part III is included under the captions "Corporate Governance Related Person Transactions Policy" and "Corporate Governance Director Independence" in Kontoor's 2023 Proxy Statement that will be filed with the SEC within 120 days after the close of our year ended December 31, 2022, which information is incorporated herein by reference. 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES. 
 Information required by Item 14 of this Part III is included under the caption Proposal No. 2 Ratification of Appointment of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm in Kontoor s 2023 Proxy Statement that will be filed with the SEC within 120 days after the close of our year ended December 31, 2022, which information is incorporated herein by reference. 
 40 Kontoor Brands, Inc 2022 Form 10-K 

Table of Contents 

 PART IV 
 
 ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES. 
 
 (a) The following documents are filed as a part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K: 
 1. Financial statements: 
 PAGE NUMBER Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID 
 45 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 47 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 48 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 
 49 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 50 
 Consolidated Statements of Equity 
 51 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 52 
 
 2. Financial statement schedules: 
 PAGE NUMBER Schedule II Valuation and Qualifying Accounts 
 86 
 
 All other schedules for which provision is made in the applicable accounting regulations of the SEC are not required under the related instructions or are inapplicable and therefore have been omitted. 
 3. Exhibits: 
 2.1 
 Separation and Distribution Agreement dated May 22, 2019 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Company's Form 8-K filed with the SEC on May 23, 2019) 3.1 
 Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of Kontoor Brands, Inc. effective as of May 7, 2019 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on June 20, 2019) 3.2 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws of Kontoor Brands, Inc. effective as of May 7, 2019 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on June 20, 2019) 4.1 
 Description of Securities (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on March 11, 2020) 
 4.2 
 Indenture, dated as of November 18, 2021 by and among Kontoor Brands, Inc., the guarantors party thereto and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee, governing the 4.125 Senior Notes due 2029 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company's Form 8-K filed with the SEC on November 19, 2021) 10.1 
 Tax Matters Agreement dated May 22, 2019 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Form 8-K filed with the SEC on May 23, 2019) 10.2 
 Transition Services Agreement dated May 22, 2019 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company's Form 8-K filed with the SEC on May 23, 2019) 10. 3 
 VF Intellectual Property License Agreement dated May 17, 2019 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company's Form 8-K filed with the SEC on May 23, 2019) 10. 4 
 Kontoor Intellectual Property License Agreement dated May 17, 2019 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company's Form 8-K filed with the SEC on May 23, 2019) 10. 5 
 Employee Matters Agreement dated May 22, 2019 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Company's Form 8-K filed with the SEC on May 23, 2019) 10. 6+ 
 Change in Control Agreement by and between Scott H. Baxter and Kontoor Brands, Inc. dated May 23, 2019 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the Company's Form 8-K filed with the SEC on May 23, 2019) 10. 7+ 
 Change in Control Agreement by and between Rustin Welton and Kontoor Brands, Inc. dated May 23, 2019 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to the Company's Form 8-K filed with the SEC on May 23, 2019) 10. 8+ 
 Change in Control Agreement by and between Thomas E. Waldron and Kontoor Brands, Inc. dated May 23, 2019 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to the Company's Form 8-K filed with the SEC on May 23, 2019) 
 
 41 Kontoor Brands, Inc. 2022 Form 10-K 

Table of Contents 

 10. 9+ 
 Change in Control Agreement by and between Christopher Waldeck and Kontoor Brands, Inc. dated May 23, 2019 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 to the Company's Form 8-K filed with the SEC on May 23, 2019) 10. 1 0+ 
 Form of Change in Control Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.15 to the Company's Registration Statement on Form 10 filed with the SEC on April 1, 2019) 10.1 1 + 
 Kontoor Brands, Inc. 2019 Stock Compensation Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.13 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on August 13, 2019) 10.1 2 + 
 Kontoor Brands Executive Deferred Savings Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.13 to the Company's Registration Statement on Form 10 filed with the SEC on April 1, 2019) 10.1 3 + 
 Kontoor Brands Executive Deferred Savings Plan II (2020 Restatement) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.43 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on November 4, 2022) 10.1 4 + 
 Kontoor Brands 401(k) Savings Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to the Company's Registration Statement on Form S-8 filed with the SEC on May 20, 2019) 10.1 5 + 
 Form of Non-Qualified Stock Option Certificate (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the Company's Registration Statement on Form 10 filed with the SEC on April 1, 2019) 10.1 6 + 
 Form of Non-Qualified Stock Option Certificate for Non-Employee Directors (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to the Company's Registration Statement on Form 10 filed with the SEC on April 1, 2019) 10.1 7 + 
 Form of Award Certificate for Performance-Based Restricted Stock Units (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.19 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on August 13, 2019) 10. 1 8 + 
 Form of Award Certificate for Restricted Stock Units for Non-Employee Directors (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.20 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on August 13, 2019) 10. 1 9 + 
 Form of Award Certificate for Restricted Stock Units (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.21 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on August 13, 2019) 10. 20 + 
 Form of Award Certificate for Restricted Stock (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.12 to the Company's Registration Statement on Form 10 filed with the SEC on April 1, 2019) 10.2 1 + 
 Kontoor Brands, Inc. Management Incentive Compensation Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.23 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on August 13, 2019) 10.2 2 + 
 Kontoor Brands, Inc. Deferred Savings Plan for Non-Employee Directors (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.17 to the Company's Registration Statement on Form 10 filed with the SEC on April 1, 2019) 10. 2 3 
 Form of Indemnification Agreement for Non-Employee Directors (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.18 to the Company's Registration Statement on Form 10 filed with the SEC on April 1, 2019) 10.2 4 + 
 Kontoor Brands, Inc. Mid-Term Incentive Plan, a subplan under the Stock Compensation Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.26 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on August 13, 2019) 10.2 5 + 
 Form of Award Certificate for Restricted Stock Units (2019 Launch Form) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.27 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on August 13, 2019) 10.2 6 + 
 Form of Award Certificate for Performance-Based Restricted Stock Units (Converted Awards Form) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.28 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on August 13, 2019) 10.2 7 + 
 Form of Award Certificate for Performance-Based Restricted Stock Units (2019 Launch Form) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.29 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on August 13, 2019) 10.2 8 + 
 Kontoor Brands Executive Deferred Savings Plan II Amendment No. 1 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.30 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on May 8, 2020) 10. 2 9 + 
 Kontoor Brands 401(k) Savings Plan Amendment No. 1 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.31 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on May 8, 2020) 10. 30 + 
 Kontoor Brands 401(k) Savings Plan Amendment No. 2 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.32 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on May 8, 2020) 10.3 1 + 
 Kontoor Brands 401(k) Savings Plan Amendment No. 3 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.33 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on May 8, 2020) 10.3 2 + 
 Kontoor Brands 401(k) Savings Plan Amendment No. 4 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.34 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on November 6, 2020) 10.3 3 + 
 Kontoor Brands 401(k) Savings Plan Amendment No. 5 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.35 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on November 6, 2020) 10.3 4 + 
 Kontoor Brands 401(k) Savings Plan Amendment No. 6 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.36 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on November 6, 2020) 10.3 5 + 
 Kontoor Brands Executive Deferred Savings Plan II Amendment No. 2 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.37 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on November 6, 2020) 
 42 Kontoor Brands, Inc 2022 Form 10-K 

Table of Contents 

 10.3 6 + 
 Kontoor Brands 401(k) Savings Plan Amendment No. 7 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.39 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on March 3, 2021) 10.3 7 
 Extension, dated November 12, 2020, of the Transition Services Agreement dated May 22, 2019 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.40 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on March 3, 2021) 
 10. 3 8 + 
 Kontoor Brands, Inc. Mid-Term Incentive Plan, a subplan under the Stock Compensation Plan, as Amended and Restated effective December 16, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.40 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on March 2, 2022) 
 10. 39 + 
 Form of Award Certificate for Restricted Stock Units (Standard Form) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.41 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on March 2, 2022) 
 10. 4 0 + 
 Form of Award Certificate for Performance-Based Restricted Stock Units (Standard Form) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.42 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on March 2, 2022) 
 10.4 1 
 Amendment No. 1, dated as of December 12, 2022, to the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of November 18, 2021, by and among Kontoor Brands, Inc., the co-borrowers and guarantors party thereto, and the lenders and agents from time to time party thereto. 21 
 Subsidiaries of the Company 23.1 
 Consent of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 24.1 
 Power of Attorney (included in signature pages of this Form 10-K) 31.1 
 Certification of Scott H. Baxter, President, Chief Executive Officer and Chair of the Board, pursuant to 15 U.S.C. Section 10A, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 31.2 
 Certification of Rustin Welton, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, pursuant to 15 U.S.C. Section 10A, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 32.1 
 Certification of Scott H. Baxter, President, Chief Executive Officer and Chair of the Board, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 32.2 
 Certification of Rustin Welton, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 101.INS XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 101.SCH XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.DEF XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 101.LAB XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 101.PRE XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File - The cover page interactive data file does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document Filed herewith. Furnished herewith. + Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement 

ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY. 
 None. 
 
 43 Kontoor Brands, Inc. 2022 Form 10-K 

Table of Contents 

 SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 KONTOOR BRANDS, INC. March 1, 2023 By: /s/ Scott H. Baxter Scott H. Baxter 
 President, Chief Executive Officer and Chair of the Board 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 
 
 POWER OF ATTORNEY 
 Each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints Scott H. Baxter and Rustin Welton, and each or any of them, his or her true and lawful attorney-in-fact and agent, each acting alone, with full power of substitution and resubstitution, for him or her and in his or her name, place and stead, in any and all capacities, to sign any or all amendments to this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto, and all documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorney-in-fact, full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done in and about the premises, as fully to all intents and purposes as he or she might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorney-in-fact and agent, or his or her substitute or substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities as of March 1, 2023: 
 Signature Capacity /s/ Scott H. Baxter President, Chief Executive Officer and Chair of the Board Scott H. Baxter (Principal Executive Officer) /s/ Rustin Welton Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Rustin Welton (Principal Financial Officer) /s/ Denise Sumner Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer Denise Sumner (Principal Accounting Officer) /s/ Robert K. Shearer Director Robert K. Shearer /s/ Kathleen S. Barclay Director Kathleen S. Barclay /s/ Ashley D. Goldsmith Director Ashley D. Goldsmith /s/ Robert M. Lynch Director Robert M. Lynch /s/ Andrew E. Page Director Andrew E. Page /s/ Mark L. Schiller Director Mark L. Schiller /s/ Shelley Stewart, Jr. Director Shelley Stewart, Jr. 
 44 Kontoor Brands, Inc 2022 Form 10-K 

Table of Contents 

 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of Kontoor Brands, Inc. 
 Opinions on the Financial Statements and Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Kontoor Brands, Inc. and its subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and January 1, 2022, and the related consolidated statements of operations, of comprehensive income, of equity and of cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, including the related notes and financial statement schedules listed in the index appearing under Item 15(a)(2) (collectively referred to as the "consolidated financial statements"). We also have audited the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). 
 In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and January 1, 2022 , and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Also in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the COSO. 
 Basis for Opinions 
 The Company's management is responsible for these consolidated financial statements, for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in Management's Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting appearing under Item 9A. Our responsibility is to express opinions on the Company s consolidated financial statements and on the Company's internal control over financial reporting based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud, and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
 Our audits of the consolidated financial statements included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions. 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 Critical Audit Matters 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (i) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (ii) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 
 Kontoor Brands, Inc. 2022 Form 10-K 45 

Table of Contents 

 Accounting for Deferred Income Taxes 
 As described in Notes 1 and 17 to the financial statements, the Company has net deferred income tax assets of 60.4 million, including a valuation allowance of 25.8 million, as of December 31, 2022. Deferred income tax assets and deferred income tax liabilities reflect the net future tax effects of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for income tax purposes. Net temporary differences and operating loss carryforwards are recorded utilizing tax rates currently enacted for the years in which the differences are expected to be settled or realized. Management periodically assesses the realizability of deferred income tax assets and the adequacy of deferred income tax liabilities, including the results of local, state, federal or foreign statutory tax audits and changes in estimates and judgments used. As disclosed by management, the Company is subject to income taxes and files income tax returns in over 50 U.S. and foreign jurisdictions each year. 
 The principal considerations for our determination that performing procedures relating to the accounting for deferred income taxes is a critical audit matter are (i) the significant judgment by management when assessing complex tax laws and regulations and when identifying and measuring deferred income tax assets and liabilities in such jurisdictions to which the Company is subject; (ii) a high degree of auditor judgment, subjectivity, and effort in performing procedures and evaluating management's assessment of complex tax laws and regulations and the identification and measurement of deferred income tax assets and liabilities; and (iii) the audit effort involved the use of professionals with specialized skill and knowledge. 
 Addressing the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion on the financial statements. These procedures included testing the effectiveness of controls relating to accounting for deferred income taxes. These procedures also included, among others, (i) testing deferred income tax calculations and the financial data used in the deferred income tax calculations, (ii) testing the accuracy of the income tax rates utilized in the deferred income tax calculations, and (iii) evaluating management s assessment of the realizability of deferred income tax assets. Professionals with specialized skill and knowledge were used to assist in evaluating the application of relevant tax laws and regulations by jurisdiction. 
 /s/ 
 
 March 1, 2023 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2018. 
 
 Kontoor Brands, Inc. 2022 Form 10-K 46 

Table of Contents 
 KONTOOR BRANDS, INC. 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 

 (In thousands, except share amounts) 
 December 2022 December 2021 ASSETS Current assets Cash and cash equivalents Accounts receivable, net Inventories Prepaid expenses and other current assets Total current assets Property, plant and equipment, net Operating lease assets Intangible assets, net Goodwill Deferred income tax assets Other assets TOTAL ASSETS LIABILITIES AND EQUITY Current liabilities Short-term borrowings Current portion of long-term debt Accounts payable Accrued liabilities Operating lease liabilities, current Total current liabilities Operating lease liabilities, noncurrent Deferred income tax liabilities Other liabilities Long-term debt Commitments and contingencies Total liabilities Equity Preferred Stock, par value; shares authorized, ; shares outstanding at December 2022 and 2021 
 Common Stock, par value; shares authorized, ; outstanding shares of at December 2022 and at December 2021 
 Additional paid-in capital Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Total equity TOTAL LIABILITIES AND EQUITY 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 
 Kontoor Brands, Inc. 2022 Form 10-K 47 

Table of Contents 
 KONTOOR BRANDS, INC. 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations 

 Year Ended December (In thousands, except per share amounts) 2022 2021 2020 Net revenues Costs and operating expenses Cost of goods sold Selling, general and administrative expenses Total costs and operating expenses Operating income Interest expense ) ) ) Interest income Other expense, net ) ) ) Income before income taxes Income taxes Net income Earnings per common share Basic Diluted Weighted average shares outstanding Basic Diluted 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 
 Kontoor Brands, Inc. 2022 Form 10-K 48 

Table of Contents 
 KONTOOR BRANDS, INC. 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 

 Year Ended December (In thousands) 2022 2021 2020 Net income Other comprehensive income (loss) Net change in foreign currency translation ) ) Net change in defined benefit pension plans ) Net change in derivative financial instruments ) Total other comprehensive income (loss), net of related taxes ) Comprehensive income 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 
 Kontoor Brands, Inc. 2022 Form 10-K 49 

Table of Contents 
 KONTOOR BRANDS, INC. 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 

 Year Ended December (In thousands) 2022 2021 2020 OPERATING ACTIVITIES Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Stock-based compensation Provision for doubtful accounts ) Deferred income taxes Other ) ) Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable ) ) Inventories ) ) Accounts payable ) Income taxes ) Accrued liabilities ) ) Other assets and liabilities ) ) Cash provided by operating activities INVESTING ACTIVITIES Property, plant and equipment expenditures ) ) ) Capitalized computer software ) ) ) Proceeds from sales of assets Other ) ) ) Cash used by investing activities ) ) ) FINANCING ACTIVITIES Borrowings under revolving credit facility Repayments under revolving credit facility ) ) Proceeds from issuance of senior notes Payment of deferred financing costs ) ) ) Repayments of term loans ) Repurchases of Common Stock ) ) Dividends paid ) ) ) Shares withheld for taxes, net of proceeds from issuance of Common Stock ) ) Other ) Cash used by financing activities ) ) ) Effect of foreign currency rate changes on cash and cash equivalents ) ) Net change in cash and cash equivalents ) ) Cash and cash equivalents - beginning of period Cash and cash equivalents - end of period Supplemental cash flow information: Interest paid, net of amounts capitalized Income taxes paid Change in accrual for property, plant and equipment ) ) Change in accrual for capitalized computer software ) ) 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 Kontoor Brands, Inc. 2022 Form 10-K 50 

Table of Contents 
 KONTOOR BRANDS, INC. 
 Consolidated Statements of Equity 

 Common Stock Additional Paid-in Capital Retained Earnings (Accumulated Deficit) Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Total Equity (In thousands) Shares Amounts Balance, December 2019 ) ) Net income Stock-based compensation, net ) Other comprehensive loss ) ) Dividends on Common Stock per share) 
 ) ) Balance, December 2020 ) Net income Stock-based compensation, net ) Other comprehensive income Dividends on Common Stock per share) 
 ) ) Repurchases of Common Stock ) ) ) Balance, December 2021 ) Net income Stock-based compensation, net ) Other comprehensive income Dividends on Common Stock per share) 
 ) ) Repurchases of Common Stock ) ) ) Balance, December 2022 ) 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 
 Kontoor Brands, Inc. 2022 Form 10-K 51 

Table of Contents 
 KONTOOR BRANDS, INC. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS: 
 PAGE NUMBER Note 1 Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 
 53 
 Note 2 Revenues 
 58 
 Note 3 Business Segment Information 
 60 
 Note 4 Accounts Receivable 
 62 
 Note 5 Inventories 
 63 
 Note 6 Property, Plant and Equipment 
 63 
 Note 7 Intangible Assets 
 64 
 Note 8 Goodwill 
 64 
 Note 9 Other Assets 
 65 
 Note 10 Short-term Borrowings and Long-term Debt 
 65 
 Note 11 Accrued Liabilities and Other Liabilities 
 68 
 Note 12 Retirement and Savings Benefit Plans 
 68 
 Note 13 Fair Value Measurements 
 70 
 Note 14 Derivative Financial Instruments and Hedging Activities 
 72 
 Note 15 Capital and Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss 
 74 
 Note 16 Stock-Based Compensation 
 76 
 Note 17 Income Taxes 
 79 
 Note 18 Earnings Per Share 
 82 
 Note 19 Leases 
 82 
 Note 20 Commitments 
 84 
 Note 21 Restructuring 
 84 
 Note 22 Subsequent Event 
 85 

Kontoor Brands, Inc. 2022 Form 10-K 52 

Table of Contents 
 KONTOOR BRANDS, INC. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 NOTE 1 

Macroeconomic Environment and Other Recent Developments 
 Macroeconomic conditions, including inflation, rising interest rates, recessionary concerns, distress in global credit markets and foreign currency exchange rates, as well as ongoing supply chain disruptions, labor challenges and the COVID-19 pandemic, continue to adversely impact global economic conditions, as well as the Company's operations. We do not have significant operations in Russia or Ukraine, and exited our distribution arrangement in Russia in 2022. However, the conflict between Russia and Ukraine continues to cause disruption in the surrounding areas and greater uncertainty in the global economy. The Company considered the impact of these developments on the assumptions and estimates used when preparing these annual financial statements including, but not limited to, our allowance for doubtful accounts, inventory valuations, liabilities for variable consideration and contract termination, deferred tax valuation allowances, fair value measurements including asset impairment evaluations, the effectiveness of the Company s hedging instruments and expected compliance with all applicable financial covenants in our Amended Credit Agreement (as defined in Note 10 to the Company's financial statements). These assumptions and estimates may change as new events occur and additional information is obtained regarding the impact of macroeconomic conditions, global supply chain disruptions, labor challenges, COVID-19 and the Russia-Ukraine conflict. Such future changes may have an adverse impact on the Company's results of operations, financial position and liquidity. 
 Foreign currency transaction gains and losses reported in the statements of operations, net of the related hedging gains and losses, were a gain of million in 2022, a loss of million in 2021 and a gain of million in 2020. 
 
 Cash equivalents totaling million and million at December 2022 and 2021, respectively, consist of money market funds and short-term time deposits. 
 
 Kontoor Brands, Inc. 2022 Form 10-K 53 

Table of Contents 
 KONTOOR BRANDS, INC. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

for machinery and equipment and up to years for buildings. Amortization expense for leasehold improvements is recognized over the shorter of the estimated useful life or lease term and is included in depreciation and amortization expense. Repair and maintenance costs are expensed as incurred. 
 Capitalized Computer Software and Cloud Computing Arrangements 
 Expenditures for major software purchases and software developed for internal use, including cloud computing arrangements with software licenses purchased from vendors, are capitalized and amortized on a straight-line basis over periods ranging from five to . The Company's policy provides for the capitalization of external direct costs associated with developing or obtaining internal use computer software. Capitalized computer software costs are included in the balance sheet within "other assets." Costs associated with preliminary project stage activities, training, maintenance and post-implementation stage activities are expensed as incurred. 
 The Company completed its implementation of a new global enterprise resource planning ("ERP") system in 2021. During 2021, the Company capitalized million related to the Company's global ERP implementation and information technology infrastructure build-out, of which million is reflected within "other assets" and million is reflected within "property, plant and equipment, net" at December 2021. 
 
 year estimated useful life. Trademarks and trade names determined to have indefinite lives are not amortized. 
 Kontoor Brands, Inc. 2022 Form 10-K 54 

Table of Contents 
 KONTOOR BRANDS, INC. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 , generally with renewal options. Leases for vehicles and equipment typically have initial terms ranging from one to . 
 The Company determines whether an arrangement is a lease at inception and combines lease and non-lease components as a single component for all asset classes. For leases with a term of 12 months or less, the Company does not recognize a right-of-use asset and related lease liability. 
 Most leases have fixed rentals, with many of the real estate leases requiring additional payments for real estate taxes and occupancy-related costs. Certain of the Company s leases contain fixed, indexed, or market-based escalation clauses which impact future payments. Variable payment provisions, such as contingent rent based on percent of sales or excess mileage over specified levels, are recognized when the liability is probable. The Company's leases typically contain customary covenants and restrictions. Rent expense for leases is recorded on a straight-line basis over the lease term beginning on the lease commencement date, which is the date the underlying asset is made available to the Company, and incorporates the effects of any associated landlord incentives or scheduled rent fluctuations. 
 Lease agreements may include optional renewals, terminations or purchases, which are considered in the Company s assessments of lease terms when such options are reasonably certain to be exercised. For retail real estate leases, the Company does not typically include renewal options in the underlying lease term. For non-retail real estate leases, the Company includes the renewal options in the underlying lease term if renewal options are reasonably certain to be exercised. Renewals for all other leases are determined on a lease-by-lease basis. 

Kontoor Brands, Inc. 2022 Form 10-K 55 

Table of Contents 
 KONTOOR BRANDS, INC. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 million of fixed consideration related to the future minimum guarantees through December 2028. The variable consideration is not disclosed as a remaining performance obligation as the licensing arrangements qualify for the sales-based royalty exemption. Royalty income was included within "net revenues" in the Company's statements of operations and was million, million and million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 Disclosure is required for the aggregate transaction price allocated to performance obligations that are unsatisfied at the end of a reporting period, unless the optional practical expedients are applicable. The Company elected the practical expedients that do not require disclosure of the transaction price allocated to remaining performance obligations for (i) variable consideration related to sales-based royalty arrangements and (ii) contracts with an original expected duration of one year or less. 
 The Company has applied the practical expedient to recognize the incremental costs of obtaining a contract as an expense when incurred if the amortization period of the asset that otherwise would have been recognized is one year or less. 

Advertising and marketing costs are expensed as incurred and totaled million, million and million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Advertising and marketing costs include traditional and digital media, as well as other expenses related to demand creation and internal payroll costs for advertising and marketing employees. Advertising and marketing costs also include cooperative advertising payments made to the Company's customers as reimbursement for their costs of advertising the Company s products, and totaled million, million and million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Shipping and handling costs for delivery of products to customers totaled million, million and million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 Kontoor Brands, Inc. 2022 Form 10-K 56 

Table of Contents 
 KONTOOR BRANDS, INC. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Kontoor Brands, Inc. 2022 Form 10-K 57 

Table of Contents 
 KONTOOR BRANDS, INC. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 and of 2022 net revenues, and the top ten customers accounted for of 2022 net revenues. Sales are typically made on an unsecured basis under customary terms that vary by product, channel of distribution or geographic region. The Company continuously monitors the creditworthiness of its customers and has established internal policies regarding customer credit limits. The Company is not aware of any issues with respect to relationships with any of its top customers. 

NOTE 2 
 
 Kontoor Brands, Inc. 2022 Form 10-K 58 

Table of Contents 
 KONTOOR BRANDS, INC. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 Non-U.S. Wholesale Direct-to-Consumer Total Geographic revenues U.S. International Total 
 Year Ended December 2021 (In thousands) Wrangler Lee Other Total Channel revenues U.S. Wholesale Non-U.S. Wholesale Direct-to-Consumer Other Total Geographic revenues U.S. International Total 
 Year Ended December 2020 (In thousands) Wrangler Lee Other Total Channel revenues U.S. Wholesale Non-U.S. Wholesale Direct-to-Consumer Other Total Geographic revenues U.S. International Total 
 
 Kontoor Brands, Inc. 2022 Form 10-K 59 

Table of Contents 
 KONTOOR BRANDS, INC. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 Contract assets (a) 
 Contract liabilities (b) 
 
 (a) Included within "prepaid expenses and other current assets" in the Company's balance sheets. 
 (b) Included within "accrued liabilities" in the Company's balance sheets. 
 For the year ended December 2022, revenue of million was recognized that was included in contract liabilities as of December 2021. For the year ended December 2021, revenue recognized that was included in contract liabilities as of December 2020 was significant. 
 Performance Obligations 
 As of December 2022, there were no arrangements with any transaction price allocated to remaining performance obligations other than (i) contracts for which the Company has applied the practical expedients and (ii) fixed consideration related to future minimum guarantees. For the year ended December 2022, revenue recognized from performance obligations satisfied, or partially satisfied, in prior periods was not significant. 

NOTE 3 
 reportable segments: 
 Wrangler Wrangler branded denim, apparel, footwear and accessories. 
 Lee Lee branded denim, apparel, footwear and accessories. 
 The Company considers its chief executive officer to be its chief operating decision maker. The chief operating decision maker allocates resources and assesses performance based on the global brand operating results of Wrangler and Lee , which are the Company's operating and reportable segments. 
 In addition, we report an "Other" category in order to reconcile segment revenues and segment profit to the Company's operating results, but the Other category does not meet the criteria to be considered a reportable segment. Other primarily includes sales and licensing of Rock Republic , other company-owned brands and private label apparel. Other also included sales of third-party branded merchandise at company-owned outlet stores through the first quarter of 2021, after which they were discontinued. 
 Accounting policies utilized for internal management reporting at the individual segments are consistent with those included in Note 1 to the Company's financial statements, except as noted below. 
 The Company has allocated costs for certain centralized functions and programs to the Wrangler and Lee segments based on appropriate metrics such as usage or production of net revenues. These centralized functions and programs include, but are not limited to, information technology, human resources, supply chain, insurance and related benefit costs associated with those functions. 
 Corporate and other expenses, including certain restructuring costs, and interest income and expense are not controlled by segment management and therefore are excluded from the measurement of segment profit. 
 Kontoor Brands, Inc. 2022 Form 10-K 60 

Table of Contents 
 KONTOOR BRANDS, INC. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 Lee Total reportable segment revenues Other revenues Total net revenues Segment profit: Wrangler Lee Total reportable segment profit Corporate and other expenses ) ) ) Interest expense ) ) ) Interest income (Loss) profit related to other revenues ) ) Income before income taxes 
 The Company reports accounts receivable and inventories by segment as that information is used by the chief operating decision maker in assessing segment performance. Segment assets included in the "Other accounts receivable and inventories" category represent balances related to other brands and corporate activities, and are provided for purposes of reconciliation. The Company does not report any other assets by segment. Total expenditures for long-lived assets are not disclosed as this information is not regularly provided to the chief operating decision maker at the segment level. 
 Lee Total reportable segment assets Other accounts receivable and inventories Total accounts receivable and inventories Cash and cash equivalents Prepaid expenses and other current assets Property, plant and equipment, net Operating lease assets Goodwill and intangible assets Deferred income tax assets Other assets Total assets 
 
 Kontoor Brands, Inc. 2022 Form 10-K 61 

Table of Contents 
 KONTOOR BRANDS, INC. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 International Total 
 Our largest customer accounted for , and of the Company's total net revenues in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Another customer accounted for , and of total net revenues in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Sales to these two customers are included in both the Wrangler and Lee reportable segments. 
 International Total 

NOTE 4 
 Royalty and other Total accounts receivable Less: allowance for doubtful accounts ) ) Accounts receivable, net 
 Allowance for Doubtful Accounts 
 Provision for expected credit losses Accounts receivable balances written off (1) 
 ) Other (2) 
 ) Balance, December 2021 Provision for expected credit losses ) Accounts receivable balances written off ) Other (2) 
 ) Balance, December 2022 
 (1 Accounts receivable balances written off against the allowance were primarily due to the exit of our India business during 2021. 
 (2) Other primarily includes the impact of foreign currency translation and recoveries of amounts previously written off, none of which were individually significant. 
 Kontoor Brands, Inc. 2022 Form 10-K 62 

Table of Contents 
 KONTOOR BRANDS, INC. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 million of the Company s trade accounts receivable may be sold to the financial institution and remain outstanding at any point in time. The Company removes the sold balances from "accounts receivable, net" in its balance sheet at the time of sale. The Company does not retain any interests in the sold trade accounts receivable but continues to service and collect outstanding trade accounts receivable on behalf of the financial institution. 
 During 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Company sold total trade accounts receivable of million, million and million, respectively. As of December 2022 and December 2021, million and million, respectively, of the sold trade accounts receivable had been removed from the Company's balance sheets but remained outstanding with the financial institution. 
 The funding fees charged by the financial institution for this program are reflected in the Company's statements of operations within "other expense, net" and were million, million and million in 2022 , 2021 and 2020, respectively. Net proceeds of this program are reflected as operating activities in the Company's statements of cash flows. 

NOTE 5 
 Work-in-process Raw materials Total inventories 

NOTE 6 
 Buildings and improvements Machinery and equipment Property, plant and equipment, at cost Less: accumulated depreciation and amortization ) ) Property, plant and equipment, net 
 Depreciation expense was million, million and million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 Refer to Note 13 to the Company's financial statements for information on the related fair value considerations. 

Kontoor Brands, Inc. 2022 Form 10-K 63 

Table of Contents 
 KONTOOR BRANDS, INC. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 NOTE 7 
 years Straight-line Indefinite-lived intangible assets: Trademarks and trade names Intangible assets, net 
 (In thousands) Weighted Average Amortization Period Amortization Method Cost Accumulated Amortization Net Carrying Amount December 2021 Finite-lived intangible assets: Trademarks years Straight-line Indefinite-lived intangible assets: Trademarks and trade names Intangible assets, net 
 Refer to Note 13 to the Company's financial statements for information on the related fair value considerations. 
 Amortization expense was million, million and million for 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 Estimated amortization expense for the next five years is million each year. 

NOTE 8 
 Currency translation ) ) ) Balance, December 2021 Currency translation ) ) ) Balance, December 2022 
 Refer to Note 13 to the Company's financial statements for information on the related fair value considerations. 
 
 Kontoor Brands, Inc. 2022 Form 10-K 64 

Table of Contents 
 KONTOOR BRANDS, INC. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 NOTE 9 
 Capitalized computer software, net of accumulated amortization of in 2022 and in 2021 
 Deposits Partnership stores and shop-in-shop costs, net of accumulated amortization of in 2022 and in 2021 
 Derivative assets (Note 14) Other Total other assets 

NOTE 10 
 million and million, respectively, of international lines of credit with various banks, which are uncommitted and may be terminated at any time by either the Company or the banks. There was million of outstanding balances under these arrangements at December 2022, and outstanding balances at December 2021. In addition, short-term borrowings included other debt of million at both December 2022 and December 2021. 
 Long-term Debt 
 Term Loan A Notes, due 2029 
 Total long-term debt Less: current portion ) Long-term debt, due beyond one year 
 Credit Facilities 
 In May 2019, the Company entered into a billion senior secured credit facility (the "Credit Agreement"). At inception, this facility consisted of a million term loan A facility Term Loan A ), a million term loan B facility Term Loan B and a million revolving credit facility (the Revolving Credit Facility (collectively, the Credit Facilities with the lenders and agents party thereto. 
 On November 18, 2021, the Company completed a refinancing pursuant to which it issued million of Notes (as defined below) and amended and restated its Credit Agreement (the Amended Credit Agreement ). The Amended Credit Agreement provides for (i) a five-year million term loan A facility Amended Term Loan A ), with mandatory repayments beginning in March 2023 and (ii) a five-year million revolving credit facility (the Amended Revolving Credit Facility (collectively, the Amended Credit Facilities with the lenders and agents party thereto. The net proceeds from the offering of the Notes, together with million of cash on hand, were used to repay million of the principal amount outstanding under Term Loan A, and all of the million principal amount outstanding under Term Loan B. 
 On December 12, 2022, the Company executed Amendment No. 1 to the Amended Credit Agreement (the "Amendment"). The Amendment does not change the material terms of the Amended Credit Agreement, other than a change in the benchmark for interest rate determinations from LIBOR to SOFR and other related modifications. 

Kontoor Brands, Inc. 2022 Form 10-K 65 

Table of Contents 
 KONTOOR BRANDS, INC. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 million at both December 2022 and December 2021. These balances are reported net of unamortized deferred financing costs. As of December 2022, interest expense on the Amended Term Loan A was being recorded at an effective annual interest rate of , including the amortization of deferred financing costs and the impact of the Company s interest rate swap. 
 The Amended Revolving Credit Facility may be used to borrow funds in both U.S. dollar and certain non-U.S. dollar currencies, and has a million letter of credit sublimit. As of December 2022, the Company had outstanding borrowings under the Amended Revolving Credit Facility and million of outstanding standby letters of credit issued on behalf of the Company, leaving million available for borrowing against this facility. 
 The interest rate per annum applicable to the Amended Credit Agreement is an interest rate benchmark elected by the Company based on the currency and term of the borrowing plus an applicable margin, as defined therein. 
 The Amended Credit Agreement contains certain affirmative and negative covenants customary for financings of this type that, among other things, limit the ability of the Company and its subsidiaries to incur additional indebtedness or liens, to dispose of assets, to make certain fundamental changes, to designate subsidiaries as unrestricted, to make certain investments, to prepay certain indebtedness and to pay dividends, or to make other distributions or redemptions/repurchases, in respect of the Company and its subsidiaries equity interests. In addition, the Amended Credit Agreement contains financial covenants which require compliance with (i) a total leverage ratio not to exceed to 1.00 as of the last day of any test period, with an allowance for up to elections to increase the limit to to 1.00 in connection with certain material acquisitions, and (ii) a consolidated interest coverage ratio as of the last day of any test period to be no less than to 1.00. The Amended Credit Agreement also contains events of default customary for financings of this type, including certain customary change of control events. As of December 2022, the Company was in compliance with all covenants under the Amended Credit Agreement and expects to maintain compliance with the applicable covenants for at least one year from the issuance of these financial statements. 
 Senior Notes 
 On November 18, 2021, the Company entered into an indenture (the Indenture ), pursuant to which it issued million of unsecured senior notes bearing interest at a fixed rate of per annum (the Notes through a private placement to qualified institutional buyers pursuant to Rule 144A under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), and outside the United States to non-U.S. persons pursuant to Regulation S under the Securities Act. Interest on the Notes is payable in cash in arrears on May 15 and November 15 of each year. 
 The Notes had an outstanding principal amount of million at both December 2022 and December 2021, which is reported net of unamortized deferred financing costs. As of December 2022, interest expense on the Notes was being recorded at an effective annual interest rate of , including the amortization of deferred financing costs. 
 The Notes are guaranteed on a senior unsecured basis by the Company s existing and future domestic subsidiaries (other than certain excluded subsidiaries) that are borrowers under or guarantee the Amended Credit Facilities (as defined below) or certain other indebtedness. The Notes rank pari passu in right of payment with all existing and future senior indebtedness of the Company and the Guarantors and are effectively subordinated to all of the Company s and the Guarantors existing and future secured indebtedness, to the extent of the value of the collateral securing such indebtedness. 
 The Notes mature in November 2029. The Company may redeem all or a portion of the Notes beginning in November 2024 at the redemption prices set forth in the Indenture. Prior to November 2024, the Company may redeem all or a portion of the Notes at a redemption price equal to of the principal amount of the Notes plus the make-whole premium as described in the Indenture together with accrued and unpaid interest, if any, up to, but excluding, the redemption date. The Company may also redeem up to of the original aggregate principal amount of the Notes at any time prior to November 2024 using the net proceeds from certain equity offerings at a redemption price equal to of the principal amount of the Notes together with accrued and unpaid interest, if any, up to, but excluding, the redemption date. In addition, in connection with any tender offer for the Notes, including a change of control offer, if holders of not less than in aggregate principal amount of the Notes validly tender their Notes, the Company or a third party in lieu of the Company would have the right to redeem all Notes that remain outstanding following such tender at a redemption price equal to the price offered to each other holder of the Notes (excluding any early tender or incentive fee) in such tender offer (including a change of control offer) plus, to the extent not included in the tender offer payment (or payment pursuant to the change of control offer), accrued and unpaid interest to, but excluding, the date of redemption. 
 The Indenture governing the Notes contains customary negative covenants for financings of this type that, among other things, limit the ability of the Company and its restricted subsidiaries to incur additional indebtedness or issue certain preferred shares, pay dividends, redeem stock or make other distributions, make certain investments, sell or transfer certain assets, create liens, consolidate, merge, sell or otherwise dispose of all or substantially all of the Company s assets, enter into certain transactions with affiliates and designate subsidiaries as unrestricted subsidiaries. The Indenture does not contain any financial covenants. As of December 2022, the Company was in compliance with the covenants of the Indenture. 
 
 Kontoor Brands, Inc. 2022 Form 10-K 66 

Table of Contents 
 KONTOOR BRANDS, INC. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Less: unamortized deferred financing costs ) Total long-term debt Less: current portion ) Long-term debt, due beyond one year 
 In connection with the Amended Credit Agreement and Notes issuance, the Company capitalized million and million of debt issuance costs, respectively, which are being amortized into net interest expense over their respective terms. During 2021, the Company recorded interest expense of million due to accelerated amortization of the original issue discount and debt issuance costs associated with refinancing and early repayments on our Credit Facilities. 

Kontoor Brands, Inc. 2022 Form 10-K 67 

Table of Contents 
 KONTOOR BRANDS, INC. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 NOTE 11 
 Compensation Other taxes Advertising Derivative liabilities (Note 14) Deferred compensation (Note 12) Restructuring (Note 21) Professional services Income taxes payable Customer deposits Insurance Contract liabilities (Note 2) Other Accrued liabilities 
 The following table presents components of "other liabilities" recorded in the Company's balance sheets: 
 (In thousands) December 2022 December 2021 Deferred compensation (Note 12) Derivative liabilities (Note 14) Income taxes payable Pension liabilities (Note 12) Insurance Other Other liabilities 

NOTE 12 
 Kontoor Brands, Inc. 2022 Form 10-K 68 

Table of Contents 
 KONTOOR BRANDS, INC. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 Curtailments ) Actuarial assumptions used to determine pension expense: Discount rate in effect for determining service cost Rate of inflation Expected long-term return on plan assets Rate of compensation increase 
 (In thousands) December 2022 
 December 2021 
 Amounts included in the balance sheets: Projected benefit obligations Fair value of plan assets Funded status - recorded in other liabilities (Note 11) Accumulated other comprehensive gain (loss), pretax - net deferred amounts ) Actuarial assumptions used to determine pension obligations: Discount rate Rate of compensation increase Accumulated benefit obligations 
 Net pension costs are reflected in the Company's statements of operations primarily within "selling, general and administrative expenses." The Company also recognized a million pension curtailment gain within "other expense, net" in the Company's statements of operations for the year ended December 2022 attributable to employee restructuring in Europe as discussed in Note 21 to the Company's financial statements. Plan assets are invested in group insurance contracts, the fair values of which are provided by the insurance companies (Level 2). Refer to Note 13 to the Company's financial statements for a description of the three levels of the fair value hierarchy. 
 Other Retirement and Savings Plans 
 The Company sponsors a nonqualified retirement savings plan for employees whose contributions to a 401(k) plan would be limited by provisions of the Internal Revenue Code. This plan allows participants to defer a portion of their compensation and to receive matching contributions for a portion of the deferred amounts. Participants earn a return on their deferred compensation based on their selection of a hypothetical portfolio of publicly traded mutual funds. Changes in the fair value of the participants hypothetical investments are recorded as an adjustment to deferred compensation liabilities. Deferred compensation, including accumulated earnings, is distributable in cash at participant-specified dates upon retirement, death, disability or termination of employment. At December 2022, the liability to the Company s participants was million, of which million was recorded in "accrued liabilities" Note 11 and million was recorded in "other liabilities" Note 11 ). At December 2021, the liability to the Company s participants was million, of which million was recorded in "accrued liabilities" Note 11 and million was recorded in "other liabilities" Note 11 ). The Company also sponsors a similar nonqualified plan that permits nonemployee members of the Board of Directors to defer their Board compensation. At December 2022 and December 2021, the Company's liability for this plan was million and million, respectively, all of which was recorded in "other liabilities" Note 11 ). 
 The Company has purchased publicly traded mutual funds in the same amounts as the participant-directed hypothetical investments underlying the employee deferred compensation liabilities. These investment securities and earnings thereon are intended to provide a source of funds to meet the deferred compensation obligations, and serve as an economic hedge of the financial impact of changes in deferred compensation liabilities. They are held in an irrevocable trust but are subject to claims of creditors in the event of the Company's insolvency. Accordingly, at December 2022, the fair value of these investments was million, of which million was recorded in "other current assets" and million was recorded in "other assets" Note 9 ). At December 2021, the fair value of these investments was million, of which million was recorded in "other current assets" and million was recorded in "other assets" Note 9 ). 
 
 Kontoor Brands, Inc. 2022 Form 10-K 69 

Table of Contents 
 KONTOOR BRANDS, INC. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 million in 2022, million in 2021 and million in 2020. 

NOTE 13 
 Time deposits Foreign currency exchange contracts Interest rate swap agreements Investment securities Financial liabilities: Foreign currency exchange contracts Deferred compensation 
 Fair Value Measurement Using (In thousands) Total Fair Value Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 December 2021 Financial assets: Cash equivalents: Money market funds Time deposits Foreign currency exchange contracts Investment securities Financial liabilities: Foreign currency exchange contracts Interest rate swap agreements Deferred compensation 
 Kontoor Brands, Inc. 2022 Form 10-K 70 

Table of Contents 
 KONTOOR BRANDS, INC. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 million compared to a fair value of million. At December 2021, the carrying value of the Company's long-term debt was million compared to a fair value of million. The fair value of long-term debt is a Level 2 estimate based on quoted market prices or values of comparable borrowings. 
 All other financial assets and financial liabilities are recorded in the Company's financial statements at cost. These other financial assets and financial liabilities include cash held as demand deposits, accounts receivable, short-term borrowings, accounts payable, and accrued liabilities. At December 2022 and December 2021, their carrying values approximated fair value due to the short-term nature of these instruments. 
 Nonrecurring Fair Value Measurements 
 Certain non-financial assets, primarily property, plant and equipment, capitalized computer software, operating lease assets and goodwill and intangible assets, are not required to be measured at fair value on a recurring basis and are reported at carrying value. However, these assets are required to be assessed for impairment whenever events or circumstances indicate that the carrying value may not be recoverable, and at least annually for goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets. 
 Finite-lived Intangible Assets Impairment Analysis 
 During the years ended December 2022 and December 2020, no triggering events were identified that required an impairment assessment. 
 During the three months ended December 2021, the Company determined that operating results of the Rock Republic brand were not in line with the projections used in our 2019 impairment analysis of the Rock Republic finite-lived trademark intangible asset. This was considered a triggering event that required management to perform a quantitative impairment analysis of the Rock Republic finite-lived trademark intangible asset. Based on the analysis performed, management concluded that the trademark intangible asset did not require further testing as the undiscounted cash flows exceeded the carrying value. 
 Retail Store Asset Impairment Analysis 
 During the years ended December 2022 and December 2021, the Company assessed retail store assets, including the related operating lease assets, for impairment. No material charges were recorded in either period. 
 During 2020, the Company assessed retail store assets, including the related operating lease assets, for impairment due to retail store closures resulting from COVID-19 as well as the decision to exit certain VF Outlet locations. Based on these analyses, the Company recorded charges of million and million related to the impairment of store operating lease assets and store property, plant and equipment , respectively, during the year ended December 2020 which were reflected within "selling, general and administrative expenses" in the Company's statement of operations. 
 Annual Goodwill and Indefinite-lived Intangible Assets Impairment Analysis 
 Management performed its annual impairment testing of goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets as of the beginning of the fourth quarter for 2022, 2021 and 2020. For all reporting units, we elected to perform a qualitative impairment assessment to determine whether it is more likely than not that the goodwill and indefinite-lived trademark intangible assets in those reporting units were impaired. We considered relevant events and circumstances for each reporting unit, including (i) current year results, (ii) financial performance versus management s annual and five-year strategic plans, (iii) changes in the reporting unit carrying value since prior year, (iv) industry and market conditions in which the reporting unit and indefinite-lived trademark operates, (v) macroeconomic conditions, including discount rate changes and (vi) changes in products or services offered by the reporting unit. If applicable, performance in recent years was compared to forecasts included in prior valuations. 
 Based on results of the qualitative impairment assessment, further testing was not considered necessary and impairment charges of goodwill or indefinite-lived intangible assets were recorded for the years ended December 2022, December 2021 or December 2020. 
 Refer to Part II, Item 7 - Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates for additional discussion regarding fair value measurements. 

Kontoor Brands, Inc. 2022 Form 10-K 71 

Table of Contents 
 KONTOOR BRANDS, INC. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 NOTE 14 
 million at December 2022 and million at December 2021, consisting primarily of contracts hedging exposures to the euro, Mexican peso, Canadian dollar, British pound, Polish zloty and Swedish krona. Foreign currency exchange contracts have maturities up to months. 
 During 2019, the Company entered into "floating to fixed" interest rate swap agreements to mitigate exposure to volatility in reference rates on the Company's future interest payments. The notional amount of the interest rate swap agreements was million and million at December 2022 and December 2021, respectively. In December 2022, the Company amended these agreements to change the applicable interest rate from LIBOR to SOFR. Because these interest rate swap agreements meet the criteria for hedge accounting, all related gains and losses are deferred within accumulated other comprehensive loss ("AOCL") and are being amortized through April 18, 2024. 
 The Company's outstanding derivative financial instruments met the criteria for hedge accounting at the inception of the hedging relationship. At each reporting period, the Company assesses whether the hedging relationships continue to be highly effective in offsetting changes in cash flows of hedged items. If the Company determines that a specific hedging relationship has ceased to be highly effective, it would discontinue hedge accounting. All designated hedging relationships were determined to be highly effective as of December 2022. 
 ) ) Interest rate swap agreements ) Total derivatives ) ) 
 The Company records and presents the fair value of all derivative assets and liabilities in the Company's balance sheets on a gross basis, even though certain derivative contracts are subject to master netting agreements. If the Company were to offset and record the asset and liability balances of its derivative contracts on a net basis in accordance with the terms of its master netting agreements, the amounts presented in the Company's balance sheets would be adjusted from the current gross presentation to the net amounts. 
 ) ) Gross amounts not offset in the balance sheet ) ) Net amounts ) ) 
 Accrued liabilities ) ) Other assets Other liabilities ) ) 
 Kontoor Brands, Inc. 2022 Form 10-K 72 

Table of Contents 
 KONTOOR BRANDS, INC. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 ) Interest rate swap agreements ) Total ) 
 (In thousands) Gain (Loss) Reclassified from AOCL into Income Year Ended December Location of Gain (Loss) 2022 2021 2020 Net revenues ) ) Cost of goods sold ) Other expense, net ) Interest expense ) ) ) Total ) ) 
 Derivative Contracts Not Designated as Hedge s 
 ) Cost of goods sold ) Other expense, net ) Total ) 
 Other Derivative Information 
 During 2020, the Company determined that, due to a reduction in forecasted sales, it was probable that forecasted transactions of certain foreign currency cash flow hedges would no longer occur as originally expected. Accordingly, million of gains related to the ineffective portion of these contracts were reclassified from AOCL into earnings during the year ended December 2020. There were significant amounts recognized in earnings for the ineffective portion of any hedging relationships during 2022 or 2021. 
 million of pre-tax net deferred gains for foreign currency exchange contracts and interest rate swap agreements that are expected to be reclassified to earnings during the next 12 months. The amounts ultimately reclassified to earnings will depend on rates in effect when outstanding derivative contracts are settled. 

Kontoor Brands, Inc. 2022 Form 10-K 73 

Table of Contents 
 KONTOOR BRANDS, INC. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 NOTE 15 
 million of the Company's outstanding Common Stock through open market or privately negotiated transactions. The timing and amount of repurchases are determined by the Company's management based on its evaluation of market conditions, share price, legal requirements and other factors. The Repurchase Program does not have an expiration date but may be suspended, modified or terminated at any time without prior notice. 
 All shares reacquired in connection with the Repurchase Program are treated as authorized and unissued shares upon repurchase. During the years ended December 2022 and December 2021, the Company repurchased million and million shares of Common Stock, respectively, for million and million, respectively, including commissions, under the Repurchase Program. 
 Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss 
 The Company's comprehensive income (loss) consists of net income and specified components of other comprehensive income (loss) ("OCL"), which relate to changes in assets and liabilities that are not included in net income but are instead deferred and accumulated within a separate component of equity in the Company's balance sheets. The Company's comprehensive income (loss) is presented in the Company's statements of comprehensive income.) ) ) Defined benefit pension plans ) ) Derivative financial instruments ) Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) ) 
 Kontoor Brands, Inc. 2022 Form 10-K 74 

Table of Contents 
 KONTOOR BRANDS, INC. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) due to gains (losses) arising before reclassifications ) ) Reclassifications to net income of previously deferred (gains) losses Net other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Income taxes ) Balance, December 2020 ) ) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) due to gains (losses) arising before reclassifications ) ) ) Reclassifications to net income of previously deferred (gains) losses Net other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Income taxes ) ) Balance, December 2021 ) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) due to gains (losses) arising before reclassifications ) Reclassifications to net income of previously deferred (gains) losses ) ) ) Net other comprehensive income (loss) ) Income taxes ) ) ) Balance, December 2022 ) )) ) ) Pension curtailment gains Other expense, net Total before tax ) ) Income taxes Income taxes ) Net of tax ) ) Gains (losses) on derivative financial instruments: Foreign currency exchange contracts Net revenues ) ) Foreign currency exchange contracts Cost of goods sold ) Foreign currency exchange contracts Other expense, net ) Interest rate swap agreements Interest expense ) ) ) Total before tax ) ) Income taxes Income taxes ) Net of tax ) ) Total reclassifications for the period, net of tax ) ) 

Kontoor Brands, Inc. 2022 Form 10-K 75 

Table of Contents 
 KONTOOR BRANDS, INC. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 NOTE 16 
 million shares of Common Stock, plus shares subject to Converted Awards, may be issued under the 2019 Plan. As of December 2022, million shares remained available for future grants. Shares distributed under the 2019 Plan are issued from Kontoor's authorized but unissued Common Stock. As discussed in Note 15 to the Company's financial statements, the Company has a Repurchase Program which allows it to purchase shares on the open market to offset outstanding share dilution caused by awards under equity compensation programs. 
 Substantially all of the Company s outstanding awards are classified as equity awards, which are accounted for within "stockholders equity" in the Company's balance sheets. Compensation cost for all awards expected to vest is recognized over the shorter of the requisite service period or the vesting period, including accelerated recognition for retirement-eligible employees. Awards that do not vest are forfeited. 
 Conversion at Separation 
 We completed a spin-off transaction from VF on May 22, 2019 (the "Separation") and began to trade as a standalone public company on May 23, 2019. Prior to the Separation, certain Company employees participated in the VF amended and restated 1996 Stock Compensation Plan (the "VF Plan"). In accordance with the terms of the Separation, share-based awards granted to Company employees under the VF Plan ("VF Awards") were converted at the time of Separation to options, RSUs, PRSUs and RSAs totaling approximately million shares of Kontoor Common Stock (the "Converted Awards"). Certain stock option and PRSU awards were retained by VF and settled in accordance with their original terms under the VF Plan. 
 Stock-based Compensation Expense 
 For the years ended December 2022, December 2021 and December 2020, stock-based compensation includes expense related to grants under the 2019 Plan including the Converted Awards. For the years ended December 2021 and December 2020, stock-based compensation also includes expense related to grants remaining under the VF Plan. 
 Income tax benefits 
 There were material amounts of stock-based compensation costs included in inventory at December 2022, December 2021 and December 2020. 
 At December 2022, there was million of total unrecognized compensation cost related to all stock-based compensation arrangements that will be recognized over a weighted average period of approximately years. 
 During 2022, there were shares withheld to settle employee tax withholding related to vesting of awards. 
 Restricted Stock Units 
 Kontoor grants RSUs to certain key employees and nonemployee members of the Board of Directors. Each employee RSU entitles the holder to share of Kontoor Common Stock and typically vests over a period. Each RSU granted to a nonemployee member of the Board of Directors vests upon grant and will be settled in share of Kontoor Common Stock from the date of grant. 
 
 Kontoor Brands, Inc. 2022 Form 10-K 76 

Table of Contents 
 KONTOOR BRANDS, INC. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 to shares of Kontoor Common Stock. The number of shares earned by participants, if any, is based on achievement of performance goals ranging from one to as set by the Talent and Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors. Shares earned will be issued to participants following the conclusion of their final performance period, which is typically . Compensation expense for all PRSUs expected to vest is recognized over the shorter of the requisite service period or the vesting period, including accelerated recognition for retirement-eligible employees, when attainment of the performance goal is deemed probable. 
 For PRSUs, the actual number of shares earned may also be adjusted upward or downward by of the target award based on how Kontoor s total shareholder return TSR over a three -year period compares to the TSR for companies included in a Company-selected peer group for the 2022 grants, and the Russell 3000 Index for the 2020 and 2021 grants. The grant date fair value of the TSR-based adjustment was determined using a Monte Carlo simulation technique that incorporates option-pricing model inputs, which was , and per share for 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 Dividend equivalents on the RSUs and PRSUs accumulate during the vesting period, are payable in additional shares of Kontoor Common Stock when the RSUs and PRSUs vest and are subject to the same risk of forfeiture as the RSUs and PRSUs. 
 The grant date fair value of RSUs and PRSUs is equal to the per share fair market value of the underlying Kontoor Common Stock on each grant date. 
 Granted (1) 
 Issued as Common Stock ) ) Forfeited/canceled ) ) Outstanding at December 2022 Vested at December 2022 
 (1) Granted activity includes new awards granted during the year and dividend equivalents for both PRSUs and RSUs, as well as changes due to performance and market condition achievement for PRSUs. 
 During the third quarter of 2020, management concluded that the Company was not probable of achieving the minimum thresholds of the 2020 performance period goals associated with its PRSU awards and recorded a million adjustment to reverse all stock compensation expense previously recorded for these awards. On December 15, 2020, the Talent and Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors modified the 2020 performance goals, which affected approximately shares held by approximately employees. The modified awards had a fair value of per share based on the fair market value of the underlying Kontoor Common Stock on the modification date, and the value of the modified awards was recognized as compensation expense from the modification date through the shorter of the remaining requisite service period or the vesting period, including accelerated recognition for retirement eligible employees, for all vested awards. The total value of the modified awards was million, of which million, million and million was recorded as compensation expense during 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, related to units that vested. 
 The weighted average fair value of PRSUs granted during the years ended December 2022 and December 2021 was and per share, respectively, which was equal to the fair market value of the underlying Kontoor Common Stock on each grant date. 
 The weighted average fair value of RSUs granted during the years ended December 2022 and December 2021 was and per share, respectively, which was equal to the fair market value of the underlying Kontoor Common Stock on each grant date. 
 At December 2022, the fair value of PRSUs and RSUs outstanding was million and million, respectively. 
 
 Kontoor Brands, Inc. 2022 Form 10-K 77 

Table of Contents 
 KONTOOR BRANDS, INC. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 from the grant date. Dividends accumulate in the form of additional RSAs and are subject to the same risk of forfeiture as the RSAs. These awards were converted to Kontoor RSAs at the Separation. They generally have the same terms and conditions as the original awards and are being amortized ratably over the remaining vesting periods. No new RSAs have been granted by the Company subsequent to the Separation. 
 Vested ) Nonvested shares at December 2022 
 The fair value of RSAs that vested during the years ended December 2022 and December 2021 was million and million, respectively. 
 Stock Options 
 Prior to the Separation, VF granted stock options to employees that transferred from VF to the Company with the Separation. All employee stock options were included in the Converted Awards as discussed above except for retirement eligible employees, whose options remained with VF. The adjusted exercise price and outstanding quantities of the Converted Awards are included in the table below and no new stock options have been granted by the Company subsequent to the Separation. 
 Employee stock options vest in equal annual installments over , and compensation cost is recognized ratably over the shorter of the requisite service period or the vesting period, including accelerated recognition for retirement-eligible employees. All options have terms. 
 Exercised ) Forfeited/cancelled ) Outstanding at December 2022 Exercisable at December 2022 
 The total fair value of stock options that vested during 2022 was t significant. The total fair value of stock options that vested during 2021 was million. The total intrinsic value of stock options exercised during 2022 and 2021 was million and million, respectively. 
 
 Kontoor Brands, Inc. 2022 Form 10-K 78 

Table of Contents 
 KONTOOR BRANDS, INC. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 NOTE 17 
 Foreign Income before income taxes 
 ) Foreign State ) Total current income taxes Deferred: Federal and state ) Foreign ) Total deferred income taxes Total provision for income taxes 
 State income tax, net of federal tax benefit Foreign rate differences ) ) ) Tax reform ) Employee compensation ) Adjustments to opening balances ) Change in valuation allowance Global intangible low-tax income ("GILTI") 
 Other ) Income taxes 
 Foreign rate differences include tax benefits of million, million and million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, from statutorily exempt foreign income. 
 On January 17, 2020, the Swiss canton of Ticino formally adopted The Federal Act on Tax and AVS Financing Swiss Tax Act ). Revaluation of deferred income tax asset and liability positions under the Swiss Tax Act had a one-time impact to tax expense of million in 2020. During the year ended December 2022, the Company changed the tax jurisdiction for one of its subsidiaries from the Swiss canton of Ticino to Geneva. This required a revaluation of deferred income tax asset and liability positions, resulting in million of tax expense in 2022. 
 
 Kontoor Brands, Inc. 2022 Form 10-K 79 

Table of Contents 
 KONTOOR BRANDS, INC. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 Deferred compensation Other employee benefits Stock-based compensation Other accrued expenses Intangible assets Leases Operating loss carryforwards Gross deferred income tax assets Less: valuation allowance ) ) Net deferred income tax assets Deferred income tax liabilities: Leases Depreciation Taxes on unremitted earnings Deferred income tax liabilities Total net deferred income tax assets Amounts included in the balance sheets: Deferred income tax assets Deferred income tax liabilities ) ) 
 At the end of 2022, the Company is asserting indefinite reinvestment on foreign earnings totaling million. The Company has determined the unrecorded deferred tax liability associated with the million basis difference is approximately million, primarily related to withholding taxes. 
 The Company has million of potential tax benefits for foreign operating loss carryforwards, million of which will expire between 2023 and 2031, and foreign tax credit carryforwards of million that will expire between 2030 and 2032. In addition, there are million of potential tax benefits for state operating loss and credit carryforwards, million of which expire between 2023 and 2042. 
 A valuation allowance has been provided where it is more likely than not that deferred tax assets related to operating loss carryforwards will not be realized. Valuation allowances totaled million for available foreign operating loss carryforwards, million for available state operating loss and credit carryforwards, and million for other foreign deferred income tax assets. During 2022, the Company recorded a tax benefit due to a million decrease in valuation allowances related to state operating loss and credit carryforwards as well as other state deferred income tax assets, and a million net increase in valuation allowances related to current year foreign operating losses and other deferred income tax assets, inclusive of foreign currency effects. 
 Kontoor Brands, Inc. 2022 Form 10-K 80 

Table of Contents 
 KONTOOR BRANDS, INC. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 Additions for current year tax positions Additions for prior year tax positions Reductions for prior year tax positions ) ) ) Reductions due to statute expirations ) ) ) Payments in settlement ) ) Balance, December 2020 Additions for current year tax positions Additions for prior year tax positions Reductions for prior year tax positions ) ) ) Balance, December 2021 Additions for current year tax positions Additions for prior year tax positions Reductions for prior year tax positions ) ) Reductions due to statute expirations ) ) ) Balance, December 2022 
 Less: deferred tax benefits ) ) Total unrecognized tax benefits 
 The unrecognized tax benefits of million at the end of 2022, if recognized, would reduce the annual effective tax rate. 
 million within the next 12 months due to expiration of statutes of limitations, all of which would reduce income tax expense. 

Kontoor Brands, Inc. 2022 Form 10-K 81 

Table of Contents 
 KONTOOR BRANDS, INC. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 NOTE 18 
 Basic weighted average shares outstanding Dilutive effect of stock-based awards Diluted weighted average shares outstanding Earnings per share: Basic earnings per share Diluted earnings per share 
 For the years ended December 2022 and December 2021, an immaterial number of shares were excluded from the dilutive earnings per share calculations because the effect of their inclusion would have been anti-dilutive. A total of million shares related to stock-based awards were excluded from the diluted earnings per share calculation for the year ended December 2020 because the effect of their inclusion would have been anti-dilutive. 
 For the years ended December 2022, December 2021 and December 2020, a total of million, million and million shares of PRSUs, respectively, were excluded from the calculations of diluted earnings per share as the units were not considered to be contingent outstanding shares. 

NOTE 19 
 Total lease assets Liabilities Operating lease liabilities, current Operating lease liabilities, noncurrent Total lease liabilities Weighted-average remaining lease term (in years) Operating leases Weighted-average discount rate Operating leases 
 Kontoor Brands, Inc. 2022 Form 10-K 82 

Table of Contents 
 KONTOOR BRANDS, INC. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 Short-term lease costs (excluding leases of one month or less) Variable lease costs Total lease costs 
 Other information 
 Right-of-use operating lease assets obtained in exchange for new operating leases - non-cash activity 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total future minimum lease payments Less: amounts related to imputed interest ) Present value of future minimum lease payments Less: operating lease liabilities, current Operating lease liabilities, noncurrent 
 As of December 2022, the Company had entered into any operating lease arrangements that had not yet commenced. The Company continuously monitors and may negotiate contract amendments that include extensions or modifications to existing leases. 
 Refer to Note 13 to the Company's financial statements for additional information on the related fair value measurements. 

Kontoor Brands, Inc. 2022 Form 10-K 83 

Table of Contents 
 KONTOOR BRANDS, INC. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 NOTE 20 
 million and million for 2023 and 2024, respectively. There are currently contractual payments due beyond 2024. 
 In the ordinary course of business, the Company has entered into purchase commitments for raw materials, contract production and finished products. These agreements typically range from one to in duration and will require total payments of million in 2023. 
 The Company has entered into commitments for (i) service and maintenance agreements related to management information systems, (ii) capital spending and (iii) advertising. Future payments under these agreements are million, million, million, million and million for 2023 through 2027, respectively. There are currently payments due beyond 2027. 
 Surety bonds, customs bonds, standby letters of credit and international bank guarantees, all of which represent contingent guarantees of performance under self-insurance and other programs, totaled million as of December 2022. These commitments would only be drawn upon if the Company were to fail to meet related claims or other obligations. 

NOTE 21 
 million of restructuring charges recognized during the year ended December 2022 were reflected within "selling, general and administrative expenses," and related to the EMEA restructuring. The Company also recognized a million pension curtailment gain within "other expense, net" during the year ended December 2022 attributable to employee restructuring in EMEA. Refer to Note 12 to the Company's financial statements for additional information related to pension charges. All of the million of restructuring charges recognized during the year ended December 2021 were reflected within "selling, general and administrative expenses," and primarily related to previously approved initiatives. Of the million of restructuring charges recognized during the year ended December 2020, million were reflected within "selling, general and administrative expenses" and million within "cost of goods sold." 
 All of the million restructuring accrual reported in the Company's balance sheet at December 2022 is expected to be paid out within the next 12 months and is classified within "accrued liabilities." All of the million total restructuring accrual reported in the Company's balance sheet at December 2021 was classified within "accrued liabilities." 
 Asset impairments Inventory write-downs Pension curtailment gain ) Other Total restructuring charges 
 Kontoor Brands, Inc. 2022 Form 10-K 84 

Table of Contents 
 KONTOOR BRANDS, INC. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 Lee Corporate and other Total 
 Charges Cash payments ) Adjustments to accruals Currency translation Accrual at December 2021 Charges Cash payments ) Adjustments to accruals Currency translation Accrual at December 2022 

NOTE 22 
 per share of the Company's Common Stock. The cash dividend will be payable on March 20, 2023, to shareholders of record at the close of business on March 10, 2023. 

Kontoor Brands, Inc. 2022 Form 10-K 85 

Table of Contents 

 Valuation allowance for deferred income tax assets (b) 
 Year ended December 2021 Allowance for doubtful accounts (a) 
 Valuation allowance for deferred income tax assets (b) 
 ) Year ended December 2022 Allowance for doubtful accounts (a) 
 ) Valuation allowance for deferred income tax assets (b) 
 ) 
 (a) Deductions include accounts written off, net of recoveries, and the effects of foreign currency translation. 
 (b) Amounts charged to costs and expenses relate to circumstances where it is more likely than not that deferred income tax assets will not be realized as well as the effects of foreign currency translation. 
 Kontoor Brands, Inc. 2022 Form 10-K 86 

<EX-10.41>
 2
 kontoor2022ex1041amendme.htm
 EX-10.41

kontoor2022ex1041amendme 

EXECUTION VERSION AMENDMENT NO. 1 TO AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT THIS AMENDMENT NO. 1 (this Agreement ), dated as of December 12, 2022, is entered into among KONTOOR BRANDS, INC., a North Carolina corporation (the Company ), KONTOOR INTERNATIONAL SAGL, a Societ a Garanzia Limitata organized under the laws of Switzerland and a Subsidiary of the Company Kontoor International ), the Guarantors party to this Agreement, the Lenders party to this Agreement and JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., as administrative agent (in such capacity, the Administrative Agent and collateral agent. RECITALS WHEREAS, the Company, Kontoor International, the Lenders from time to time party thereto and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent, are party to the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of November 18, 2021 (as amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time prior to the date hereof, the Credit Agreement WHEREAS, certain loans, commitments and/or other extensions of credit (the Loans under the Credit Agreement denominated in Dollars (the Affected Currency incur or are permitted to incur interest, fees or other amounts based on the London Interbank Offered Rate as administered by the ICE Benchmark Administration LIBOR in accordance with the terms of the Credit Agreement; WHEREAS, the Administrative Agent, the Borrowers and the Lenders party hereto comprising the requisite Lenders have determined in accordance with the Credit Agreement that LIBOR for the Affected Currency should be replaced as further set forth in Exhibit A to this Agreement for all purposes under the Credit Agreement and any Loan Document and such parties hereby agree that such changes shall become effective on the Amendment Effective Date (as defined below); and WHEREAS, in connection with the foregoing and in accordance with the terms of the Credit Agreement, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in this Agreement, the Administrative Agent, the requisite Lenders and the Borrowers have agreed to the amendments set forth in Exhibit A to this Agreement. NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and the mutual covenants contained herein, and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto agree as follows: 1. Defined Terms. Capitalized terms used herein but not defined herein shall have the meanings ascribed to them in the Credit Agreement, as amended by this Agreement. 2. Agreement. The Credit Agreement is hereby amended to delete the stricken text (indicated textually in the same manner as the following example: stricken text) and to add the double- underlined text (indicated textually in the same manner as the following example: double-underlined text) as set forth in the pages attached as Exhibit A to this Agreement. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, any Loans denominated in Dollars outstanding on the Amendment Effective Date that are not ABR Loans shall continue to bear interest at the rate applicable to such Loans and in effect immediately prior to the Amendment Effective Date until the end of the Interest Period applicable to such Loans, at which time such Loans shall be converted to either Term Benchmark Loans that bear interest at a rate determined by reference to the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate or ABR Loans in accordance with Section 2.14 of the Credit Agreement, as amended by this Agreement (and assuming for such purpose that such Loans are a Type that may be converted to Term Benchmark Loans that bear interest at Exhibit 10.41 

2 a rate determined by reference to the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate in accordance with Section 2.14 of the Credit Agreement, as amended by this Agreement). 3. Payment of Expenses. The Company agrees to reimburse the Administrative Agent for all reasonable and invoiced fees, charges and disbursements of the Administrative Agent in connection with the preparation, execution and delivery of this Agreement, including all reasonable and invoiced fees, charges and disbursements of counsel to the Administrative Agent, as set forth in Section 10.5 of the Credit Agreement. 4. Conditions Precedent. The effectiveness of this Agreement is subject to the satisfaction of the following condition (the date of the satisfaction of such condition, the Amendment Effective Date ): The Administrative Agent (or its counsel) shall have received from each of the Company, Kontoor International, each other Guarantor and the Lenders comprising all the Lenders immediately prior to the Amendment Effective Date either (x) a counterpart of this Agreement signed on behalf of such party or (y) written evidence reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent (which may include delivery of a signed signature page of this Agreement by facsimile or other means of electronic transmission (e.g., pdf )) that such party has signed a counterpart of this Agreement. 5. Representations and Warranties. Each Loan Party represents and warrants to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders that, as of the date hereof: (a) Each Loan Party has the corporate or other organizational power and authority, and the legal right, to make, deliver and perform this Agreement. Each Loan Party has taken all necessary corporate or other organizational action to authorize the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement. No consent or authorization of, filing with, notice to or other act by or in respect of, any Governmental Authority or any other Person is required in connection with this Agreement or the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or with the execution, delivery, performance, validity or enforceability of this Agreement except where the failure to obtain such consent or authorization, or failure to file or provide notice would not, in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. This Agreement has been duly executed and delivered on behalf of each Loan Party. This Agreement constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation of each Loan Party, enforceable against each Loan Party in accordance with its terms, except as enforceability may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors rights generally and by general equitable principles (whether enforcement is sought by proceedings in equity or at law). (b) The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement will not violate (i) the Certificate of Incorporation and By-Laws or other organizational or governing documents of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or (ii) any other Requirement of Law or any Contractual Obligation of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries and will not result in, or require, the creation or imposition of any Lien on any of their respective properties or revenues pursuant to any Requirement of Law or any such Contractual Obligation (other than the Liens created by the Security Documents), except to the extent, in this clause (ii), such violation would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. (c) Each of the representations and warranties made by any Loan Party in or pursuant to the Loan Documents is true and correct in all material respects (and in all respects if any such representation and warranty is qualified by materiality) on and as of the Amendment Effective Date as if made on and as of the Amendment Effective Date (except to the extent any such representation and warranty expressly relates to an earlier date, in which case it was true and 

3 correct in all material respects (and in all respects if any such representation and warranty is qualified by materiality) as of such earlier date). (d) At the time of and immediately after effectiveness of this Agreement, no Default shall have occurred and be continuing. 6. Reaffirmation; Reference to and Effect on the Loan Documents. (a) From and after the Amendment Effective Date, each reference in the Credit Agreement to hereunder, hereof, this Agreement or words of like import and each reference in the other Loan Documents to Credit Agreement, thereunder, thereof or words of like import shall, unless the context otherwise requires, mean and be a reference to the Credit Agreement as amended by this Agreement. This Agreement is a Loan Document. (b) The Loan Documents, including the Credit Agreement as amended by this Agreement, and the obligations of the Borrowers and the Guarantors under the Loan Documents, are hereby ratified and confirmed and shall remain in full force and effect according to their terms. (c) Each Loan Party hereby (i) acknowledges receipt of a copy of this Agreement, (ii) consents to this Agreement and each of the transactions contemplated hereby, (iii) confirms its respective guarantees, pledges, grants of security interests and other obligations, as applicable, under and subject to the terms (and subject to the limitations and restrictions) of each of Security Documents and any other Loan Documents (collectively, the Reaffirmed Documents to which it is party, and (iv) agrees that, notwithstanding the effectiveness of this Agreement or any of the transactions contemplated hereby, such guarantees, pledges, grants of security interests and other obligations, and the terms of each of the Reaffirmed Documents to which it is a party, are not impaired or adversely affected in any manner whatsoever and shall continue to be in full force and effect and, subject to the limitations and restrictions of each of the Reaffirmed Documents to which it is party, shall continue to secure all Secured Obligations (as defined in the Collateral Agreement) and guarantee all Primary Obligations (as defined in the Guarantee Agreement), each as amended, restated, amended and restated, increased and/or extended from time to time, including, without limitation, the Loans, the Revolving Commitments and each other Obligation. (d) The execution, delivery and effectiveness of this Agreement shall not, except as expressly provided herein, operate as a waiver of any right, power or remedy of any Lender or the Administrative Agent under any of the Loan Documents, nor constitute a waiver of any provision of any of the Loan Documents. (e) In the event of any conflict between the terms of this Agreement and the terms of the Credit Agreement or the other Loan Documents, the terms hereof shall control. 7. Governing Law; Jurisdiction; Consent to Service of Process; Waiver of Jury Trial, Etc. Sections 10.11, 10.12 and 10.16 of the Credit Agreement shall apply to this Agreement and are hereby incorporated by reference herein, mutatis mutandis. 8. Amendments; Headings; Severability. This Agreement may not be amended nor may any provision hereof be waived except pursuant to a writing signed by each of the parties hereto. The Section headings used herein are for convenience of reference only, are not part of this Agreement and are not to affect the construction of, or to be taken into consideration in interpreting this Agreement. Any provision of this Agreement that is prohibited or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, as to such jurisdiction, be 

4 ineffective to the extent of such prohibition or unenforceability without invalidating the remaining provisions hereof, and any such prohibition or unenforceability in any jurisdiction shall not invalidate or render unenforceable such provision in any other jurisdiction. 9. Execution in Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed by one or more of the parties to this Agreement on any number of separate counterparts, and all of said counterparts taken together shall be deemed to constitute one and the same instrument. Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page of (x) this Agreement and/or (y) any Ancillary Document that is an Electronic Signature transmitted by telecopy, emailed pdf. or any other electronic means that reproduces an image of an actual executed signature page shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this Agreement or such Ancillary Document, as applicable. The words execution, signed, signature, delivery, and words of like import in or relating to this Agreement and/or any Ancillary Document shall be deemed to include Electronic Signatures, electronic deliveries or the keeping of records in any electronic form (including deliveries by telecopy, emailed pdf. or any other electronic means that reproduces an image of an actual executed signature page), each of which shall be of the same legal effect, validity or enforceability as a manually executed signature, physical delivery thereof or the use of a paper-based recordkeeping system, as the case may be; provided that, without limiting the foregoing, (i) to the extent the Administrative Agent has agreed to accept any Electronic Signature, the Administrative Agent and each of the Lenders shall be entitled to rely on such Electronic Signature purportedly given by or on behalf of any Borrower or any other Loan Party without further verification thereof and without any obligation to review the appearance or form of any such Electronic Signature and (ii) upon the request of the Administrative Agent or any Lender, any Electronic Signature shall be promptly followed by a manually executed counterpart. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, each Borrower and each Loan Party hereby (A) agrees that, for all purposes, including without limitation, in connection with any workout, restructuring, enforcement of remedies, bankruptcy proceedings or litigation among the Administrative Agent, the Lenders, the Borrowers and the Loan Parties, Electronic Signatures transmitted by telecopy, emailed pdf. or any other electronic means that reproduces an image of an actual executed signature page and/or any electronic images of this Agreement, any other Loan Document and/or any Ancillary Document shall have the same legal effect, validity and enforceability as any paper original and (B) the Administrative Agent and each of the Lenders may, at its option, create one or more copies of this Agreement and/or any Ancillary Document in the form of an imaged electronic record in any format, which shall be deemed created in the ordinary course of such Person s business, and destroy the original paper document (and all such electronic records shall be considered an original for all purposes and shall have the same legal effect, validity and enforceability as a paper record). 10. Notices. All notices hereunder shall be given in accordance with the provisions of Section 10.2 of the Credit Agreement. [remainder of page intentionally left blank] 

[Kontoor Brands, Inc. Credit Agreement Signature Page to Amendment No. 1] JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., as Administrative Agent, Collateral Agent, a Tranche A Term Lender, a Revolving Lender, an Issuing Lender and Swingline Lender, By: Name: Antje Focke Title: Executive Director 

[Kontoor Brands, Inc. Credit Agreement Signature Page to Amendment No. 1] Bank of America, N.A. as a Tranche A Term Lender, Revolving Lender and an Issuing Lender By: Name: Title: Michelle L. Walker Vice President 

HSBC Bank USA, N.A., as a Revolving Lender and an Issuing Lender, By: Name: Andrew Wul( Title: Senior Vice President [Kontoor Brands, Inc. Credit Agreement Signature Page to Amendment No. 1] 

[Kontoor Brands, Inc. Credit Agreement Signature Page to Amendment No. 1] WELLS FARGO BANK, N.A., as a Tranche A Term Lender, a Revolving Lender and an Issuing Lender, By: Name: Carl Hinrichs Title: Director 

[Kontoor Brands, Inc. Credit Agreement Signature Page to Amendment No. 1] Barclays Bank PLC as a Tranche A Term Lender, a Revolving Lender and an Issuing Lender, By: Name: Title: DocuSign Envelope ID: 806F4C30-0086-4802-A3BB-2C911A4F5E79 Warren Veech III Vice President 

By: PNC Bank, National Association, as a Tranche A Term Lender and a Revolving Lender and an Issuing Lender, Name: Michael Bruschi Title: Vice President [Kontoor Brands, Inc. Credit Agreement Signature Page to Amendment No. 1] 

[Kontoor Brands, Inc. Credit Agreement Signature Page to Amendment No. 1] BNP Paribas, as a Tranche A Term Lender and a Revolving Lender, By: Name: Emma Petersen Title: Managing Director By: Name: Michael Pearce Title: Managing Director 

[Kontoor Brands, Inc. Credit Agreement Signature Page to Amendment No. 1] Citibank, N.A., as a Tranche A Term Lender and a Revolving Lender By: Name: Jason Boera Title: Authorized Signor 

[Kontoor Brands, Inc. Credit Agreement Signature Page to Amendment No. 1] ING Bank N.V., Dublin Branch as a Tranche A Term Lender and a Revolving Lender. By: Name: Cormac Langford Title: Director By: Name: Louise Gough Title: Vice President 

[Kontoor Brands, Inc. Credit Agreement Signature Page to Amendment No. 1] Confidential SANTANDER BANK, N.A., as a Tranche A Term Lender and a Revolving Lender, By: Name: Title: Managing Director Irv Roa 

[Kontoor Brands, Inc. Credit Agreement Signature Page to Amendment No. 1] Goldman Sachs Bank USA, as a Revolving Lender, By: Name: Keshia Leday Title: Authorized Signatory 

[Kontoor Brands, Inc. Credit Agreement Signature Page to Amendment No. 1] TD Bank, NA, as a Tranche A Term Lender and a Revolving Lender, By: Name: Beth Cameron Title: Vice President 

[Kontoor Brands, Inc. Credit Agreement Signature Page to Amendment No. 1] U.S. Bank National Association, as a Tranche A Term Lender and a Revolving Lender By: Name: Mark D. Rodgers Title: Vice President 

[Kontoor Brands, Inc. Credit Agreement Signature Page to Amendment No. 1] By: Mike Kelly Name: Mike Kelly The Huntington National Bank, as a Tranche A Term Lender and a Revolving Lender Title: V.P 

[Kontoor Brands, Inc. Credit Agreement Signature Page to Amendment No. 1] Strictly Confidential KBC BANK, N.V., as a Tranche A Term Lender, a Revolving Lender, By: Name: Wesley Eggermont Title: Director By: _____________________________________ Name: Francis Payne Title: Managing Director 

By: Name: John Fi Title: SVP Commercial Corporate Banking First National Bank, as a Tranche A Term Lender and a Revolving Lender [Signature Page to Credit Agreement] 

Pinnacle Bank, as a Tranche A Term Lender, By: /l4 4 Name: Max N Greer III Title: Senior Vice President [Kontoor Brands, Inc. Credit Agreement Signature Page to Amendment No, 1] 

By: Name: Martin Green First Horizon Bank as a Tranche A Term Lender, Title: SVP [Kontoor Brands, Inc. Credit Agreement Signature Page to Amendment No. 1] 

Exhibit A (Attached hereto) 

EXECUTION VERSIONEXHIBIT A TO AMENDMENT NO. 1 AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT among KONTOOR BRANDS, INC., KONTOOR INTERNATIONAL SAGL, Other Subsidiary Borrowers from Time to Time Parties Hereto, The Several Lenders from Time to Time Parties Hereto, and JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., as Administrative Agent Dated as of November 18, 2021 JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., BARCLAYS BANK PLC, BOFA SECURITIES, INC., HSBC SECURITIES INC. and WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as Joint Lead Arrangers and Joint Bookrunners BNP PARIBAS, CITIBANK, N.A., ING BANK N.V., DUBLIN BRANCH, PNC BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, SANTANDER BANK, N.A. and TRUIST BANK, as Co-Documentation Agents, BARCLAYS BANK PLC, BOFA SECURITIES, INC., HSBC SECURITIES INC. and WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as Co-Syndication Agents 4877-1242-0416 

TABLE OF CONTENTS PAGE SECTION 1. DEFINITIONS 16 1.1. Defined Terms 16 1.2. Other Definitional Provisions 5761 1.3. Currency Conversion 5862 1.4. Terms Generally; Pro Forma Calculations 5862 1.5. Swiss terms 6165 1.6. Interest Rates; LIBORBenchmark Notification 6165 SECTION 2. AMOUNT AND TERMS OF LOANS AND COMMITMENTS 6266 2.1. [Reserved] 6266 2.2. [Reserved] 6266 2.3. Tranche A Term Commitments 6366 2.4. Procedure for Tranche A Term Loan Borrowing 6366 2.5. Repayment of Term Loans 6367 2.6. Revolving Commitments 6467 2.7. Procedure for Revolving Loan Borrowing 6568 2.8. Swingline Commitments 6669 2.9. Procedure for Swingline Borrowing; Refunding of Swingline Loans 6670 2.10. Commitment Fees, etc 6771 2.11. Termination or Reduction of Revolving Commitments 6871 2.12. Optional Prepayments 6871 2.13. Mandatory Prepayments 6972 2.14. Conversion and Continuation Options 7074 2.15. Limitations on Term Benchmark Borrowings 7175 2.16. Interest Rates and Payment Dates 7275 2.17. Computation of Interest and Fees 7377 2.18. Alternate Rate of Interest 7477 2.19. Pro Rata Treatment and Payments 7781 2.20. Requirements of Law 7982 2.21. Taxes 8185 2.22. Indemnity 8589 2.23. Change of Lending Office 8690 2.24. Replacement of Lenders 8690 2.25. Foreign Currency Exchange Rate 8791 2.26. Extension of the Facilities 8791 2.27. Incremental Loan Extensions 9094 2.28. Defaulting Revolving Lenders 9498 2.29. Designation of Subsidiary Borrowers 97100 2.30. Refinancing Facilities 98102 SECTION 3. LETTERS OF CREDIT 99103 3.1. L/C Commitments 99103 3.2. Procedure for Issuance of Letter of Credit 100103 3.3. Fees and Other Charges 100104 i 4877-1242-0416 

3.4. L/C Participations 100104 3.5. Reimbursement Obligation of the Borrowers 101105 3.6. Obligations Absolute 102105 3.7. Letter of Credit Payments 102106 3.8. Applications 103107 3.9. Provisions Related to Letters of Credit in Respect of Extended Revolving Commitments 103107 SECTION 4. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 103107 4.1. Financial Condition 103107 4.2. No Change 104107 4.3. Existence; Compliance with Law 104107 4.4. Power; Authorization; Enforceable Obligations 104108 4.5. No Legal Bar 104108 4.6. Litigation 104108 4.7. No Default 105108 4.8. Ownership of Property 105109 4.9. Intellectual Property 105109 4.10. Taxes 105109 4.11. Compliance with Swiss Non-Bank Rules 105109 4.12. Federal Regulations 105109 4.13. Labor Matters 106109 4.14. ERISA 106109 4.15. Investment Company Act; Other Regulations 106110 4.16. Subsidiaries 106110 4.17. Use of Proceeds 106110 4.18. Environmental Matters 106110 4.19. Accuracy of Information, etc 107111 4.20. Security Documents 107111 4.21. Solvency 108112 4.22. Anti-Corruption Laws and Sanctions 108112 4.23. Affected Financial Institutions 108112 SECTION 5. CONDITIONS PRECEDENT 108112 5.1. Conditions to the Closing Date 108112 5.2. Conditions to Each Extension of Credit 110114 SECTION 6. AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS 110114 6.1. Financial Statements 111114 6.2. Certificates; Other Information 111115 6.3. Payment of Taxes 112116 6.4. Maintenance of Existence; Compliance 112116 6.5. Maintenance of Property; Insurance 112116 6.6. Inspection of Property; Books and Records; Discussions 112116 6.7. Notices 113117 6.8. Environmental Laws 113117 6.9. Additional Collateral, etc 113117 6.10. Designation of Subsidiaries 115119 ii 4877-1242-0416 

6.11. Post-Closing Real Estate Deliverables 116120 6.12. Post-Closing Obligations 117121 6.13. Maintenance of Ratings 117121 SECTION 7. NEGATIVE COVENANTS 117121 7.1. Financial Condition Covenants 118122 7.2. Indebtedness 118122 7.3. Liens 122126 7.4. Fundamental Changes 126130 7.5. Disposition of Property 127131 7.6. Restricted Payments 130134 7.7. [Reserved] 132136 7.8. Investments 132136 7.9. [Reserved] 136140 7.10. Transactions with Affiliates 136140 7.11. Sales and Leasebacks 137141 7.12. Changes in Fiscal Periods 138142 7.13. Negative Pledge Clauses 138142 7.14. Lines of Business 139143 7.15. Optional Payments and Modifications of Subordinated Indebtedness 139143 7.16. Use of Proceeds 140144 SECTION 8. EVENTS OF DEFAULT 141145 SECTION 9. THE AGENTS 143147 9.1. Appointment 143147 9.2. Delegation of Duties 144148 9.3. Exculpatory Provisions 144148 9.4. Reliance by Administrative Agent 144148 9.5. Notice of Default 145149 9.6. Non-Reliance on Agents and Other Lenders; Acknowledgements of Lenders and Issuing Lenders 145149 9.7. Indemnification 147151 9.8. Agent in Its Individual Capacity 147151 9.9. Successor Administrative Agent 148152 9.10. Certain ERISA Matters 148152 9.11. Agents 149153 9.12. Credit Bidding 149153 SECTION 10. MISCELLANEOUS 150154 10.1. Amendments and Waivers 150154 10.2. Notices 152156 10.3. No Waiver; Cumulative Remedies 152156 10.4. Survival of Representations and Warranties 152156 10.5. Expenses; Limitation of Liability; Indemnity, Etc. 153157 10.6. Successors and Assigns; Participations and Assignments 154158 10.7. Adjustments; Set-off 159163 10.8. Counterparts; Effectiveness; Electronic Execution 159163 iii 4877-1242-0416 

10.9. Severability 160164 10.10. Integration 160164 10.11. GOVERNING LAW 160164 10.12. Submission To Jurisdiction; Waivers 160164 10.13. [Reserved] 161165 10.14. Releases of Guarantees and Liens 162166 10.15. Confidentiality 162166 10.16. WAIVERS OF JURY TRIAL 164168 10.17. Patriot Act 164168 10.18. No Fiduciary Duty 164168 10.19. Usury 164168 10.20. Acknowledgement and Consent to Bail-In of Affected Financial Institutions 165169 10.21. Conversion of Currencies 165169 10.22. Separate Obligations 166170 10.23. Several Obligations 166170 10.24. MIRE Events 166170 10.25. Acknowledgement Regarding Any Supported QFCs 166170 10.26. No Novation 167171 SCHEDULES: 1.1A Commitments 1.1B Mortgaged Property 1.1C Existing Letters of Credit 1.1D Permitted Cash Pooling Agreements 1.1E Loan Parties 1.1F Excluded Subsidiary 4.1 Material Obligations 4.4 Consents, Authorizations, Filings and Notices 4.16 Subsidiaries 4.20(a) Financing Statements/Filing Offices 4.20(b) Mortgage Filing Jurisdictions 6.12 Post-Closing Obligations 7.2(d) Existing Indebtedness 7.3(f) Existing Liens 7.3(m) Existing Receivables Financing/ Existing Supply Chain Financing 7.5 Dispositions 7.8(h) Existing Investments 7.10 Transactions with Affiliates 7.13 Negative Pledge EXHIBITS: A-1 Form of Guarantee Agreement A-2 Form of Collateral Agreement iv 4877-1242-0416 

B Form of Compliance Certificate C Form of Legal Opinions D Form of Joinder Agreement E Form of Assignment and Assumption F-1 Form of U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate (For Non-U.S. Lenders That Are Not Partnerships For U.S. Federal Income Tax Purposes) F-2 Form of U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate (For Non-U.S. Participants That Are Partnerships For U.S. Federal Income Tax Purposes) F-3 Form of U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate (For Non-U.S. Participants That Are Not Partnerships For U.S. Federal Income Tax Purposes) F-4 Form of U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate (For Non-U.S. Lenders That Are Partnerships For U.S. Federal Income Tax Purposes) G Form of Solvency Certificate H Form of Administrative Questionnaire v 4877-1242-0416 

AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT, dated as of November 18, 2021, among KONTOOR BRANDS, INC., a North Carolina corporation (the Company ), KONTOOR INTERNATIONAL SAGL, a Societ a Garanzia Limitata organized under the laws of Switzerland and a Subsidiary of the Company Kontoor International ), any other Subsidiary Borrowers (as defined herein) from time to time parties hereto, the several banks and other financial institutions or entities from time to time parties to this Agreement (the Lenders and JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., as administrative agent. RECITALS WHEREAS, the Company and Kontoor International have entered into the Credit Agreement, dated as of May 17, 2019 (as amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time prior to the date hereof, the Existing Credit Agreement ), among the Company, Kontoor International, the several banks and other financial institutions or entities from time to time parties thereto and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent. WHEREAS, the Borrowers have requested that the tranche A term loans and revolving loans under the Existing Credit Agreement be extended, and the Borrowers intend to repay the tranche B term loans under the Existing Credit Agreement, such that after giving effect to such extension and repayment (such extension and repayment, the Refinancing the Lenders party hereto shall extend credit to the Borrowers in the form of senior secured credit facilities in an aggregate amount of 900,000,000 comprised of (i) a 400,000,000 term loan A facility and (ii) a 500,000,000 revolving credit facility. WHEREAS, the Borrowers have also requested that each Lender party hereto, which immediately following the Refinancing constitute all the Lenders, consent to the amendment and restatement of the Existing Credit Agreement, as set forth in this Agreement. WHEREAS, the Lenders are willing to extend such credit to the Borrowers and to consent to such amendment and restatement, in each case, on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein. NOW, THEREFORE, the parties hereto hereby agree as follows: SECTION 1. DEFINITIONS 1.1. Defined Terms. As used in this Agreement, the terms listed in this Section 1.1 shall have the respective meanings set forth in this Section 1.1. ABR , when used in reference to any Loan or Borrowing, refers to whether such Loan, or the Loans comprising such Borrowing, bear interest at a rate determined by reference to the Alternate Base Rate. All ABR Loans shall be denominated in Dollars. Additional Lender : as defined in Section 2.27(b). Additional Refinancing Lender : as defined in Section 2.30(a). Adjusted Daily Simple RFR : (a) with respect to any RFR Borrowing denominated in Sterling, an interest rate per annum equal to the Daily Simple RFR for Sterling, and (b) with respect to any RFR Borrowing denominated in Swiss Francs, an interest rate per annum equal to the Daily Simple RFR for Swiss Francs and (c) with respect to any RFR Borrowing denominated in Dollars, an interest rate per annum equal to (i) the Daily Simple RFR for Dollars, plus (ii) 0.10 ; provided that if the 4877-1242-0416 

Adjusted Daily Simple RFR Rate as so determined would be less than the Floor, such rate shall be deemed to be equal to the Floor for the purposes of this Agreement. Adjusted EURIBOR Rate : with respect to any Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in Euros for any Interest Period, an interest rate per annum equal to (a) the EURIBOR Rate for such Interest Period multiplied by (b) the Statutory Reserve Rate; provided that if the Adjusted EURIBOR Rate as so determined would be less than the Floor, such rate shall be deemed to be equal to the Floor for the purposes of this Agreement. Adjusted LIBOTerm SOFR Rate : with respect to any Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in Dollars for any Interest Period, an interest rate per annum (rounded upwards, if necessary, to the next 1/16 of 1 equal to (a) the LIBOTerm SOFR Rate for such Interest Period multiplied by (b) the Statutory Reserve Rate, plus (b) 0.10 ; provided that if the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate as so determined would be less than the Floor, such rate shall be deemed to be equal to the Floor for the purposes of this Agreement. Adjusted TIBOR Rate : with respect to any Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in Yen for any Interest Period, an interest rate per annum equal to (a) the TIBOR Rate for such Interest Period multiplied by (b) the Statutory Reserve Rate; provided that if the Adjusted TIBOR Rate as so determined would be less than the Floor, such rate shall be deemed to be equal to the Floor for the purposes of this Agreement. Adjustment Date : as defined in the Pricing Grid. Administrative Agent : JPMCB, together with its affiliates, as the arranger of the Commitments and as the administrative agent for the Lenders under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, together with any of its successors. Administrative Questionnaire : an Administrative Questionnaire in the form of Exhibit H or such other form as may be supplied from time to time by the Administrative Agent. Affected Financial Institution : (a) any EEA Financial Institution or (b) any UK Financial Institution. Affiliate : as to any Person, any other Person that, at any time, directly or indirectly, is in control of, is controlled by, or is under common control with, such Person. For purposes of this definition, control of a Person means the power, directly or indirectly, to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of such Person, whether by contract or otherwise. Affiliated Lender : as defined in Section 10.6(k). Agents : the collective reference to the Joint Lead Arrangers, the Joint Bookrunners, the Co-Documentation Agents, the Co-Syndication Agents and the Administrative Agent. Agreed Currencies : Dollars and each Foreign Currency. Agreement : this Credit Agreement, as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time. Agreement Currency : as defined in Section 10.21(b). 7 4877-1242-0416 

Aggregate Exposure : with respect to any Lender at any time, an amount equal to the sum of (i) the aggregate then unpaid principal amount of such Lender s Term Loans and (ii) the amount of such Lender s Revolving Commitment then in effect or, if the Revolving Commitments have been terminated, the amount of such Lender s Revolving Extensions of Credit then outstanding. Aggregate Exposure Percentage : with respect to any Lender at any time, the ratio (expressed as a percentage) of such Lender s Aggregate Exposure at such time to the Aggregate Exposure of all Lenders at such time. All-in Yield : with respect to any Indebtedness, the yield of such Indebtedness, whether in the form of interest rate, margin, commitment or ticking fees, original issue discount, upfront fees, index floors or otherwise, in each case, payable generally to the applicable lenders; provided that original issue discount and upfront fees shall be equated to interest rate assuming a four-year life to maturity; provided further that All-in Yield shall not include arrangement fees, structuring fees, consent fees or other fees in each case not paid to the applicable lenders generally. Alternate Base Rate : for any day, a rate per annum equal to the greatest of (a) the Prime Rate in effect on such day, (b) the NYFRB Rate in effect on such day plus of 1 and (c) the Adjusted LIBOTerm SOFR Rate for a one month Interest Period onas published two U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to such day (or if such day is not a U.S. Government Securities Business Day, the immediately preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day) plus 1 ; provided that for the purpose of this definition, the Adjusted LIBOTerm SOFR Rate for any day shall be based on the LIBO Screen Rate (or if the LIBO Screen Rate is not available for such one month Interest Period, the LIBO Interpolated Rate)Term SOFR Reference Rate at approximately 11:00 a.m. London5:00 a.m. Chicago time on such day (or any amended publication time for the Term SOFR Reference Rate, as specified by the CME Term SOFR Administrator in the Term SOFR Reference Rate methodology). Any change in the Alternate Base Rate due to a change in the Prime Rate, the NYFRB Rate or the Adjusted LIBOTerm SOFR Rate shall be effective from and including the effective date of such change in the Prime Rate, the NYFRB Rate or the Adjusted LIBOTerm SOFR Rate, respectively. If the Alternate Base Rate is being used as an alternate rate of interest pursuant to Section 2.18 (for the avoidance of doubt, only until the Benchmark Replacement has been determined pursuant to Section 2.18(b)), then the Alternate Base Rate shall be the greater of clauses (a) and (b) above and shall be determined without reference to clause (c) above. For the avoidance of doubt, if the Alternate Base Rate as determined pursuant to the foregoing would be less than 1.00 per annum, such rate shall be deemed to be 1.00 per annum for purposes of this Agreement. Anti-Corruption Laws : all laws, rules and regulations of any jurisdiction applicable to the Company or its Subsidiaries from time to time concerning or relating to bribery or corruption. Applicable Corporate Rating Level : as defined in the Pricing Grid. Applicable Creditor : as defined in Section 10.21(b). Applicable Intercreditor Agreement : a First Lien Intercreditor Agreement or a Junior Lien Intercreditor Agreement, as applicable. Applicable Margin : for each Type of Revolving Loan, Swingline Loan and Tranche A Term Loan, the rate per annum set forth under the relevant column heading below: 8 4877-1242-0416 

9 4877-1242-0416 0.500 ABR Loans / Canadian Prime Rate Loans 1.500 provided that from and after the first Adjustment Date occurring after the completion of the first full fiscal quarter ending after the Closing Date, the Applicable Margin with respect to Revolving Loans, Swingline Loans and Tranche A Term Loans will be determined pursuant to the Pricing Grid. Applicable Minimum Amount : in the case of Revolving Loans, an amount equal to (i) if such Loans are denominated in Sterling, 5,000,000 or a whole multiple of 1,000,000 in excess thereof, (ii) if such Loans are denominated in Euro, 5,000,000 or a whole multiple of 1,000,000 in excess thereof, (iii) if such Loans are denominated in Canadian Dollars, C 5,000,000 or a whole multiple of C 1,000,000 in excess thereof, (iv) if such Loans are denominated in Swiss Francs, CHF5,000,000 or a whole multiple of CHF1,000,000 in excess thereof and (v) if such Loans are denominated in Yen, 500,000,000 or a whole multiple of 100,000,000 in excess thereof. Applicable Prepayment Percentage : with respect to any prepayment of the Term Loans required pursuant to Section 2.13(b) in connection with any Asset Sale or Recovery Event (i) if the Senior Secured Leverage Ratio is less than 2.00 to 1.00 and greater than or equal to 1.50 to 1.00 as of the last day of the most recently ended Test Period, 50.0 , (ii) if the Senior Secured Leverage Ratio is less than 1.50 to 1.00 as of the last day of the most recently ended Test Period, 0.0 or (iii) otherwise, 100.0 . Application : with respect to an Issuing Lender, an application, in such form as such Issuing Lender may specify from time to time, requesting such Issuing Lender to issue or amend a Letter of Credit. Arrangers : JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., Barclays Bank PLC, BofA Securities, Inc., HSBC Securities Inc. and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association. Asset Sale : any Disposition of property or series of related Dispositions of property permitted by clause (h) or clause (q) of Section 7.5 that yields Net Cash Proceeds to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries of greater than 10,000,000 (the Asset Sale Threshold ). Assignee : as defined in Section 10.6(c). Assignment and Assumption : an Assignment and Assumption, substantially in the form of Exhibit E. Assignor : as defined in Section 10.6(c). Auto-Extension Letter of Credit : as defined in Section 3.1(a). Available Amount : at any time, an amount equal to, without duplication: Term Benchmark Loans / RFR Loans / Daily Simple ESTR Loans / CDOR Loans 

(a) the sum of: (i) the greater of (x) 65,000,000 and (y) 15 of Consolidated EBITDA for the most recently ended Test Period calculated on a Pro Forma Basis; plus (ii) the CNI Growth Amount; plus (iii) the amount of any capital contributions to or other proceeds of any issuance of Qualified Capital Stock (other than any amounts received from the Company or any Subsidiary) received by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, plus the fair market value (as determined by the Company in good faith) of Cash Equivalents, marketable securities or other property received by the Company or any Subsidiary as a capital contribution or in return for any issuance of Qualified Capital Stock (other than any amounts received from the Company or any Subsidiary), in each case, during the period from and including the day immediately following the Closing Date through and including such time; plus (iv) the aggregate principal amount of any Indebtedness or Disqualified Capital Stock, in each case, of the Company or any Subsidiary issued after the Closing Date (other than Indebtedness or such Disqualified Capital Stock issued to the Company or any Subsidiary), which has been converted into or exchanged for Capital Stock of the Company or any Subsidiary that does not constitute Disqualified Capital Stock, together with the fair market value of any cash or Cash Equivalents (as determined by the Company in good faith) and the fair market value (as determined by the Company in good faith) of any property or assets received by the Company or such Subsidiary upon such exchange or conversion, in each case, during the period from and including the day immediately following the Closing Date through and including such time; plus (v) the net proceeds received by the Company or any Subsidiary during the period from and including the day immediately following the Closing Date through and including such time in connection with the Disposition to any Person (other than the Company or any Subsidiary) of any Investment made pursuant to Section 7.8(l) in an amount, together with amounts added pursuant to clauses (vi) and (vii)(C), not to exceed the original Investment; plus (vi) to the extent not already reflected as a return of capital with respect to such Investment for purposes of determining the amount of such Investment, the proceeds received by the Company or any Subsidiary during the period from and including the day immediately following the Closing Date through and including such time in connection with cash returns, cash profits, cash distributions and similar cash amounts, including cash principal repayments of loans and interest payments on loans, in each case received in respect of any Investment made pursuant to Section 7.8(l) in an amount, together with amounts added pursuant to clauses (v) and (vii)(C), not to exceed the original Investment; plus (vii) an amount equal to the sum of (A) the amount of any Investments by the Company or any Subsidiary pursuant to Section 7.8(l) in any Unrestricted Subsidiary that has been re-designated as a Subsidiary, (B) the amount of any Investments by the Company or any Subsidiary pursuant to Section 7.8(l) in any Unrestricted Subsidiary or any Joint Venture that is not a Subsidiary that has been merged, consolidated or amalgamated with or into, or is liquidated, wound up or dissolved into, the Company or any Subsidiary and (C) the fair market value (as determined by the Company in good faith) of the property or assets of any Unrestricted Subsidiary or any Joint Venture that is not a Subsidiary that have been transferred, conveyed or otherwise distributed to the Company or any Subsidiary, in each case, during the period from and including the day immediately following the Closing Date through and including such time in an 10 4877-1242-0416 

amount not to exceed, together with amounts added pursuant to clauses (v) and (vi), the Investments made in such Unrestricted Subsidiary or Joint Venture pursuant to Section 7.8(l); plus (viii) the amount of any Declined Proceeds; plus (ix) the amount of any Retained Asset Sale Proceeds; minus (b) an amount equal to the sum of (i) Restricted Payments made pursuant to Section 7.6(g), plus (ii) Restricted Debt Payments made pursuant to Section 7.15(e), plus (iii) Investments made pursuant to Section 7.8(l), in each case, during the period from and including the day immediately following the Closing Date through and including such time. Available Revolving Commitment : as to any Revolving Lender at any time, an amount equal to the excess, if any, of (a) such Lender s Revolving Commitment then in effect over (b) such Lender s Revolving Extensions of Credit then outstanding; provided, that in calculating any Lender s Revolving Extensions of Credit for the purpose of determining such Lender s Available Revolving Commitment pursuant to Section 2.10(a), the aggregate principal amount of Swingline Loans then outstanding shall be deemed to be zero. Available Tenor : as of any date of determination and with respect to the then-current Benchmark for any Agreed Currency, as applicable, any tenor for such Benchmark (or component thereof) or payment period for interest calculated with reference to such Benchmark (or component thereof), as applicable, that is or may be used for determining the length of an Interest Period for any term rate or otherwise, for determining any frequency of making payments of interest calculated pursuant to this Agreement as of such date and not including, for the avoidance of doubt, any tenor for such Benchmark that is then-removed from the definition of Interest Period pursuant to clause (fe) of Section 2.18. Bail-In Action : the exercise of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by the applicable Resolution Authority in respect of any liability of an Affected Financial Institution. Bail-In Legislation : (a) with respect to any EEA Member Country implementing Article 55 of Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of the European Union, the implementing law, regulation rule or requirement for such EEA Member Country from time to time which is described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule and (b) with respect to the United Kingdom, Part I of the United Kingdom Banking Act 2009 (as amended from time to time) and any other law, regulation or rule applicable in the United Kingdom relating to the resolution of unsound or failing banks, investment firms or other financial institutions or their affiliates (other than through liquidation, administration or other insolvency proceedings). Benchmark : initially, with respect to any (i) RFR Loan in any Agreed Currency, the applicable Relevant Rate for such Agreed Currency, (ii) Term Benchmark Loan, the Relevant Rate for such Agreed Currency or (iii) CDOR Loan, the Relevant Rate for Canadian Dollars; provided that if a Benchmark Transition Event, a Term SOFR Transition Event, an Early Opt-in Election or an Other Benchmark Rate Election, as applicable, and its and the related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect to the applicable Relevant Rate or the then-current Benchmark for such Agreed Currency, then Benchmark means the applicable Benchmark Replacement to the extent that such Benchmark Replacement has replaced such prior benchmark rate pursuant to clause (b) or clause (c) of Section 2.18. 11 4877-1242-0416 

Benchmark Replacement : for any Available Tenor, the first alternative set forth in the order below that can be determined by the Administrative Agent for the applicable Benchmark Replacement Date; provided that, in the case of any Loan denominated in anany Foreign Currency or in the case of an Other Benchmark Rate Election, Benchmark Replacement shall mean the alternative set forth in (32) below: (1) in the case of any Loan denominated in Dollars, the sum of: (a) Term SOFR and (b) the related Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; (21) in the case of any Loan denominated in Dollars, the sum of: (a)Adjusted Daily Simple SORFR and (b) the related Benchmark Replacement Adjustmentfor RFR Borrowings denominated in Dollars; or (32) the sum of: (a) the alternate benchmark rate that has been selected by the Administrative Agent and the Borrowers as the replacement for the then-current Benchmark for the applicable Corresponding Tenor giving due consideration to (i) any selection or recommendation of a replacement benchmark rate or the mechanism for determining such a rate by the Relevant Governmental Body or (ii) any evolving or then-prevailing market convention for determining a benchmark rate as a replacement for the then-current Benchmark for syndicated credit facilities denominated in the applicable Agreed Currency at such time in the United States and (b) the related Benchmark Replacement Adjustment;. provided that, in the case of clause (1), such Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement is displayed on a screen or other information service that publishes such rate from time to time as selected by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion; provided further that, in the case of clause (3), when such clause is used to determine the Benchmark Replacement in connection with the occurrence of an Other Benchmark Rate Election, the alternate benchmark rate selected by the Administrative Agent and the Borrowers shall be the term benchmark rate that is used in lieu of a LIBOR-based rate in the relevant other Dollar-denominated syndicated credit facilities; provided further that, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement or in any other Loan Document, upon the occurrence of a Term SOFR Transition Event, and the delivery of a Term SOFR Notice, on the applicable Benchmark Replacement Date the Benchmark Replacement shall revert to and shall be deemed to be the sum of (a) Term SOFR and (b) the related Benchmark Replacement Adjustment, as set forth in clause (1) of this definition (subject to the first proviso above). If the Benchmark Replacement as determined pursuant to clause (1), or (2) or (3) above would be less than the Floor, the Benchmark Replacement will be deemed to be the Floor for the purposes of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents. Benchmark Replacement Adjustment : with respect to any replacement of the then-current Benchmark with an Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for any applicable Interest Period and Available Tenor for any setting of such Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement: , the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has been selected by (1) for purposes of clauses (1) and (2) of the definition of Benchmark Replacement, the first alternative set forth in the order below that can be determined by the Administrative Agent: (a) the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) as of the Reference Time such Benchmark Replacement is first set for such Interest Period that 12 4877-1242-0416 

has been selected or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body for the replacement of such Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for the applicable Corresponding Tenor; (b) the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) as of the Reference Time such Benchmark Replacement is first set for such Interest Period that would apply to the fallback rate for a derivative transaction referencing the ISDA Definitions to be effective upon an index cessation event with respect to such Benchmark for the applicable Corresponding Tenor; and (2) for purposes of clause (3) of the definition of Benchmark Replacement, the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has been selected by thethe Administrative Agent and the Borrowers for the applicable Corresponding Tenor giving due consideration to (i) any selection or recommendation of a spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement of such Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement by the Relevant Governmental Body on the applicable Benchmark Replacement Date and/or (ii) any evolving or then-prevailing market convention for determining a spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement of such Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for syndicated credit facilities denominated in the applicable Agreed Currency at such time;. provided that, in the case of clause (1) above, such adjustment is displayed on a screen or other information service that publishes such Benchmark Replacement Adjustment from time to time as selected by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion. Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes : with respect to any Benchmark Replacement and/or any Term Benchmark Loan denominated in Dollars, any technical, administrative or operational changes (including changes to the definition of Alternate Base Rate, the definition of Business Day, the definition of U.S. Government Securities Business Day, the definition of RFR Business Day, the definition of Interest Period, timing and frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest, timing of borrowing requests or prepayment, conversion or continuation notices, length of lookback periods, the applicability of breakage provisions, and other technical, administrative or operational matters) that the Administrative Agent decides, following consultation with the Borrowers, may be appropriate to reflect the adoption and implementation of such Benchmark Replacement and to permit the administration thereof by the Administrative Agent in a manner substantially consistent with market practice (or, if the Administrative Agent decides that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or if the Administrative Agent determines that no market practice for the administration of such Benchmark Replacement exists, in such other manner of administration as the Administrative Agent decides is reasonably necessary in connection with the administration of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents). Benchmark Replacement Date : with respect to any Benchmark, the earliest to occur of the following events with respect to such then-current Benchmark: (1) in the case of clause (1) or (2) of the definition of Benchmark Transition Event, the later of (a) the date of the public statement or publication of information referenced therein and (b) the date on which the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) permanently or indefinitely ceases to provide all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof); or 13 4877-1242-0416 

(2) in the case of clause (3) of the definition of Benchmark Transition Event, the first date on which such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) has been determined and announced by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) to be no longer representative; provided, that such non-representativeness will be determined by reference to the most recent statement or publication referenced in such clause (c) and even if any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) continues to be provided on such date;. (3) in the case of a Term SOFR Transition Event, the date that is thirty (30) days after the date a Term SOFR Notice is provided to the Lenders and the Borrower pursuant to Section 2.18(c); or (4) in the case of an Early Opt-in Election or an Other Benchmark Rate Election, the sixth (6th) Business Day after the date notice of such Early Opt-in Election or Other Benchmark Rate Election, as applicable, is provided to the Lenders, so long as the Administrative Agent has not received, by 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the fifth (5th) Business Day after the date notice of such Early Opt-in Election or Other Benchmark Rate Election, as applicable, is provided to the Lenders, written notice of objection to such Early Opt-in Election or Other Benchmark Rate Election, as applicable, from Lenders comprising the Required Lenders. For the avoidance of doubt, (i) if the event giving rise to the Benchmark Replacement Date occurs on the same day as, but earlier than, the Reference Time in respect of any determination, the Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred prior to the Reference Time for such determination and (ii) the Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred in the case of clause (1) or (2) with respect to any Benchmark upon the occurrence of the applicable event or events set forth therein with respect to all then-current Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof). Benchmark Transition Event : with respect to any Benchmark, the occurrence of one or more of the following events with respect to such then-current Benchmark: (1) a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) announcing that such administrator has ceased or will cease to provide all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof), permanently or indefinitely as of a specific date, provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof); (2) a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof), the Federal Reserve Board, the NYFRB, the CME Term SOFR Administrator, the central bank for the Agreed Currency applicable to such Benchmark, an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component), a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component) or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component), in each case, which states that the administrator of such Benchmark (or such component) has ceased or will cease to provide all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) permanently or indefinitely as of a specific date; provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof); or 14 4877-1242-0416 

(3) a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) announcing that all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) are no longer, or as of a specified future date will no longer be, representative. For the avoidance of doubt, a Benchmark Transition Event will be deemed to have occurred with respect to any Benchmark if a public statement or publication of information set forth above has occurred with respect to each then-current Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof). Benchmark Unavailability Period : with respect to any Benchmark, the period (if any) (x) beginning at the time that a Benchmark Replacement Date pursuant to clauses (1) or (2) of that definition has occurred if, at such time, no Benchmark Replacement has replaced such then-current Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Loan Document in accordance with Section 2.18 and (y) ending at the time that a Benchmark Replacement has replaced such then-current Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Loan Document in accordance with Section 2.18. Beneficial Ownership Certification : with respect to any Borrower that is a legal entity customer as such term is defined in the Beneficial Ownership Regulation, a certification regarding beneficial ownership as required by the Beneficial Ownership Regulation. Beneficial Ownership Regulation : 31 C.F.R. 1010.230. Benefit Plan : any of (a) an employee benefit plan (as defined in Section 3(3) of ERISA) that is subject to Title I of ERISA, (b) a plan as defined in Section 4975 of the Code to which Section 4975 of the Code applies, and (c) any Person whose assets include (for purposes of the Plan Asset Regulations or otherwise for purposes of Title I of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code) the assets of any such employee benefit plan or plan . Benefitted Lender : as defined in Section 10.7(a). BHC Act Affiliate : of a party means an affiliate (as such term is defined under, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 U.S.C. 1841(k)) of such party. Blocking Regulation : as defined in Section 4.22. Board : the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System of the United States (or any successor). Borrower : (a) with respect to the Tranche A Term Facility, the Company and (b) with respect to the Revolving Facility, the Company, Kontoor International and each other Subsidiary Borrower. The Company, Kontoor International and the other Subsidiary Borrowers are referred to herein collectively as the Borrowers . Borrowing : Loans of the same Type and Agreed Currency, made, converted or continued on the same date and, in the case of Term Benchmark Loans and CDOR Loans, as to which a single Interest Period is in effect. Borrowing Date : any Business Day specified by the applicable Borrower as a date on which such Borrower requests the relevant Lenders to make Loans hereunder. 15 4877-1242-0416 

Business : as defined in Section 4.18(b). Business Day : a day other than a Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial banks in New York City are authorized or required by law to remain closed; provided, that with respect to notices and determinations in connection with, and payments of principal and interest on, Term Benchmark Loans denominated in Dollars, such day is also a day for trading by and between banks in Dollar deposits in the London interbank eurodollar marketin relation to Loans referencing the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate and any interest rate settings, fundings, disbursements, settlements or payments of any such Loans referencing the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate or any other dealings of such Loans referencing the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate, any such day is also a U.S. Government Securities Business Day; provided further that (i) when used in connection with a Daily Simple ESTR Loan or a Foreign Currency Revolving Loan denominated in a currency other than Canadian Dollars, Sterling and Swiss Francs, the term Business Day shall also exclude any day on which banks are not open for general business for such Foreign Currency, (ii) when used in connection with Loans denominated in Euro bearing interest at the Adjusted EURIBOR Rate or the Daily Simple ESTR, the term Business Day shall also exclude any day on which TARGET2 is not open for settlement of payment in Euro, (iii) when used in connection with any Loans denominated in Canadian Dollars, the term Business Day shall also exclude any day on which banks are not open for dealings in deposits of Canadian Dollars in the Toronto interbank market, (iv) when used in connection with a Loan to any Borrower organized in a jurisdiction other than the United States of America or England, the term Business Day shall also exclude any day on which commercial banks in the jurisdiction of organization of such Borrower are authorized or required by law to remain closed and (v) when used in connection with any RFR Loans, the term Business Day shall also exclude any date that is not an RFR Business Day with respect to the applicable currency. Calculation Date : with respect to each Foreign Currency, the last day of each calendar month (or, if such day is not a Business Day, the next succeeding Business Day) and such other days from time to time as the Administrative Agent shall designate as a Calculation Date during the continuation of a Default; provided that (i) the second Business Day preceding each Borrowing Date (or in the case of RFR Loans and CDOR Loans, on the Borrowing Date) with respect to, and each date of any continuation of, any Foreign Currency Revolving Loan which is a Term Benchmark Loan or CDOR Loan shall also be a Calculation Date with respect to such Foreign Currency, (ii) subject to Section 2.12, the Borrowing Date with respect to any other Foreign Currency Revolving Loan shall also be a Calculation Date with respect to such Foreign Currency and (iii) with respect to any RFR Loan, each date that is on the numerically corresponding day in each calendar month that is one month after the Borrowing of such Loan (or, if there is no such numerically corresponding day in such month, then the last day of such month) shall also be a Calculation Date with respect to the applicable Foreign Currency of such RFR Loan. Canadian Dollars or C : the lawful currency of Canada. Canadian Prime Rate : on any day, the rate determined by the Administrative Agent to be the higher of (i) the rate equal to the PRIMCAN Index rate that appears on the Bloomberg screen at 10:15 a.m. Toronto time on such day (or, in the event that the PRIMCAN Index is not published by Bloomberg, any other information services that publishes such index from time to time, as selected by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion) and (ii) the average rate for thirty (30) day Canadian Dollar bankers acceptances that appears on the Reuters Screen CDOR Page (or, in the event such rate does not appear on such page or screen, on any successor or substitute page or screen that displays such rate, or on the appropriate page of such other information service that publishes such rate from time to time, as selected by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion) at 10:15 a.m. Toronto time on such day, plus 1 per annum; provided, that if any the above rates shall be less than 0.00 , such rate shall be deemed to be 0.00 for purposes of this Agreement. Any change in the Canadian Prime Rate 16 4877-1242-0416 

due to a change in the PRIMCAN Index or the CDO Rate shall be effective from and including the effective date of such change in the PRIMCAN Index or CDO Rate, respectively. If the Canadian Prime Rate is being used as an alternate rate of interest pursuant to Section 2.18 (for the avoidance of doubt, only until the Benchmark Replacement has been determined pursuant to Section 2.18(b)), then the Canadian Rate shall be determined without reference to clause (ii) above. Canadian Prime Rate Loan : Loans the rate of interest applicable to which is based upon the Canadian Prime Rate. Capital Expenditures : for any period, with respect to any Person, the aggregate of all expenditures by such Person and its Subsidiaries for the acquisition or leasing (pursuant to a capitalfinance lease) of fixed or capital assets or additions to equipment (including replacements, capitalized repairs and improvements during such period) that should be capitalized under GAAP on a consolidated balance sheet of such Person and its Subsidiaries. Capital Lease Obligations : as to any Person, subject to Section 1.2(e), the obligations of such Person to pay rent or other amounts under any lease of (or other arrangement conveying the right to use) real or personal property, or a combination thereof, which obligations are required to be classified and accounted for as capitalfinance leases on a balance sheet of such Person under GAAP and, for the purposes of this Agreement, the amount of such obligations at any time shall be the capitalized amount thereof at such time determined in accordance with GAAP; provided that, notwithstanding any change in accounting for leases pursuant to GAAP resulting from the adoption of Financial Accounting Standards Board Accounting Standards Update No. 2016-02, Leases (Topic 842) that would require treating any lease (or similar arrangement conveying the right to use) as a capital lease where such lease (or similar arrangement) would not have been required to be so treated under GAAP as in effect on December 31, 2015, such lease shall not be considered a capital lease for any purpose under this Agreement.. Capital Stock : any and all shares, interests, participations or other equivalents (however designated) of capital stock of a corporation, any and all equivalent ownership interests in a Person (other than a corporation) and any and all warrants, rights or options to purchase any of the foregoing. Cash Equivalents : (a) marketable direct obligations issued by, or unconditionally guaranteed by, the United States Government or issued by any agency thereof and backed by the full faith and credit of the United States, in each case maturing within one year from the date of acquisition; (b) certificates of deposit, time deposits, eurodollar time deposits or overnight bank deposits having maturities of one year or less from the date of acquisition issued by any Lender or by any commercial bank organized under the laws of the United States or any state thereof or any United States branch of a foreign bank, in each case having combined capital and surplus of not less than 500,000,000; (c) commercial paper of an issuer rated at least A-2 by Standard Poor s Financial Services LLC (together with any successor thereto, S P ), P-2 by Moody s Investors Service, Inc. (together with any successor thereto, Moody s or F2 by Fitch, or carrying an equivalent rating by a nationally recognized rating agency, if all of the three named rating agencies cease publishing ratings of commercial paper issuers generally, and maturing within one year from the date of acquisition; (d) repurchase obligations of any Lender or of any commercial bank satisfying the requirements of clause (b) of this definition, having a term of not more than 30 days, with respect to securities issued or fully guaranteed or insured by the United States government; (e) securities with maturities of one year or less from the date of acquisition issued or fully guaranteed by any state, commonwealth or territory of the United States, by any political subdivision or taxing authority of any such state, commonwealth or territory or by any foreign government, the securities of which state, commonwealth, territory, political subdivision, taxing authority or foreign government (as the case may be) are rated (i) in the case of any such state, commonwealth, territory, political subdivision or taxing authority, at least A by S P, A by Moody s or A by Fitch or (ii) in the 17 4877-1242-0416 

case of a foreign government, at least BBB- by S P, Baa3 by Moody s or BBB- by Fitch; (f) securities with maturities of one year or less from the date of acquisition backed by standby letters of credit issued by any Lender or any commercial bank satisfying the requirements of clause (b) of this definition; (g) shares of money market mutual or similar funds which invest exclusively in assets satisfying the requirements of clauses (a) through (f) of this definition; (h) money market funds that (i) comply with the criteria set forth in SEC Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, (ii) are rated AAA or Aaa, as applicable, by any two of S P, Moody s and Fitch and (iii) have portfolio assets of at least 5,000,000,000; (i) debt securities of an issuer rated at least A-1 by S P, P-1 by Moody s or F1 by Fitch, or carrying an equivalent rating by a nationally recognized rating agency; or (j) solely in respect of the ordinary course cash management activities of the Foreign Subsidiaries, (i) equivalents of the investments described in clause (a) above to the extent guaranteed by any member state of the European Union or the country in which the Foreign Subsidiary operates, (ii) equivalents of the investments described in clause (b) above issued, accepted or offered by any commercial bank organized under the laws of a member state of the European Union or the jurisdiction of organization of the applicable Foreign Subsidiary having at the acquisition thereof combined capital and surplus of not less than 250,000,000 and (iii) without limiting the foregoing sub-clauses (i) and (ii) of this clause (j), investments equivalent to those referenced in clauses (a) through (f) above denominated in foreign currencies and used by the Company for cash management purposes in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice to the extent guaranteed, issued, accepted or offered by (x) any country in which such Foreign Subsidiary operates or is organized or (y) any commercial bank organized under the laws of the jurisdiction in which such Foreign Subsidiary operates or is organized, as applicable, in each case without regard to any minimum rating or capital requirement specified in clauses (a) through (i) above. Cash Management Obligations : any obligation of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries in respect of (i) cash netting, overdrafts and related liabilities that arise from treasury, depositary or cash pooling or management services including in connection with any automated clearing house transfers of funds or any similar transactions including in connection with deposit accounts and (ii) credit, debit, travel and expense, corporate purchasing and/or other purchasing cards issued to or for the benefit or account of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or their respective employees. For the avoidance of doubt, the parties agree that any Cash Management Obligation that was permitted to be entered into or designated as a Cash Management Obligation under this Agreement at the time such obligation was entered into or so designated shall continue to be secured by the Collateral even though a limitation under this Agreement may be exceeded solely as a result of a change in the currency exchange rates from the currency exchange rates applicable at the time such Cash Management Obligation was entered into or designated. Cash Pooling Agreement : any agreement, substantially in the form of (a) the Cash Pool Agreement dated February 21, 2019, between LeeWrangler Belgium Services BVBA and Bank Mendes Gans, N.V. (the Existing Pooling Agreement ), by and among Company and/or any of its Subsidiaries, on the one hand, and one or more banks or similar financing institutions, on the other hand, together with any documents evidencing or governing any obligations relating thereto (including any guarantee agreements and security documents contemplated by or customary in connection with the Existing Pooling Agreement) or (b) any other cash pooling arrangement or agreement listed in Schedule 1.1D, in each case as such agreements may be amended (including any amendment and restatement thereof), supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, including any agreement extending the maturity of, refinancing, replacing or otherwise restructuring, in whole or in part, obligations (or adding Subsidiaries as additional parties or other Subsidiaries as guarantors thereunder) under any such agreement or any successor or replacement agreement and whether by the same or any other bank or similar financing institution or group of banks or similar financing institutions; provided that any such amendment, restatement, supplement or modification, extension, refinancing, replacement or other 18 4877-1242-0416 

agreement is limited to the provision of a cash management system or systems for the Foreign Subsidiaries of the Company and will not create any Indebtedness, or Lien on the property, of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries for any other purpose. The Cash Pooling Agreements provide a cash management system for Subsidiaries of the Company, and obligations of Subsidiaries thereunder may be guaranteed by the Company and its Subsidiaries. CBR Loan : a Loan that bears interest at a rate determined by reference to the Central Bank Rate, the Japanese Prime Rate or the Canadian Prime Rate. CBR Spread : the Applicable Margin applicable to such Loan that is replaced by a CBR Loan. CDO Rate : with respect to any CDOR Loan for any Interest Period, CDOR Screen Rate; provided, further, that, if the applicable CDOR Screen Rate shall not be available at such time for such Interest Period (a CDOR Impacted Interest Period ), then the CDO Rate shall be the CDOR Interpolated Rate at such time. CDOR Interpolated Rate means,: at any time, the rate per annum determined by the Administrative Agent (which determination shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error) to be equal to the rate that results from interpolating on a linear basis between: (a) the applicable CDOR Screen Rate for the longest period (for which that CDOR Screen Rate is available) that is shorter than the CDOR Impacted Interest Period and (b) the applicable CDOR Screen Rate for the shortest period (for which that CDOR Screen Rate is available) that exceeds the CDOR Impacted Interest Period, in each case, at such time; provided that if any CDOR Interpolated Rate shall be less than zero, such rate shall be deemed to be zero for purposes of this Agreement. CDOR Screen Rate : on any day for the relevant Interest Period, the annual rate of interest equal to the average rate applicable to Canadian dollar Canadian bankers acceptances for the applicable period that appears on the Reuters Screen CDOR Page as defined in the International Swap Dealer Association, Inc. definitions, as modified and amended from time to time (or, in the event such rate does not appear on such page or screen, on any successor or substitute page or screen that displays such rate, or on the appropriate page of such other information service that publishes such rate from time to time, as selected by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion), rounded to the nearest 1/100th of 1 (with .005 being rounded up), as of 10:15 a.m. Toronto local time on the first day of such Interest Period and, if such day is not a bBusiness dDay, then on the immediately preceding bBusiness dDay (as adjusted by Administrative Agent after 10:15 a.m. Toronto local time to reflect any error in the posted rate of interest or in the posted average annual rate of interest). If the CDOR Screen Rate shall be less than 0.00 , the CDOR Screen Rate shall be deemed to be 0.00 for purposes of this Agreement. CDOR Loans : Loans denominated in Canadian Dollars the rate of interest applicable to which is determined by reference to the CDO Rate. Central Bank Rate : (A) the greater of (iI)(A) for any Loan denominated in (a) Sterling, the Bank of England (or any successor thereto) s Bank Rate as published by the Bank of England (or any successor thereto) from time to time, (b) Euro, one of the following three rates as may be selected by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion: (1) the fixed rate for the main refinancing operations of the European Central Bank (or any successor thereto), or, if that rate is not published, the minimum bid rate for the main refinancing operations of the European Central Bank (or any successor thereto), each as published by the European Central Bank (or any successor thereto) from time to time, (2) the rate for the marginal lending facility of the European Central Bank (or any successor thereto), as published by the European Central Bank (or any successor thereto) from time to time or (3) the rate for the deposit facility of the central banking system of the Participating Member States, as published by the European 19 4877-1242-0416 

Central Bank (or any successor thereto) from time to time, (c) Yen, the short-term prime rate as publicly announced by the Bank of Japan (or any successor thereto) from time to time, (d) Swiss Francs, the policy rate of the Swiss National Bank (or any successor thereto) as published by the Swiss National Bank (or any successor thereto) from time to time and (ed) any other Foreign Currency determined after the EffectiveClosing Date, a central bank rate as determined by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion and (ii) the Floor; plus (B) the applicable Central Bank Rate Adjustment and (II) the Floor. Central Bank Rate Adjustment : for any day, for any Loan denominated in (a) Euro, a rate equal to the difference (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) of (i) the average of the Adjusted EURIBOR Rate for the five most recent Business Days preceding such day for which the EURIBOR Screen Rate was available (excluding, from such averaging, the highest and the lowest Adjusted EURIBOR Rate applicable during such period of five Business Days) minus (ii) the Central Bank Rate in respect of Euro in effect on the last Business Day in such period, (b) Sterling, a rate equal to the difference (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) of (i) the average of Adjusted Daily Simple RFR for Sterling Borrowings for the five most recent RFR Business Days preceding such day for which SONIAAdjusted Daily Simple RFR for Sterling Borrowings was available (excluding, from such averaging, the highest and the lowest such Adjusted Daily Simple RFR applicable during such period of five RFR Business Days) minus (ii) the Central Bank Rate in respect of Sterling in effect on the last RFR Business Day in such period, (c) Swiss Francs, a rate equal to the difference (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) of (i) the average of Adjusted Daily Simple RFR for Swiss Franc Borrowings for the five most recent RFR Business Days preceding such day for which SARON was available (excluding, from such averaging, the highest and the lowest such Adjusted Daily Simple RFR applicable during such period of five RFR Business Days) minus (ii) the Central Bank Rate in respect of Swiss Francs in effect on the last RFR Business Day in such period, and (d) Yen, a rate equal to the difference (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) of (i) the average of the Adjusted TIBOR Rate for the five most recent Business Days preceding such day for which the TIBOR Screen Rate was available (excluding, from such averaging, the highest and the lowest Adjusted TIBOR Rate applicable during such period of five Business Days) minus (ii) the Central Bank Rate in respect of Yen in effect on the last Business Day in such period and (e) any other Foreign Currency determined after the EffectiveClosing Date, a Central Bank Rate Adjustment as determined by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion. For purposes of this definition, (x) the term Central Bank Rate shall be determined disregarding clause (B) of the definition of such term and (y) each of the EURIBOR Rate and the TIBOR Rate on any day shall be based on the EURIBOR Screen Rate or the TIBOR Screen Rate, as applicable, on such day at approximately the time referred to in the definition of such term for deposits in the applicable Agreed Currency for a maturity of one month. CFC : each Person that is a controlled foreign corporation as defined in Section 957 of the Code. CFC Holding Company : a Person, substantially all of the assets of which consist of (i) cash or Cash Equivalents and/or (ii) Capital Stock or debt that is treated as equity for United States federal income tax purposes of (a) one or more CFCs or (b) one or more CFC Holding Companies. Change of Control : as defined in Section 8(k). Class : (a) when used with respect to any Lender, refers to whether such Lender has a Loan or Commitment with respect to a particular Class of Loans or Commitments, (b) when used with respect to Commitments, refers to whether such Commitments are Revolving Commitments, Extended Revolving Commitments of a given Extension Series, Extended Term Loans of a given Extension Series, Tranche A Term Commitments, Incremental Commitments or Refinancing Term Commitments of a given 20 4877-1242-0416 

Refinancing Series and (c) when used with respect to Loans or a borrowing, refers to whether such Loans, or the Loans comprising such borrowing, are Revolving Loans, Incremental Revolving Loans, Revolving Loans under Extended Revolving Commitments of a given Extension Series, Revolving Loans under Other Revolving Commitments, Tranche A Term Loans, Incremental Term Loans, Refinancing Term Loans of a given Refinancing Series or Extended Term Loans of a given Extension Series. Revolving Commitments, Extended Revolving Commitments, Incremental Commitments, Other Revolving Commitments, Tranche A Term Commitments or Refinancing Term Commitments (and in each case, the Loans made pursuant to such Commitments) that have different terms and conditions shall be construed to be in different Classes. Commitments (and, in each case, the Loans made pursuant to such Commitments) that have the same terms and conditions shall be construed to be in the same Class. Closing Date : the date on which the conditions precedent set forth in Section 5.1 are satisfied or waived in accordance with Section 10.1. CME Term SOFR Administrator : CME Group Benchmark Administration Limited as administrator of the forward-looking term Secured Overnight Financing Rate (SOFR) (or a successor administrator). CNI Growth Amount : at any date of determination, an amount (which amount shall not be less than zero) equal to 50.0 of Consolidated Net Income for the cumulative period from March 31, 2019 to and including the last day of the most recently ended fiscal quarter of the Company for which financial statements have been delivered pursuant to Section 6.1 (treated as one accounting period). Co-Documentation Agents : BNP Paribas, Citibank, N.A., ING Bank N.V., Dublin Branch, PNC Bank, National Association, Santander Bank, N.A. and Truist Bank. Co-Syndication Agents : Barclays Bank PLC, Bank of America, N.A., HSBC Bank USA, National Association and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association. Code : the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended from time to time. Collateral : all property of the Loan Parties, now owned or hereafter acquired, upon which a Lien is or is purported to be created by any Security Document. Collateral Agent : JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. Collateral Agreement : the Collateral Agreement dated as of the May 17, 2019, among the Domestic Borrowers and Subsidiary Guarantors party thereto and the Administrative Agent, as the same may be amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time. Commitment : as to any Lender, the sum of the Tranche A Term Commitment and the Revolving Commitment of such Lender. Commitment Fee Rate : 0.25 per annum; provided that on and after the first Adjustment Date occurring after the completion of the first full fiscal quarter ending after the Closing Date, the Commitment Fee Rate will be determined pursuant to the Pricing Grid. Commonly Controlled Entity : an entity, whether or not incorporated, that is under common control with the Company within the meaning of Section 4001 of ERISA or is part of a group that includes the Company and that is treated as a single employer under Section 414 of the Code. 21 4877-1242-0416 

Company : as defined in the preamble hereto. Company Stock : Capital Stock of the Company that constitutes margin stock within the meaning of Regulation U. Compliance Certificate : a certificate duly executed by a Responsible Officer substantially in the form of Exhibit B. Consolidated EBITDA : for any period, Consolidated Net Income for such period; plus, without duplication and, to the extent deducted (and not added back) (or, in the case of clauses (g), (l) and (n), to the extent not included) in calculating Consolidated Net Income for such period, the sum of: (a) income tax expense, (b) Consolidated Interest Expense, amortization or writeoff of debt discount and debt issuance costs and commissions, discounts and other fees, charges and expenses associated with Indebtedness (including with respect to the Loans and Indebtedness incurred in connection with the Transactions), (c) depreciation and amortization expense and impairment charges, (d) all premiums and interest rate hedge termination costs in connection with any purchase or redemption of any Indebtedness, (e) any other non-cash charges (excluding any such charge that constitutes an accrual of or a reserve for cash charges for any future period), (f) restructuring charges and related charges, (g) (i) pro forma adjustments, run rate cost savings, operating expense reductions and cost synergies, in each case, related to any Specified Transaction consummated by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries and projected by the Company in good faith to result from actions taken or expected to be taken (in the good faith determination of the Company) within 24 months after the date any such Specified Transaction is consummated, and (ii) any pro forma adjustments, run rate cost savings, operating expense reductions and cost synergies projected by the Company in good faith to result from actions either taken or expected to be taken (including in connection with any restructuring initiative, cost savings initiative, new initiative, business optimization activities, cost rationalization programs and/or similar initiatives or programs) within 24 months after the date of determination to take such action (any such pro forma adjustments, run rate cost savings, operating expense reductions or synergies set forth in clauses (i) and (ii), Expected Cost Savings (in each case, calculated on a Pro Forma Basis as though the full recurring benefit of such Expected Cost Savings had been realized in full on the first day of such period); provided that (A) such Expected Cost Savings are reasonably identifiable and factually supportable, (B) no Expected Cost Savings shall be added pursuant to this clause (g) to the extent duplicative of any expenses or charges relating to such Expected Cost Savings that are included in clause (a) through (f) above or (h) through (s) below and (C) the aggregate amount of all adjustments pursuant to this clause (g) (other than to the extent permitted under Regulation S-X, which shall not be subject to the cap set forth in this proviso) shall not exceed 30.0 of Consolidated EBITDA (such percentage calculated before any amounts are added to Consolidated EBITDA pursuant to this clause (g)), 22 4877-1242-0416 

(h) cash expenses relating to customary earn outs and similar obligations to the extent constituting Indebtedness; (i) fees and the amount of loss or discount on the sale of accounts receivables and related assets in connection with a Permitted Receivables Financing; (j) any charge with respect to any liability or casualty event, business interruption or any product recall, (i) so long as such Person has submitted in good faith, and reasonably expects to receive payment in connection with, a claim for reimbursement of such amounts under its relevant insurance policy within the next four fiscal quarters (with a deduction in the applicable future period for any amount so added back to the extent not so reimbursed within the next four fiscal quarters) or (ii) without duplication of amounts included in a prior period under the preceding clause (i), to the extent such charge is covered by insurance, indemnification or otherwise reimbursable by a third party (whether or not then realized so long as the Company in good faith expects to receive proceeds arising out of such insurance, indemnification or reimbursement obligation within the next four fiscal quarters) (it being understood that if the amount received in cash under any such agreement in any period exceeds the amount of expense paid during such period, any excess amount received may be carried forward and applied against any expense in any future period); (k) unrealized net losses in the fair market value of any arrangements under Hedge Agreements; (l) the amount of any cash actually received by such Person (or the amount of the benefit of any netting arrangement resulting in reduced cash expenditures) during such period, and not included in Consolidated Net Income in any period, to the extent that any non-cash gain relating to such cash receipt or netting arrangement was deducted in the calculation of Consolidated EBITDA for any previous period and not added back; (m) the amount of any non-controlling interest or minority interest charge consisting of income attributable to minority equity interests of third parties in any non-Wholly Owned Subsidiary; (n) any other adjustments, exclusions and add-backs reflected in the financial model delivered to the Arrangers on or about October 26, 2021 (the Company Model (o) charges, expenses and costs in anticipation of, or preparation for, standalone compliance with the requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and the rules and regulations promulgated in connection therewith and charges, expenses and costs in anticipation of, or preparation for, compliance with the provisions of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the Exchange Act, as applicable to companies with equity or debt securities held by the public and the rules of national securities exchange for companies with listed equity or debt securities, including listing fees; (p) any costs, expenses, fees, fines, penalties, judgments, legal settlements and other amounts associated with any restructuring, litigation, claim, proceeding or investigation related to or undertaken by the Company or any of its subsidiaries, together with any related provision for taxes; (q) consulting fees, advisory fees, financing fees incurred and taxes incurred or accrued in connection with the Distribution; (r) costs and expenses incurred in connection with the preparation, negotiation and delivery of the Loan Documents; and 23 4877-1242-0416 

(s) any net charge with respect to (i) any disposed, abandoned, divested and/or discontinued asset, property or operation (other than, at the option of the Company, any asset, property or operation pending the disposal, abandonment, divestiture and/or termination thereof), (ii) any disposal, abandonment, divestiture and/or discontinuation of any asset, property or operation (other than, at the option of the Company, relating to assets or properties held for sale or pending the divestiture or discontinuation thereof) and/or (iii) any facility that has been closed during such period; minus, to the extent taken into account in calculating Consolidated Net Income for such period, the sum of (a) interest income, (b) any non-cash income and (c) unrealized net gains in the fair market value of any arrangement under Hedge Agreements, all as determined on a consolidated basis. Consolidated First Lien Net Debt : as to any Person at any date of determination, the aggregate principal amount of Consolidated Total Debt outstanding on such date that is secured by a first priority Lien on the Collateral. Consolidated Interest Coverage Ratio : with respect to any Test Period, the ratio of (a) Consolidated EBITDA of the Company and its Subsidiaries for such Test Period to (b) Consolidated Interest Expense of the Company and its Subsidiaries for such Test Period. Consolidated Interest Coverage Ratio Financial Covenant : the covenant set forth in Section 7.1(b). Consolidated Interest Expense : for any period, total cash interest expense of the Company and its Subsidiaries for such period determined in accordance with GAAP (excluding, to the extent otherwise included in such interest expense, (i) all premiums and interest rate hedge termination costs in connection with any purchase or redemption of any Indebtedness, (ii) any fees, including upfront fees, and any other fees and expenses associated or paid in connection with this Agreement or the consummation of the Transactions, (iii) annual agency fee, paid to the Administrative Agent, (iv) fees and expenses associated with any Investment permitted pursuant to Section 7.8 or any issuance of Capital Stock or Indebtedness permitted hereunder (whether or not consummated), (v) any interest component relating to the accretion or accrual of discounted liabilities and (vi) any writeoff of unamortized debt issuance costs upon any prepayment of any Indebtedness), net of cash interest income. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event that Company or a Subsidiary has entered into an operating lease in connection with a Permitted Sale/Leaseback, then Consolidated Interest Expense for any period shall be deemed to be increased by the interest component of lease payments under such operating lease made during such period. Consolidated Net Income : for any period, the consolidated net income (or loss) of the Company and its Subsidiaries, determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP; provided that there shall be excluded, without duplication: (a) the income (or deficit) of any Person accrued prior to the date it becomes a Subsidiary of the Company or is merged into or consolidated with the Company or any of its Subsidiaries; (b) the income (or deficit) of any Person (other than a Subsidiary of the Company) in which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries has an ownership interest, except to the extent that any such income is actually received by the Company or such Subsidiary in the form of dividends or similar distributions; (c) the undistributed earnings of any Subsidiary of the Company (other than a Loan Party) to the extent that the declaration or payment of dividends or similar distributions by such Subsidiary is not 24 4877-1242-0416 

at the time permitted by the terms of any Contractual Obligation (other than under any Loan Document) or Requirement of Law applicable to such Subsidiary; (d) any goodwill or other asset impairment charges, write-offs or write-downs or amortization of intangibles; (e) any gain or charge attributable to any asset Disposition (including asset retirement costs or sales or issuances of Capital Stock) or of returned or surplus assets outside the ordinary course of business (as determined in good faith by such Person); (f) (i) any unrealized or realized net foreign currency transactional gains or charges impacting net income (including currency re-measurements of Indebtedness, any net gains or charges resulting from Hedge Agreements for currency exchange risk associated with the above or any other currency related risk, any transactional gains or charges relating to assets and liabilities denominated in a currency other than a functional currency and those resulting from intercompany Indebtedness), (ii) any realized or unrealized gain or charge in respect of (x) any obligation under any Hedge Agreement as determined in accordance with GAAP and/or (y) any other derivative instrument pursuant to, in the case of this clause (y), Financial Accounting Standards Board s Accounting Standards Codification No. 815-Derivatives and Hedging and (iii) unrealized gains or losses in respect of any Hedge Agreement; (g) any net income or charge (less all fees and expenses related thereto) attributable to (i) the early extinguishment or cancellation of Indebtedness or (ii) any derivative transaction under a Hedge Agreement; (h) non-cash expenses resulting from any employee benefit or management compensation plan or grant of stock and stock options or other equity and equity-based interests to employees of the Company or any Subsidiary pursuant to a written plan or agreement (including expenses arising from the grant of stock and stock options prior to the Closing Date) or the treatment of such options or other equity and equity-based interests under variable plan accounting; (i) any charge that is established, adjusted and/or incurred (i) within 12 months after the closing of any acquisition that is required to be established, adjusted or incurred, as applicable, as a result of such acquisition in accordance with GAAP or (ii) as a result of any change in, or the adoption or modification of, accounting principles or policies; (j) any (i) write-off or amortization made in such period of deferred financing costs and premiums paid or other expenses incurred directly in connection with any early extinguishment of Indebtedness, (ii) amortization of intangible assets and (iii) other amortization (including amortization of goodwill, software, deferred or capitalized financing fees, debt issuance costs, commissions and expenses and other intangible assets); (k) fees, costs and expenses incurred, or amortization thereof, in connection with, to the extent permitted hereunder, any Investment, any issuance of debt or equity, any Disposition, any casualty event or any amendments or waivers of the Loan Documents, and refinancing, refunding, renewals or extensions permitted hereunder in connection therewith, in each case, whether or not consummated; (l) non-cash compensation charges and/or any other non-cash charges arising from the granting of any stock, stock option or similar arrangement (including any profits interest) or the granting of any restricted stock, stock appreciation right and/or similar arrangement (including any repricing, 25 4877-1242-0416 

amendment, modification, substitution or change of any such stock option, restricted stock, stock appreciation right, profits interest or similar arrangement or the vesting of any warrant); (m) the effects of adjustments (including the effects of such adjustments pushed down to the Company and its subsidiaries) in component amounts required or permitted by GAAP (including, without limitation, in the inventory (including any impact of changes to inventory valuation policy methods, including changes in capitalization of variances), property and equipment, lease, rights fee arrangements, software, goodwill, intangible asset (including customer molds), in-process research and development, deferred revenue, advanced billing and debt line items thereof), resulting from the application of recapitalization accounting or acquisition or purchase accounting, as the case may be, in relation to the Transactions or any consummated acquisition or similar Investment or the amortization or write-off of any amounts thereof (including any write-off of in process research and development); and (n) any extraordinary, exceptional or nonrecurring gains or losses. Consolidated Total Assets : at any date, all amounts that would, in conformity with GAAP, be set forth opposite the caption total assets (or any like caption) on a consolidated balance sheet of the Company and its Subsidiaries at such date. Consolidated Total Debt : at any date, the aggregate principal amount of debt of the Company and its Subsidiaries at such date in an amount that would be reflected on a balance sheet prepared as of such date on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP (but excluding the effects of any discounting of Indebtedness resulting from the application of purchase accounting in connection with any permitted Investment), consisting of Indebtedness for borrowed money, obligations evidenced by notes, bonds (excluding surety bonds), debentures or similar instruments (other than an operating lease, synthetic lease or similar arrangement), purchase money indebtedness and Capital Lease Obligations. Contingent Purchase Price Obligations : any earnout obligations or similar deferred or contingent purchase price obligations of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries incurred or created in connection with any acquisition to the extent such obligations are a liability on the consolidated balance sheet of the Company in accordance with GAAP. Continuing Directors : the directors of the Company on the Closing Date, the initial directors of the Company set forth in the Form 10, and each other director, if, in each case, such other director s nomination for election to the board of directors of the Company is recommended or approved by at least a majority of the then Continuing Directors. Contractual Obligation : as to any Person, any provision of any security issued by such Person or of any agreement, instrument or other undertaking to which such Person is a party or by which it or any of its property is bound. Corresponding Tenor : with respect to any Available Tenor, as applicable, either a tenor (including overnight) or an interest payment period having approximately the same length (disregarding business day adjustment) as such Available Tenor. Covered Agreement : as defined in Section 7.13(c). Covered Entity : any of the following: (i) a covered entity as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 252.82(b); 26 4877-1242-0416 

(ii) a covered bank as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 47.3(b); or (iii) a covered FSI as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 382.2(b). Covered Party : as defined in Section 10.25. Credit Agreement Refinancing Indebtedness : Indebtedness constituting (a) Permitted First Priority Refinancing Debt, (b) Permitted Junior Lien Refinancing Debt or (c) Permitted Unsecured Refinancing Debt; provided that (i) such Indebtedness shall not have a greater principal amount than the principal amount (or accreted value, if applicable) of the Refinanced Debt except by an amount equal to (x) unpaid accrued interest, penalties and premiums (including tender, prepayment or repayment premiums) thereon plus underwriting discounts and other customary fees, commissions and expenses (including upfront fees, original issue discount or initial yield payment) incurred in connection with such refinancing, (y) any existing commitments unutilized thereunder and (z) additional amounts permitted to be incurred under Section 7.2 and, to the extent secured by a Lien, Section 7.3 (and, in each case, the applicable clause of Section 7.2 and Section 7.3 shall be deemed to be utilized by the amount so incurred), (ii) the other terms and conditions of such Indebtedness shall not be materially more restrictive (taken as a whole) on the Company and its Subsidiaries (as determined by the Company in good faith) than those applicable to the Refinanced Debt being refinanced or replaced (except for covenants or other provisions (I) that reflect market terms and conditions (taken as a whole) at the time of incurrence (as determined by the Company in good faith), (II) that are reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, (III) that are applicable only to periods after the Latest Maturity Date at the time of incurrence of such Indebtedness or (IV) that are also added for the benefit of each Facility remaining outstanding (provided that, in the case of each of clauses (I), (II) and (IV), if any financial maintenance covenant for the benefit of any Credit Agreement Refinancing Indebtedness is added or is more restrictive than the financial maintenance covenants then applicable to any then-existing Tranche A Term Facility or Revolving Facility, such financial maintenance covenants shall be applied to any then-existing Tranche A Term Facility and Revolving Facility)), and (iii) such Refinanced Debt shall be repaid, repurchased, retired, defeased or satisfied and discharged, all accrued interest, fees, premiums (if any) and penalties in connection therewith shall be paid, and all commitments thereunder terminated, on the date such Credit Agreement Refinancing Indebtedness is issued, incurred or obtained. Credit Party : the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Lender, the Swingline Lender or any other Lender. Daily Simple ESTR : for any day (an ESTR Interest Day ), with respect to any Loan denominated in Euro, an interest rate per annum equal to the greater of (a) ESTR for the day that is one ESTR Business Day prior to (i) if such ESTR Interest Day is an ESTR Business Day, such ESTR Interest Day or (ii) if such ESTR Interest Day is not an ESTR Business Day, the ESTR Business Day immediately preceding such ESTR Interest Day and (b) zero. Daily Simple ESTR Loans : Loans denominated in Euros the rate of interest applicable to which is based upon the Daily Simple ESTR. Daily Simple RFR : for any day (an RFR Interest Day ), an interest rate per annum equal to, for any RFR Loan denominated in (i) Sterling, SONIA for the day that is five RFR Business Days prior to (A) if such RFR Interest Day is an RFR Business Day, such RFR Interest Day or (B) if such RFR Interest Day is not an RFR Business Day, the RFR Business Day immediately preceding such RFR Interest Day, and (ii) Swiss Francs, SARON for the day that is five RFR Business Days prior to (A) if 27 4877-1242-0416 

such RFR Interest Day is an RFR Business Day, such RFR Interest Day or (B) if such RFR Interest Day is not an RFR Business Day, the RFR Business Day immediately preceding such RFR Interest Day and (iii) Dollars, Daily Simple SOFR. Daily Simple SOFR : for any day, (a SOFR, with the conventions for this rate (which may include a lookback) being Rate Day ), a rate per annum equal to SOFR for the day that is five (5) RFR Business Days prior to (i) if such SOFR Rate Day is an RFR Business Day, such SOFR Rate Day or (ii) if such SOFR Rate Day is not an RFR Business Day, the RFR Business Day immediately preceding such SOFR Rate Day, in each case, as such SOFR is estapublished by the SOFR Administrativeor Agent in accordance with the conventions for this rate selected or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body for determining on the SOFR Administrator s Website. Any change in Daily Simple SOFR for business loans; provided, that if the Administrative Agent decides that any such conventions is not administratively feasible for the Administrative Agent, then the Administrative Agent may establish another convention in its reasonable discretion. due to a change in SOFR shall be effective from and including the effective date of such change in SOFR without notice to the Borrowers. Declined Proceeds : as defined in Section 2.13(e). Default : any of the events specified in Section 8, whether or not any requirement for the giving of notice, the lapse of time, or both, has been satisfied. Defaulting Lender : any Lender that (a) has failed to (i) fund all or any portion of its Loans within two Business Days of the date such Loans were required to be funded hereunder unless such Lender notifies the Administrative Agent and the Company in writing that such failure is the result of such Lender s determination that one or more conditions precedent to funding (each of which conditions precedent, together with any applicable default, shall be specifically identified in such writing) has not been satisfied, or (ii) pay to the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Lender, the Swingline Lender or any other Lender any other amount required to be paid by it hereunder (including in respect of its participation in Letters of Credit or Swingline Loans) within two Business Days of the date when due, (b) has notified the Company, the Administrative Agent or any Issuing Lender or the Swingline Lender in writing that it does not intend to comply with its funding obligations hereunder, or has made a public statement to that effect (unless such writing or public statement relates to such Lender s obligation to fund a Loan hereunder and states that such position is based on such Lender s determination that a condition precedent to funding (which condition precedent, together with any applicable default, shall be specifically identified in such writing or public statement) cannot be satisfied), (c) has failed, within three Business Days after written request by the Administrative Agent or the Company, to confirm in writing to the Administrative Agent and the Company that it will comply with its prospective funding obligations hereunder (provided that such Lender shall cease to be a Defaulting Lender pursuant to this clause (c) upon receipt of such written confirmation by the Administrative Agent and the Company), or (d) has, or has a direct or indirect company that has, (i) become the subject of any bankruptcy or insolvency proceeding, (ii) become the subject of a Bail-In Action or (iii) had appointed for it a receiver, custodian, conservator, trustee, administrator, assignee for the benefit of creditors or similar Person charged with reorganization or liquidation of its business or assets, including the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other state or federal regulatory authority acting in such a capacity (but excluding any receiver, custodian, conservator, trustee, administrator or similar Person appointed by a regulatory authority under or based on the applicable law in the country where such Person is subject to home jurisdiction supervision if applicable law requires that such appointment is not to be publicly disclosed); provided that a Lender shall not be a Defaulting Lender solely by virtue of the ownership or acquisition of any equity interest in that Lender or any direct or indirect company thereof by a Governmental Authority so long as such ownership interest does not result in or provide such Lender with immunity from the jurisdiction of courts within the United States or from the enforcement of 28 4877-1242-0416 

judgments or writs of attachment on its assets or permit such Lender (or such Governmental Authority) to reject, repudiate, disavow or disaffirm any contracts or agreements made with such Lender. Any determination by the Administrative Agent that a Lender is a Defaulting Lender under any one or more of clauses (a) through (d) above shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error, and such Lender shall be deemed to be a Defaulting Lender) upon delivery of written notice of such determination to the Company, each Issuing Lender, the Swingline Lender and each Lender. Disposition : with respect to any property or right, any sale, lease, sale and leaseback, assignment, conveyance, transfer or other disposition thereof (other than any transaction for purposes of collateral or security to the extent permitted hereunder). The terms Dispose and Disposed of shall have correlative meanings. Designated Non-Cash Consideration : the fair market value (as determined by the Company in good faith) of non-cash consideration received by the Company or any Subsidiary in connection with any Disposition pursuant to Section 7.5(h) that is designated as Designated Non-Cash Consideration by a Responsible Officer of the Company (which amount will be reduced by the amount of cash or Cash Equivalents received in connection with a subsequent sale or conversion of such Designated Non-Cash Consideration to cash or Cash Equivalents). Disqualified Capital Stock : any Capital Stock of the Company which is not Qualified Capital Stock. Notwithstanding the preceding sentence, (A) if such Capital Stock is issued pursuant to any plan for the benefit of directors, officers, employees, members of management, managers or consultants or by any such plan to such directors, officers, employees, members of management, managers or consultants, in each case in the ordinary course of business of Borrowers or any Subsidiary, such Capital Stock shall not constitute Disqualified Capital Stock solely because it may be required to be repurchased by the issuer thereof in order to satisfy applicable statutory or regulatory obligations and (B) no Capital Stock held by any Permitted Payee shall be considered Disqualified Capital Stock because such stock is redeemable or subject to repurchase pursuant to any management equity subscription agreement, stock option, stock appreciation right or other stock award agreement, stock ownership plan, put agreement, stockholder agreement or similar agreement that may be in effect from time to time. Disqualified Lender : (i) competitors of the Company and its Subsidiaries identified from time to time to the Administrative Agent, (ii) persons identified to the Arrangers prior to April 30, 2019 and (iii) in each case of clauses (i) and (ii), any of such person s Affiliates that are (x) clearly identifiable solely by similarity of name or (y) identified in writing by the Company from time to time to the Administrative Agent; provided that, notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, (A) in no event shall a supplement apply retroactively to disqualify any parties that have previously acquired an assignment or participation interest in any Loans or Commitments under the Facilities that is otherwise permitted hereunder and (B) no supplements shall become effective until three Business Days after delivery by the Company to the Administrative Agent of such supplement by electronic mail to JPMDQ_Contact@jpmorgan.com. Dollar Equivalent : at any time as to any amount denominated in a Foreign Currency, the equivalent amount in U.S. Dollars as determined by the Administrative Agent at such time on the basis of the Exchange Rate for the purchase of U.S. Dollars with such Foreign Currency on the most recent Calculation Date for such Foreign Currency. Dollar Revolving Loans : as defined in Section 2.6(a). Domestic Borrower : the Company and any Domestic Subsidiary Borrower. 29 4877-1242-0416 

Domestic Funding Office : the Administrative Agent s office located at 10 S. Dearborn Street, Chicago, IL 60623, or such other office as may be designated by the Administrative Agent by written notice to the Company and the Lenders. Domestic Loan Party : each Domestic Borrower and each other Loan Party that is a Domestic Subsidiary. Domestic Obligations : as defined in Section 10.22. Domestic Subsidiary : any Subsidiary of the Company organized under the laws of the United States or any state thereof or the District of Columbia. Domestic Subsidiary Borrower : any Subsidiary Borrower that is a Domestic Subsidiary. Early Opt-in Election : if the then current Benchmark with respect to Dollars is the LIBO Rate, the occurrence of: (1) a notification by the Administrative Agent to (or the request by the Borrower to the Administrative Agent to notify) each of the other parties hereto that at least five currently outstanding Dollar denominated syndicated credit facilities at such time contain (as a result of amendment or as originally executed) a SOFR-based rate (including SOFR, a term SOFR or any other rate based upon SOFR) as a benchmark rate (and such syndicated credit facilities are identified in such notice and are publicly available for review), and (2) the joint election by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower to trigger a fallback from LIBO Rate and the provision, as applicable, by the Administrative Agent of written notice of such election to the Borrower and the Lenders. EEA Financial Institution : (a) any institution established in any EEA Member Country which is subject to the supervision of an EEA Resolution Authority, (b) any entity established in an EEA Member Country which is a parent of an institution described in clause (a) of this definition, or (c) any institution established in an EEA Member Country which is a subsidiary of an institution described in clauses (a) or (b) of this definition and is subject to consolidated supervision with its parent. EEA Member Country : any of the member states of the European Union, Iceland, Liechtenstein, and Norway. EEA Resolution Authority : any public administrative authority or any Person entrusted with public administrative authority of any EEA Member Country (including any delegee) having responsibility for the resolution of any EEA Financial Institution. Electronic Signature : an electronic sound, symbol or process attached to, or associated with, a contract or other record and adopted by a Person with the intent to sign, authenticate or accept such contract or record. EMU : Economic and Monetary Union as contemplated in the Treaty. Environmental Laws : as to any Person, any and all Requirements of Law (including common law) regulating, relating to or imposing liability or standards of conduct concerning protection of human health (solely as it relates to exposure to Materials of Environmental Concern) or the environment, as now or may at any time hereafter be in effect. 30 4877-1242-0416 

ERISA : the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended from time to time. ESTR : with respect to any business day, a rate per annum equal to the Euro Short Term Rate for such business day published by the ESTR Administrator on the ESTR Administrator Website. ESTR Administrator : the European Central Bank (or any successor administrator of the Euro Short Term Rate). ESTR Administrator Website : the European Central Bank s website, currently at http://www.ecb.europa.eu, or any successor source for the Euro Short Term Rate identified as such by the ESTR Administrator from time to time. ESTR Business Day : any day on which TARGET2 is open for settlement of payment in Euro. EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule : the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule published by the Loan Market Association (or any successor Person), as in effect from time to time. Euro or : the single currency of the Participating Member States. EURIBOR Rate : with respect to any Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in Euros and for any Interest Period, the EURIBOR Screen Rate two TARGET Days prior to the commencement of such Interest Period. EURIBOR Screen Rate : the euro interbank offered rate administered by the European Money Markets Institute (or any other person which takes over the administration of that rate) for the relevant period displayed (before any correction, recalculation or republication by the administrator) on page EURIBOR01 of the Thomson Reuters screen (or any replacement Thomson Reuters page which displays that rate) or on the appropriate page of such other information service which publishes that rate from time to time in place of Thomson Reuters as published at approximately 11:00 a.m. Brussels time two TARGET Days prior to the commencement of such Interest Period. If such page or service ceases to be available, the Administrative Agent may specify another page or service displaying the relevant rate after consultation with the Company. Eurocurrency liabilities : as defined in Section 2.20(e). Event of Default : any of the events specified in Section 8; provided that any requirement for the giving of notice, the lapse of time, or both, has been satisfied. Exchange Act : the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Exchange Act Report : collectively, the Current Reports on Form 8-K and the Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q of the Company filed with or furnished to the SEC subsequent to January 2, 2021 but prior to the Closing Date. Exchange Rate : on any day, with respect to any currency, the rate at which such currency may be exchanged into any other currency, as set forth at approximately 11:00 a.m., London time, on such date as provided by ICE Data Services. In the event that such rate is not provided by ICE Data Services, the Exchange Rate shall be determined by reference to such other publicly available service for displaying exchange rates as may be reasonably selected by the Administrative Agent in consultation with the Company, or, in the event no such service is selected, such Exchange Rate shall instead be the arithmetic average of the spot rates of exchange of the Administrative Agent in the market where its 31 4877-1242-0416 

foreign currency exchange operations in respect of such currency are then being conducted, at or about 10:00 a.m., Local Time, on such date for the purchase of the relevant currency for delivery two Business Days later; provided that if at the time of any such determination, for any reason, no such spot rate is being quoted, the Administrative Agent, after consultation with the Company, may use any reasonable method it deems appropriate to determine such rate, and such determination shall be presumed correct absent manifest error. Excluded Assets : as defined in the Collateral Agreement. Excluded Subsidiary : (i) any Foreign Subsidiary, (ii) any Subsidiary that is not a Wholly-OwnedWholly Owned Subsidiary, (iii) any Immaterial Subsidiary, (iv) any Finance Subsidiary or any Special Purpose Finance Subsidiary, (v) any CFC Holding Company, (vi) any Domestic Subsidiary that is a Subsidiary of a CFC or a CFC Holding Company, (vii) any Unrestricted Subsidiary, (viii) any Subsidiary that is prohibited by applicable law existing on the Closing Date or by applicable law or contractual obligation existing on the Closing Date or at the time of the formation or acquisition by the Company (or any of its Subsidiaries) of such Subsidiary (including pursuant to Indebtedness permitted to be incurred hereunder as assumed Indebtedness if the terms of such Indebtedness prohibit such Subsidiary from guaranteeing the Obligations) (so long as such contractual obligation is not entered into in contemplation of such formation or acquisition) from providing a guarantee under the Guarantee Agreement or from having a Lien on its Capital Stock to secure the Obligations, as the context may require, for so long as such prohibition exists, or if such guarantee or such Lien, as the context may require, would require governmental (including regulatory) consent, approval, license or authorization (unless such consent, approval, license or authorization has been obtained, it being understood that the Company shall have no obligation to obtain any such consent, approval, license or authorization), (ix) any Subsidiary that is a not-for-profit organization, broker dealer, captive insurance subsidiaries and other special purpose subsidiaries, (x) any Subsidiary whose provision of a guarantee would result in materially adverse tax consequences to the Company and its Subsidiaries as reasonably determined by the Company, (xi) any Subsidiary listed in Schedule 1.1F hereto on the Closing Date and (xii) any other Subsidiary with respect to which, in the reasonable judgment of the Company, the burden or cost (including any adverse tax consequence) of providing a guarantee under the Guarantee Agreement or a Lien on its Capital Stock to secure the Obligations, as the context may require, will outweigh the benefits to be obtained by the Lenders therefrom; provided that, notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, in no event shall any Domestic Subsidiary Borrower be an Excluded Subsidiary. Excluded Swap Obligation : with respect to any Guarantor (a) any Swap Obligation if, and to the extent that, and only for so long as, all or a portion of the guarantee of such Guarantor of, or the grant by such Guarantor of a security interest to secure, as applicable, such Swap Obligation (or any guarantee thereof) is or becomes illegal under the Commodity Exchange Act or any rule, regulation or order of the Commodity Futures Trading Commission (or the application or official interpretation of any thereof) by virtue of such Guarantor s failure to constitute an eligible contract participant, as defined in the Commodity Exchange Act and the regulations thereunder, at the time the guarantee of (or grant of such security interest by, as applicable) such Guarantor becomes or would become effective with respect to such Swap Obligation or (b) any other Swap Obligation designated as an Excluded Swap Obligation of such Guarantor as specified in any agreement between the relevant Loan Parties and counterparty applicable to such Swap Obligations, and agreed by the Administrative Agent. If a Swap Obligation arises under a master agreement governing more than one Swap, such exclusion shall apply only to the portion of such Swap Obligation that is attributable to Swaps for which such guarantee or security interest is or becomes illegal. 32 4877-1242-0416 

Existing Lender : a Tranche A Term Lender that was a Tranche A Term Lender under and as defined in the Existing Credit Agreement immediately prior to the Closing Date. Existing Letters of Credit : the letters of credit outstanding on the Closing Date immediately prior to the effectiveness of this Agreement. Schedule 1.1C contains a list of the Existing Letters of Credit. Existing Receivables Financing : (a) each receivables financing transaction existing on the Closing Date and set forth on Schedule 7.3(m) attached hereto in an aggregate amount not exceeding the amount on the Closing Date and (b) any refinancing, renewal, replacement or extension of any such receivables financing (or any successive refinancings, renewals, replacements or extensions) (collectively, a Replacement and the financing subject to such Replacement, the Replaced Receivables Financing so long as the aggregate principal amount of such Replacement does not exceed the aggregate principal amount of the Replaced Receivables Financing. Existing Supply Chain Financing : each supply chain financing transaction existing on the Closing Date and set forth on Schedule 7.3(m) attached hereto. Existing Revolver Tranche : as defined in Section 2.26(b). Existing Term Loan Tranche : as defined in Section 2.26(a). Expected Cost Savings : as defined in the definition of Consolidated EBITDA . Extended Revolving Commitments : as defined in Section 2.26(b). Extended Term Loans : as defined in Section 2.26(a). Extending Revolving Lender : as defined in Section 2.26(c). Extending Term Lender : as defined in Section 2.26(c). Extension Amendment : as defined in Section 2.26(d). Extension Election : as defined in Section 2.26(c). Extension Request : as defined in Section 2.26(b). Extension Series : as defined in Section 2.26(b). Facility : each of (a) the Tranche A Term Loans (the Tranche A Term Facility ), (b) the Revolving Commitments and the extensions of credit made thereunder (the Revolving Facility and (c) each other credit facility that may be added to this Agreement after the date hereof. FATCA : Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, as of the date of this Agreement (or any amended or successor version that is substantively comparable and not materially more onerous to comply with), any current or future regulations or official interpretations thereof, any agreement entered into pursuant to Section 1471(b)(1) of the Code, any intergovernmental agreements entered into in connection with the implementation of the foregoing and any fiscal or regulatory legislation, rules or practices adopted pursuant to any of the foregoing, or any treaty or convention among Governmental Authorities entered into in connection with the implementation of the foregoing. 33 4877-1242-0416 

FCA : as defined in Section 1.6. Federal Funds Effective Rate : for any day, the rate calculated by the NYFRB based on such day s federal funds transactions by depositary institutions, as determined in such manner as shall be set forth on the NYFRB s Website from time to time, and published on the next succeeding Business Day by the NYFRB as the effective federal funds rate; provided that if the Federal Funds Effective Rate as so determined would be less than zero, such rate shall be deemed to be zero for the purposes of this Agreement. Finance Subsidiary : any Subsidiary of the Company formed for the sole purpose of engaging in a Permitted Receivables Financing or Supply Chain Financing. Financial Covenants : the covenants set forth in Sections 7.1(a) and 7.1(b). First Lien Intercreditor Agreement : an intercreditor agreement in a form reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent and the Company among the Company, the Subsidiary Guarantors from time to time party thereto, the Collateral Agent and the Other Debt Representative for the holders of Indebtedness that is permitted under Sections 7.2 and 7.3 to be, and is intended to be, secured by a Lien on the Collateral that is pari passu (but without regard to the control of remedies) with the Liens securing the Obligations. First Lien Leverage Ratio : with respect to any date of determination, the ratio of (a) Consolidated First Lien Net Debt as of such date less Netted Cash as of such date to (b) Consolidated EBITDA of the Company and its Subsidiaries for the applicable Test Period. Fixed Amount : as defined in Section 1.4(e). Fitch : Fitch Ratings Inc., together with any successor thereto. Flood Laws : collectively, (i) the National Flood Insurance Reform Act of 1994 (which comprehensively revised the National Flood Insurance Act of 1968 and the Flood Disaster Protection Act of 1973) as now or hereafter in effect or any successor statute thereto, (ii) the Flood Insurance Reform Act of 2004 as now or hereafter in effect or any successor statute thereto and (iii) the Biggert-Waters Flood Insurance Reform Act of 2012 as now or hereafter in effect or any successor statute thereto. Floor : the benchmark rate floor, if any, provided in this Agreement initially (as of the execution of this Agreement, the modification, amendment or renewal of this Agreement or otherwise) with respect to the Adjusted LIBOTerm SOFR Rate, Adjusted EURIBOR Rate, Adjusted TIBOR Rate, each Adjusted Daily Simple RFR or, the CDO Rate, the Japanese Prime Rate, the Central Bank Rate or any Benchmark Replacement, as applicable. For the avoidance of doubt the initial Floor for each of Adjusted LIBOTerm SOFR Rate, Adjusted EURIBOR Rate, Adjusted TIBOR Rate, each Adjusted Daily Simple RFR and, the CDO Rate, the Japanese Prime Rate, the Central Bank Rate or any Benchmark Replacement in respect of the foregoing shall be zero. Foreign Currencies : (i) Canadian Dollars, Euro, Sterling, Swiss Francs and Yen and (ii) such other currencies that the Company may from time to time request subject to the approval of the Administrative Agent, each Revolving Lender and each Issuing Lender; provided that each such currency is a lawful currency that is readily available, freely transferable and not restricted and able to be converted into Dollars. Foreign Currency Revolving Loans : as defined in Section 2.6(a). 34 4877-1242-0416 

Foreign Loan Party : each Foreign Subsidiary Borrower. Foreign Obligations : as defined in Section 10.22. Foreign Subsidiary : any Subsidiary of the Company that is not a Domestic Subsidiary. Foreign Subsidiary Borrower : any Subsidiary Borrower which is a Foreign Subsidiary. Funding Office : the office of the Administrative Agent specified in Section 10.2 or such other office as may be specified from time to time by the Administrative Agent as its funding office by written notice to the Company and the Lenders. GAAP : generally accepted accounting principles in the United States as in effect from time to time, except that for purposes of the definition of Applicable Prepayment Percentage or any Financial Covenant, GAAP shall be determined on the basis of such principles in effect on the date hereof and consistent with those used in the preparation of the most recent audited financial statements delivered pursuant to Section 4.1; provided that, if the Company notifies the Administrative Agent following the effectiveness of any applicable Accounting Change (as defined below) that the Company requests an amendment to any provision hereof to eliminate the effect of such Accounting Change or in the application thereof on the operation of such provision (or if the Required Lenders notify the Company following the effectiveness of any such Accounting Change that the Required Lenders request an amendment to any provision hereof for such purpose), regardless of whether any such notice is given before or after such Accounting Change or in the application thereof, then such provision shall be interpreted on the basis of GAAP as in effect and applied immediately before such Accounting Change shall have become effective until such notice shall have been withdrawn or such provision amended in accordance herewith. Accounting Change refers to a change after the date hereof in accounting principles required by the promulgation of any rule, regulation, pronouncement or opinion by the Financial Accounting Standards Board of the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants or, if applicable, the SEC. Governmental Authority : any nation or government, any state or other political subdivision thereof, any agency, authority, instrumentality, regulatory body, court, central bank or other entity exercising executive, legislative, judicial, taxing, regulatory or administrative functions of or pertaining to government, any securities exchange, any self-regulatory organization (including the National Association of Insurance Commissioners) and any applicable supranational bodies (such as the European Union or the European Central Bank). Guarantee Agreement : the Guarantee Agreement dated as of May 17, 2019, among the Domestic Borrowers and the Subsidiary Guarantors party thereto and the Administrative Agent, as the same may be amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time. Guarantee Obligation : as to any Person (the guaranteeing person ), any obligation of (a) the guaranteeing person or (b) another Person (including any bank under any letter of credit) to induce the creation of which obligation the guaranteeing person has issued a reimbursement, counter indemnity or similar obligation, in either case guaranteeing or in effect guaranteeing any Indebtedness or other obligations (the primary obligations of any other third Person (the primary obligor in any manner, whether directly or indirectly, including any obligation of the guaranteeing person, whether or not contingent, (i) to purchase any such primary obligation or any property constituting direct or indirect security therefor, (ii) to advance or supply funds (1) for the purchase or payment of any such primary obligation or (2) to maintain working capital or equity capital of the primary obligor or otherwise to maintain the net worth or solvency of the primary obligor, (iii) to purchase property, securities or 35 4877-1242-0416 

services primarily for the purpose of assuring the owner of any such primary obligation of the ability of the primary obligor to make payment of such primary obligation or (iv) otherwise to assure or hold harmless the owner of any such primary obligation against loss in respect thereof; provided, however, that the term Guarantee Obligation shall not include endorsements of instruments for deposit or collection in the ordinary course of business. The amount of any Guarantee Obligation of any guaranteeing person shall be deemed to be the lower of (a) an amount equal to the stated or determinable amount of the primary obligation in respect of which such Guarantee Obligation is made and (b) the maximum amount for which such guaranteeing person may be liable pursuant to the terms of the instrument embodying such Guarantee Obligation, unless such primary obligation and the maximum amount for which such guaranteeing person may be liable are not stated or determinable, in which case the amount of such Guarantee Obligation shall be such guaranteeing person s maximum reasonably anticipated liability in respect thereof as determined by the Company in good faith. Guarantors : the collective reference to the Subsidiary Guarantors and any other Person that guarantees payment of all or a portion of the Obligations (including, for the avoidance of doubt, the Company). Hedge Agreements : all interest rate swaps, caps, collar, forward, future or option agreements or similar arrangements dealing with interest rates, currency exchange rates, the exchange of nominal interest obligations or commodities, in each case either generally or under specific contingencies, or any other arrangement constituting a Swap Agreement (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any Lender Hedge Agreements). Immaterial Subsidiaries : at any time, Subsidiaries of the Company (i) having aggregate total assets (as determined in accordance with GAAP) in an amount of less than 7.5 of Consolidated Total Assets of the Company and its Subsidiaries as of the last day of the immediately preceding Test Period and (ii) contributing in the aggregate less than 7.5 to Consolidated EBITDA for the most recently ended Test Period. In the event that total assets of all Immaterial Subsidiaries exceed 7.5 of Consolidated Total Assets as of the last day of the immediately preceding Test Period or the total contribution to Consolidated EBITDA of all Immaterial Subsidiaries exceeds 7.5 of Consolidated EBITDA for the relevant period, as the case may be, the Company will designate Subsidiaries which would otherwise constitute Immaterial Subsidiaries to be excluded as Immaterial Subsidiaries until such 7.5 thresholds are met. Incremental Cap : (a) the Shared Incremental Amount, plus (b) (i) the amount of any optional prepayment of any Loan (including any Incremental Loan) in accordance with Section 2.12 and/or the amount of any permanent reduction of any undrawn Revolving Commitment (including any undrawn Incremental Revolving Commitment), (ii) the amount of any optional prepayment, redemption, repurchase or retirement of Incremental Equivalent Debt that is secured by a Lien on the Collateral that is pari passu (but without regard to the control of remedies) with the Liens securing the Obligations, (iii) the amount of any optional prepayment, redemption, repurchase or retirement of any Refinancing Term Loans or Other Revolving Loans or any Credit Agreement Refinancing Indebtedness previously applied to the permanent prepayment of any Loan, Revolving Commitment or of any Incremental Equivalent Debt referred to in clauses (i) and (ii) above (with respect to any such Credit Agreement Refinancing Indebtedness, in an aggregate amount not to exceed the aggregate amount of Loans, Revolving Commitments or Incremental Equivalent Debt, as applicable, refinanced by such Credit Agreement Refinancing Indebtedness), and (iv) the aggregate amount of any Indebtedness referred to in clauses (i) through (iii) above that is (x) repaid or retired resulting from any 36 4877-1242-0416 

assignment to or purchase by such Indebtedness (and/or assignment and/or purchase of such Indebtedness by) the Company and/or any Subsidiary or (y) terminated pursuant to Section 2.24, which shall be credited to the extent of the principal amount of the Indebtedness repaid, retired or terminated; provided that for each of clauses (i) through (iv), (x) the relevant prepayment, redemption, repurchase, retirement or assignment and/or purchase was not funded with the proceeds of any Long-Term Indebtedness and (y) in the case of any prepayment of Loans under any revolving facility, such prepayment shall be accompanied by a permanent reduction in the commitments in respect thereof, plus (c) an unlimited amount so long as, in the case of this clause (c), on the date of incurrence thereof on a Pro Forma Basis after giving effect to the incurrence of the Incremental Facility or the Incremental Equivalent Debt, as applicable, and the application of the proceeds thereof (without netting the cash proceeds thereof) and to any relevant Specified Transaction (and, in the case of any Incremental Revolving Facility then being established, assuming a full drawing thereunder), (i) if such Indebtedness is secured by a Lien on the Collateral that is pari passu (but without regard to the control of remedies) with the Liens securing the Obligations, the First Lien Leverage Ratio does not exceed either (A) 2.75 to 1.00 or (B) if such Incremental Facility or Incremental Equivalent Debt, as applicable, is incurred in connection with an acquisition or other Investment permitted under this Agreement, the greater of (I) 2.75 to 1.00 and (II) the First Lien Leverage Ratio immediately prior to the incurrence of such Incremental Facility or Incremental Equivalent Debt, as applicable, and the consummation of such acquisition or other permitted Investment, (ii) if such Indebtedness is secured by a Lien on the Collateral that is junior to the Liens securing the Obligations, the Senior Secured Leverage Ratio does not exceed either (A) 3.25 to 1.00 or (B) if such Incremental Facility or Incremental Equivalent Debt, as applicable, is incurred in connection with an acquisition or other Investment permitted under this Agreement, the greater of (I) 3.25 to 1.00 and (II) the Senior Secured Leverage Ratio immediately prior to the incurrence of such Incremental Facility or Incremental Equivalent Debt, as applicable, and the consummation of such acquisition or other permitted InvesmentInvestment, and (iii) if such Indebtedness is unsecured, the Company is in compliance with the Financial Covenants (in the case of any Incremental Facility incurred in reliance on this clause (iii) in connection with any Material Acquisition, after giving effect to any step-up applicable to Section 7.1(a) to the extent that the first Test Period ending after the date of the consummation of such Material Acquisition would be an Increased Test Period in accordance with the terms of Section 7.1(a)); provided that: (1) any Incremental Facility or Incremental Equivalent Debt may be incurred under one or more of clauses (a) through (c) of this definition as selected by the Company in its sole discretion (provided that, in the case of clause (c), an Incremental Facility may be incurred only under clause (i) thereof), and (2) upon delivery of any financial statements pursuant to Section 6.1 following the initial incurrence or implementation of any Incremental Facility or Incremental Equivalent Debt, to the extent such Incremental Facility or Incremental Equivalent Debt or any portion thereof could, based on such financial statements, have been incurred or made in reliance on clause (c), unless otherwise elected by the Company, such Incremental Facility or Incremental Equivalent Debt or portion thereof shall automatically be reclassified (subject to clause (1) of this proviso and to any other applicable provision of clause (c)) as having been incurred under clause (c). Incremental Equivalent Debt : Indebtedness in an amount not to exceed the Incremental Cap incurred by any Loan Party consisting of the incurrence or issuance of one or more series of senior secured notes or loans, junior lien loans or notes, subordinated loans or notes or senior unsecured loans or notes (in each case in respect of the issuance of notes, whether issued in a public offering, Rule 144A or other private placement or purchase or otherwise) or any bridge financing in lieu of the foregoing, or secured or unsecured mezzanine debt, in each case, to the extent secured, subject to (x) with respect to Incremental Equivalent Debt secured by a Lien on the Collateral that is junior to the Lien securing the Obligations, a Junior Lien Intercreditor Agreement and (y) with respect to Incremental Equivalent Debt 37 4877-1242-0416 

secured by a Lien on the Collateral that is pari passu (but without regard to the control of remedies) with the Liens securing the Obligations, a First Lien Intercreditor Agreement; provided that such Incremental Equivalent Debt shall be subject to the requirements set forth in Sections 2.27(a) mutatis mutandis, except that (a) the requirements set forth in Section 2.27(a)(x)(A) and Section 2.27(a)(xiii) shall not apply to such Indebtedness and (b) the requirements set forth in Section 2.27(a)(vi) and (vii) shall not apply to a customary bridge facility which, subject to customary conditions, automatically convert into long-term debt satisfying the requirements of such clauses. Incremental Commitment : as defined in Section 2.27(a)(i). Incremental Facility : as defined in Section 2.27(a). Incremental Facility Amendment : an amendment to this Agreement executed by each of (a) the applicable Borrowers, (b) the Administrative Agent and (c) each Lender that agrees to provide all or any portion of the Incremental Facility being incurred pursuant thereto and in accordance with Section 2.27. Incremental Loans : as defined in Section 2.27(a). Incremental Revolving Commitments : as defined in Section 2.26(b). Incremental Revolving Facility : as defined in Section 2.27(a). Incremental Revolving Loans : as defined in Section 2.27(a). Incremental Term Facility : as defined in Section 2.27(a). Incremental Term Loans : as defined in Section 2.27(a). Incurred Acquisition Debt : as defined in Section 7.2(p)(i). Incurrence-Based Amount : as defined in Section 1.4(e). Indebtedness : of any Person at any date, without duplication, (a) all indebtedness of such Person for borrowed money, (b) all obligations of such Person for the deferred purchase price of property or services (other than any such obligations incurred in the ordinary course of such Person s business maturing less than one year from the creation thereof), including Contingent Purchase Price Obligations solely to the extent satisfying the definition thereof, (c) all obligations of such Person evidenced by notes, bonds (excluding surety bonds), debentures or other similar instruments (other than an operating lease, synthetic lease or similar arrangement), (d) for the purposes of Sections 7.2 and 8(e) only, all indebtedness created or arising under any conditional sale or other title retention agreement (other than an operating lease) with respect to property acquired by such Person (even though the rights and remedies of the seller or lender under such agreement in the event of default are limited to repossession or sale of such property), (e) for the purposes of Sections 7.2 and 8(e) only, all Capital Lease Obligations of such Person; (f) for the purposes of Sections 7.2 and 8(e) only, all obligations of such Person, contingent or otherwise, as an account party under acceptances, surety bonds or similar arrangements (other than obligations arising out of endorsements of instruments for deposit or collection in the ordinary course of business), (g) all unpaid reimbursement obligations of such Person in respect of drawings under letters of credit and surety bonds and, for purposes of Sections 7.2 and 8(e) only, the face amount of all letters of credit issued for the account of such Person, (h) for the purposes of Sections 7.2 and 8(e) only, all Guarantee Obligations of such Person in respect of obligations of the kind referred to in clauses (a) through (g) above, (i) without limitation of the foregoing, all obligations of the kind referred 38 4877-1242-0416 

to in clauses (a) through (h) above secured by (or for which the holder of such obligation has an existing right, contingent or otherwise, to be secured by) any Lien on property (including accounts and contract rights) owned by such Person, whether or not such Person has assumed or become liable for the payment of such obligation; provided that the amount of any such obligation shall be deemed to be the lesser of the face principal amount thereof and the fair market value of the property subject to such Lien and (j) for the purposes of Sections 7.2 and 8(e) only, all obligations of such Person in respect of Hedge Agreements; provided that, for purposes of Sections 7.2 and 8(e), the amount of Indebtedness included with respect to any such Hedge Agreement shall be based on the net termination value thereof. Notwithstanding the foregoing, overdrafts by the Company and its Subsidiaries in the ordinary course of business in connection with cash management (and not working capital) and trade letter of credit with a maturity of less than 180 days issued in the ordinary course of business shall not constitute Indebtedness. Indemnitee : as defined in Section 10.5. Ineligible Institution : as defined in Section 10.6(b). Information : as defined in Section 4.19(a)(i). Insolvency : with respect to any Multiemployer Plan, the condition that such Plan is insolvent within the meaning of Section 4245 of ERISA. Insolvent : pertaining to a condition of Insolvency. Intellectual Property : all rights, priorities and privileges, whether arising under United States, multinational or foreign laws or otherwise, relating to copyrights, patents, trademarks, technology, know-how and processes and other intellectual property, and all rights to sue at law or in equity for any infringement or other impairment thereof, including the right to receive all proceeds and damages therefrom. Interest Election Request : a request by the borrower to convert or continue a Borrowing in accordance with Section 2.14. Interest Payment Date : (a) with respect to any ABR Loan (other than a Swingline Loan), Japanese Prime Rate Loan or Canadian Prime Rate Loan, (1) the date that is 15 Business Days after the last day of each March, June, September and December and (2) the applicable Maturity Date, (b) with respect to any RFR Loan, (1) each date that is on the numerically corresponding day in each calendar month that is one month after the Borrowing of such RFR Loan (or, if there is no such numerically corresponding day in such month, then the last day of such month) and (2) the applicable Maturity Date, (c) with respect to any Term Benchmark Loan or CDOR Loan, the last day of each Interest Period applicable to the Borrowing of which such Loan is a part and, in the case of a Term Benchmark Borrowing with an Interest Period of more than three months duration, each day prior to the last day of such Interest Period that occurs at intervals of three months duration after the first day of such Interest Period, and the applicable Maturity Date and (d) with respect to any Swingline Loan, the day that such Loan is required to be repaid and the applicable Maturity Date. Interest Period : with respect to any Term Benchmark Borrowing or CDOR Borrowing, the period commencing on the date of such Borrowing and ending on the numerically corresponding day in the calendar month that is one, three or six months thereafter (in each case, subject to the availability for the Benchmark applicable to the relevant Loan or Commitment for any Agreed Currency), as the Borrower may elect; provided, that (i) if any Interest Period would otherwise end on a day other than a Business Day, such Interest Period shall be extended to the next succeeding Business Day unless such 39 4877-1242-0416 

next succeeding Business Day would fall in the next calendar month, in which case such Interest Period shall end on the next preceding Business Day, (ii) any Interest Period that commences on the last Business Day of a calendar month (or on a day for which there is no numerically corresponding day in the last calendar month of such Interest Period) shall end on the last Business Day of the last calendar month of such Interest Period and (iii) no tenor that has been removed from this definition pursuant to Section 2.18(e) (and not reinstated pursuant to such Section) shall be available for specification in such borrowing request or Interest Election Request. For purposes hereof, the date of a Borrowing initially shall be the date on which such Borrowing is made and, in the case of a Revolving Facility Borrowing, thereafter shall be the effective date of the most recent conversion or continuation of such Borrowing. Investments : as defined in Section 7.8. IRS : shall mean the Internal Revenue Service of the United States Department of Treasury. ISDA Definitions : the 2006 ISDA Definitions published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. or any successor thereto, as amended or supplemented from time to time, or any successor definitional booklet for interest rate derivatives published from time to time by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. or such successor thereto. ISP : with respect to any Letter of Credit, the International Standby Practices 1998 published by the International Chamber of Commerce under Publication No. 590 (or such later version thereof as may be in effect at the time of issuance). Issuing Lender : (i) JPMCB, Barclays Bank PLC, Bank of America, N.A., Wells Fargo Bank, National Association and HSBC Bank USA (in each case, which may act through its Affiliates) or (ii) any other Lender (which may act through its Affiliates) requested by the Company and reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent which agrees to act as an Issuing Lender hereunder, in each case its capacity as issuer of any Letter of Credit. Each reference herein to Issuing Lender shall be deemed to be a reference to the relevant Issuing Lender. Japanese Prime Rate : for any Loan denominated in Yen the greater of (a) (i) the Japanese local bank prime rate plus (ii) the Japanese Prime Rate Adjustment and (b) the Floor. Japanese Prime Rate Adjustment : for any day, for any Loan denominated in Yen, a rate equal to the difference (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) of (i) the average of the Adjusted TIBOR Rate for the five most recent Business Days preceding such day for which the TIBOR Screen Rate was available (excluding, from such averaging, the highest and the lowest Adjusted TIBOR Rate applicable during such period of five Business Days) minus (ii) the Japanese Prime Rate in effect on the last Business Day in such period. For purposes of this definition, the TIBOR Rate on any day shall be based on the TIBOR Screen Rate on such day at approximately the time referred to in the definition of such term for deposits in Yen for a maturity of one month. Joinder Agreement : as defined in Section 2.29(a)(i). Joint Venture : any Person in which the Company and/or its Subsidiaries hold less than a majority of the Capital Stock, and which does not constitute a Subsidiary of the Company, whether direct or indirect. JPMCB : JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. 40 4877-1242-0416 

Junior Lien Intercreditor Agreement : an intercreditor agreement in a form reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent and the Company among the Company, the Subsidiary Guarantors from time to time party thereto, the Administrative Agent and an Other Debt Representative for the holders of Indebtedness that is permitted under Sections 7.2 and 7.3 to be, and is intended to be, secured by a Lien on the Collateral that is junior to the Liens securing the Obligations. Judgment Currency : as defined in Section 10.21(b). Knowledge or to the Knowledge : of any Loan Party or any Subsidiaries of any Loan Party, the actual knowledge, after reasonable good faith investigation, of a Responsible Officer of such Loan Party or such Subsidiary. L/C Commitment : as to any Revolving Lender, the obligation of such Revolving Lender to issue Letters of Credit pursuant to Section 3 in an aggregate undrawn, unexpired face amount plus the aggregate unreimbursed drawn amount thereof at any time not to exceed the amount set forth under the heading L/C Commitment opposite such Revolving Lender s name on Schedule 1.1A or in the Assignment and Assumption pursuant to which such Revolving Lender becomes a party hereto, in each case, as the same may be changed from time to time pursuant to the terms hereof. L/C Exposure : at any time, the sum of (a) the aggregate undrawn amount of all outstanding Letters of Credit at such time (with respect to any Existing Letters of Credit in a Foreign Currency, based on the Dollar Equivalent thereof) plus (b) the aggregate amount of all payments, made by an Issuing Lender pursuant to a Letter of Credit, that have not yet been reimbursed by or on behalf of the applicable Borrower at such time (with respect to any Existing Letters of Credit in a Foreign Currency, based on the Dollar Equivalent thereof). The L/C Exposure of any Revolving Lender at any time shall be, with respect to such Lender, such Lender s applicable percentage of the total L/C Exposure at such time. L/C Fee Payment Date : the second Business Day of each January, April, July or October and the last day of the Revolving Commitment Period. L/C Obligations : at any time, an amount equal to the sum of (a) the aggregate then undrawn and unexpired amount of the then outstanding Letters of Credit (with respect to any Existing Letters of Credit in a Foreign Currency, based on the Dollar Equivalent thereof) and (b) the aggregate amount of drawings under Letters of Credit that have not then been reimbursed pursuant to Section 3.5 (with respect to any Existing Letters of Credit in a Foreign Currency, based on the Dollar Equivalent thereof). For all purposes of this Agreement, if on any date of determination a Letter of Credit has expired by its terms but any amount may still be drawn thereunder by reason of the operation of Rule 3.14 of the ISP, or a Letter of Credit subject to UCP600 allows extension of the expiration date of such Letter of Credit for reasons of Force Majeure stated in Article 36 of UCP600, such Letter of Credit shall be deemed to be outstanding in the amount so remaining available to be drawn. L/C Participants : with respect to any Letter of Credit issued by an Issuing Lender, the collective reference to all the Revolving Lenders other than the Issuing Lender with respect to such Letter of Credit. Latest Maturity Date : at any date of determination, the latest maturity or expiration date applicable to any Loan or Commitment hereunder at such time, including the latest maturity or expiration date of any Term Loan. Lender Affiliate : (a) with respect to any Lender (i) an Affiliate of such Lender or (ii) any entity (whether a corporation, partnership, trust or otherwise) that is engaged in making, purchasing, 41 4877-1242-0416 

holding or otherwise investing in bank loans and similar extensions of credit in the ordinary course of its business and is administered or managed by such Lender or an Affiliate of such Lender and (b) with respect to any Lender that is a fund which invests in bank loans and similar extensions of credit, any other fund that invests in bank loans and similar extensions of credit and is managed by the same investment advisor as such Lender or by an Affiliate of such investment advisor. Lender Cash Management Obligations : Cash Management Obligations owed to any Person who is, or was, the Administrative Agent or a Lender (or any Affiliate of the Administrative Agent or any Lender) (x) at the time the agreement governing such Cash Management Obligations was entered into, with respect to any Cash Management Obligations arising from agreement entered into after the Closing Date or (y) as of the Closing Date, with respect to any Cash Management Obligations arising from agreement existing on the Closing Date, in each case of clauses (x) and (y), regardless of whether such Person subsequently ceases to be the Administrative Agent or a Lender or an Affiliate of the Administrative Agent or a Lender (each such Person, a Lender Cash Management Counterparty ). Lender Hedge Agreements : as defined in the Guarantee Agreement. Lenders : as defined in the preamble hereto. Letters of Credit : as defined in Section 3.1(a). Letter of Credit Expiration Date : the day that is five (5) Business Days prior to the scheduled maturity date then in effect for the applicable Class, series or tranche of Revolving Commitments (or, if day is not a Business Day, the next succeeding Business Day). LIBO Interpolated Rate : at any time, with respect to any Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in Dollars and for any Interest Period, the rate per annum (rounded to the same number of decimal places as the LIBO Screen Rate) determined by the Administrative Agent (which determination shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error) to be equal to the rate that results from interpolating on a linear basis between: (a) the LIBO Screen Rate for the longest period (for which the LIBO Screen Rate is available for the applicable Agreed Currency) that is shorter than the Impacted LIBO Rate Interest Period; and (b) the LIBO Screen Rate for the shortest period (for which the LIBO Screen Rate is available for the applicable Agreed Currency) that exceeds the Impacted LIBO Rate Interest Period, in each case, at such time; provided that if any LIBO Interpolated Rate shall be less than zero, such rate shall be deemed to be zero for the purposes of this Agreement. LIBO Rate : with respect to any Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in Dollars and for any Interest Period, the LIBO Screen Rate at approximately 11:00 a.m., London time, two Business Days prior to the commencement of such Interest Period; provided that if the LIBO Screen Rate shall not be available at such time for such Interest Period (an Impacted LIBO Rate Interest Period with respect to Dollars then the LIBO Rate shall be the LIBO Interpolated Rate. LIBO Screen Rate : for any day and time, with respect to any Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in Dollars and for any Interest Period, the London interbank offered rate as administered by ICE Benchmark Administration (or any other Person that takes over the administration of such rate) for Dollars for a period equal in length to such Interest Period as displayed on such day and time on pages LIBOR01 or LIBOR02 of the Reuters screen that displays such rate (or, in the event such rate does not appear on a Reuters page or screen, on any successor or substitute page on such screen that displays such rate, or on the appropriate page of such other information service that publishes such rate from time to time as selected by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion); provided that if the LIBO 42 4877-1242-0416 

Screen Rate as so determined would be less than 0.00 , such rate shall be deemed to be 0.00 for the purposes of this Agreement. LIBOR : as defined in Section 1.6. Lien : any mortgage, pledge, hypothecation, assignment, deposit arrangement, encumbrance, lien (statutory or other), charge or other security interest or any preference, priority or other security agreement (including any conditional sale or other title retention agreement and any capitalfinance lease having substantially the same economic effect as any of the foregoing). Limited Condition Transaction : as defined in Section 1.4(d). Loan : any loan made by any Lender pursuant to this Agreement. Loan Documents : this Agreement, the Guarantee Agreement, the Security Documents and the Notes, as the same may be amended, modified or supplemented from time to time. Loan Parties : each Borrower and each Subsidiary of the Company that is a party to a Loan Document. For the avoidance of doubt, the Loan Parties as of the Closing Date are set forth on Schedule 1.1E hereto. Local Time : (i) New York City time in the case of a Loan or borrowing disbursement denominated in U.S. Dollars, (ii) Toronto time in the case of a Loan or borrowing disbursement denominated in Canadian Dollars and (iii) London time in the case of a Loan or borrowing disbursement denominated in any other Foreign Currency (or any such other local time as otherwise notified to or communicated by the Administrative Agent). Long-Term Indebtedness : any Indebtedness that, in accordance with GAAP, constitutes (or, when incurred, constituted) a long-term liability; provided that revolving indebtedness shall not constitute Long-Term Indebtedness. Majority Facility Lenders : with respect to any Facility, the holders of more than 50.0 of the aggregate unpaid principal amount of the Total Revolving Extensions of Credit (excluding Revolving Extensions of Credit held by Defaulting Lenders) under the Revolving Facility, the aggregate unpaid principal amount of the Tranche A Term Loans outstanding under such Facility or in the case of the Revolving Facility, prior to any termination of the Revolving Commitments, the holders (other than Defaulting Lenders) of more than 50.0 of the Total Revolving Commitments (excluding Revolving Commitments of Defaulting Lenders). Material Acquisition : any acquisition, or a series of related acquisitions by the Company or any Subsidiary, of (a) Capital Stock in any Person if, after giving effect thereto, such Person will become a Subsidiary or (b) assets comprising all or substantially all the assets of (or all or substantially all the assets constituting a business unit, division, product line or line of business of) any Person; provided that the aggregate consideration therefor (including Indebtedness assumed in connection therewith, all obligations in respect of deferred purchase price (including obligations under any purchase price adjustment, as estimated in good faith by the Company, but excluding earnout, contingent payment or similar payments) and all other consideration payable in connection therewith (including payment obligations in respect of noncompetition agreements or other arrangements representing acquisition consideration)) exceeds 100,000,000. 43 4877-1242-0416 

Material Adverse Effect : a material adverse effect on (a) the business, property, operations or financial condition of the Company and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole, (b) the ability of the Loan Parties, taken as a whole, to perform their payment obligations under the Loan Documents or (c) the rights of or benefits available to the Lenders, taken as a whole, under this Agreement or any other Loan Document. Materials of Environmental Concern : any gasoline or petroleum (including crude oil or any fraction thereof) or petroleum products or any hazardous or toxic substances, materials or wastes, in each case that are defined or regulated as such in or under any Requirement of Law relating to the environment, including asbestos, polychlorinated biphenyls and urea-formaldehyde insulation. Maturity Date : (a) with respect to the Revolving Facility, the Revolving Termination Date, (b) with respect to the Tranche A Term Loans, the Tranche A Final Maturity Date, and (c) with respect to any other Facility, the final maturity date applicable thereto. Maximum Rate : as defined in Section 10.19. Moody s : as defined in the definition of Cash Equivalents . Mortgaged Properties : the real properties subject to the Mortgages designated in part (a) of Schedule 1.1B and any other real properties required to be mortgaged pursuant to Section 6.9; provided that Mortgaged Properties shall not include any leased real property. Mortgages : each mortgage, deed of trust, deed to secure debt, trust deed or any other security document entered into by the owner of a Mortgaged Property in favor of the Administrative Agent for the benefit of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders creating a lien on such Mortgaged Property in such form as reasonably agreed between the Company and the Administrative Agent, as the same may be amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time; provided, however, in the event any Mortgaged Property is located in a jurisdiction which imposes mortgage recording taxes or similar fees, the applicable Mortgage shall not secure an amount in excess of 100.0 of the fair market value of such Mortgaged Property. Multiemployer Plan : a Plan that is a multiemployer plan as defined in Section 4001(a)(3) of ERISA. Net Cash Proceeds : (a) in connection with any Asset Sale or any Recovery Event, the proceeds thereof in the form of cash and Cash Equivalents (including any such proceeds received by way of deferred payment of principal pursuant to a note or installment receivable or purchase price adjustment receivable or otherwise, but only as and when received), net of attorneys fees, accountants fees, investment banking fees, amounts required to be applied to the repayment of Indebtedness secured by a Lien expressly permitted hereunder on any asset that is the subject of such Asset Sale or Recovery Event, as applicable (other than any Lien pursuant to a Security Document and other than (i) any Incremental Equivalent Debt, (ii) Credit Agreement Refinancing Indebtedness, (iii) Ratio Debt, (iv) Incurred Acquisition Debt or (v) any other Indebtedness outstanding at such time that, in each case, is secured by a Lien on the Collateral that is pari passu (but without regard to the control of remedies) with the Liens securing the Obligations) and other fees and expenses actually incurred in connection therewith and net of taxes paid or reasonably estimated to be payable as a result thereof (after taking into account any available tax credits or deductions and any tax sharing arrangements) and (b) in connection with any issuance or sale of Capital Stock or any incurrence of Indebtedness, the cash proceeds received from such 44 4877-1242-0416 

issuance or incurrence, net of attorneys fees, investment banking fees, accountants fees, underwriting discounts and commissions and other fees and expenses actually incurred in connection therewith. Netted Cash : at any date of determination, the aggregate amount of all unrestricted cash and Cash Equivalents of the Company and its Restricted Subsidiaries as of such date. New York Process Agent : as defined in Section 10.12(b). Non-Consenting Lender : as defined in Section 2.24. Non-Excluded Taxes : Taxes imposed on or with respect to any payment made by or on account of any obligation of the Company under any Loan Document, other than Taxes that are (i) Taxes imposed on or measured by net income (however denominated), franchise taxes, and branch profits taxes (A) imposed as a result of the Administrative Agent or any Lender being organized under the laws of, or having its principal office or, in the case of any Lender, its applicable lending office located in, the jurisdiction imposing such Tax (or any political subdivision thereof) or (B) imposed on the Administrative Agent or any Lender as a result of a present or former connection between the Administrative Agent or such Lender and the jurisdiction of the Governmental Authority imposing such Tax or any political subdivision or taxing authority thereof or therein (other than any such connection arising solely from the Administrative Agent or such Lender having executed, delivered, become a party to, performed its obligations under, received payments under, received or perfected a security interest under, engaged in any other transaction pursuant to, or enforced this Agreement or any Loan Document), (ii) attributable to a Lender s failure to comply with the requirements of paragraph (e) or (f) of Section 2.21, (iii) withholding taxes imposed on amounts payable to or for the account of a Lender with respect to an applicable interest in a Loan or Commitment pursuant to a law in effect on the date on which such Lender becomes a party to this Agreement or changes its lending office, except to the extent that, pursuant to Section 2.21, amounts with respect to such Taxes were payable either to such Lender s assignor (if any) immediately before such Lender acquired such interest or to such Lender immediately before it changed its lending office or (iv) any withholding Taxes imposed pursuant to FATCA. Non-Expiring Credit Commitment : as defined in Section 2.9(e). Non-U.S. Lender : as defined in Section 2.21(f)(ii). Notes : the collective reference to any promissory note evidencing Loans. Notice of Designation : as defined in Section 2.29(a)(i). NYFRB : the Federal Reserve Bank of New York. NYFRB s Website : the website of the NYFRB at http://www.newyorkfed.org, or any successor source. NYFRB Rate : for any day, the greater of (a) the Federal Funds Effective Rate in effect on such day and (b) the Overnight Bank Funding Rate in effect on such day (or for any day that is not a Business Day, for the immediately preceding Business Day); provided that if none of such rates are published for any day that is a Business Day, the term NYFRB Rate : the rate for a federal funds transaction quoted at 11:00 a.m. on such day received by the Administrative Agent from a federal funds broker of recognized standing selected by it; provided, further, that if any of the aforesaid rates as so determined be less than 0.00 , such rate shall be deemed to be 0.00 for purposes of this Agreement. 45 4877-1242-0416 

Objecting Lender : as defined in Section 2.29(b). Obligations : the unpaid principal of and interest on (including interest accruing after the maturity of the Loans and Reimbursement Obligations and interest accruing after the filing of any petition in bankruptcy, or the commencement of any insolvency, reorganization or like proceeding, relating to the Borrowers, whether or not a claim for post-filing or post-petition interest is allowed in such proceeding) the Loans and all other obligations and liabilities of the Borrowers to the Administrative Agent or to any Lender (or, in the case of Lender Hedge Agreements or Lender Cash Management Obligations, any Affiliate of the Administrative Agent or any Lender), whether direct or indirect, absolute or contingent, due or to become due, or now existing or hereafter incurred, which may arise under, out of, or in connection with, this Agreement, any other Loan Document (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any guarantee of Lender Cash Management Obligations and Lender Hedge Agreements in each case arising under the Guarantee Agreement), the Letters of Credit, Lender Cash Management Obligations, Lender Hedge Agreements or any other document made, delivered or given in connection herewith or therewith, whether on account of principal, interest, reimbursement obligations, fees, indemnities, costs, expenses (including all fees, charges and disbursements of counsel to the Administrative Agent or to any Lender that are required to be paid by the Borrowers pursuant hereto) or otherwise. Other Applicable Asset Sale Indebtedness : as defined in Section 2.13(b). Other Benchmark Rate Election : with respect to any Loan denominated in Dollars, if the then-current Benchmark is the LIBO Rate, the occurrence of: (a) a request by the Borrower to the Administrative Agent to notify each of the other parties hereto that, at the determination of the Borrower, Dollar-denominated syndicated credit facilities at such time contain (as a result of amendment or as originally executed), in lieu of a LIBOR-based rate, a term benchmark rate as a benchmark rate, and (b) the Administrative Agent, in its sole discretion, and the Borrower jointly elect to trigger a fallback from the LIBO Rate and the provision, as applicable, by the Administrative Agent of written notice of such election to the Borrower and the Lenders. Other Debt Representative : with respect to any series of Indebtedness permitted to be incurred and secured by a Lien on the Collateral that is pari passu (but without regard to the control of remedies) with or junior to the Lien securing the Obligations, the trustee, administrative agent, collateral agent, security agent or similar agent under the indenture or agreement pursuant to which such Indebtedness is issued, incurred or otherwise obtained, as the case may be, and each of their successors in such capacities. Other Revolving Commitments : one or more Classes of revolving credit commitments hereunder that result from a Refinancing Amendment. Other Revolving Loans : one or more Classes of Revolving Credit Loans that result from a Refinancing Amendment. Other Taxes : all present or future stamp, court or documentary, intangible, recording, filing or any other similar Taxes imposed by the United States or any political subdivision thereof, that arise from any payment made under, from the execution, delivery or enforcement of, from the receipt or perfection 46 4877-1242-0416 

of a security interest under, or otherwise with respect to, this Agreement or any other Loan Document, except any such Taxes imposed with respect to an assignment. Overnight Bank Funding Rate : for any day, the rate comprised of both overnight federal funds and overnight Term Benchmark borrowingseurodollar transactions denominated in Dollars by U.S.-managed banking offices of depository institutions, as such composite rate shall be determined by the NYFRB as set forth on the NYFRB s Website from time to time, and published on the next succeeding Business Day by the NYFRB as an overnight bank funding rate. Participant : as defined in Section 10.6(b). Participant Register : as defined in Section 10.6(b). Participating Member State : each state so described in any EMU legislation. Patriot Act : the USA PATRIOT Act, Title III of Pub. L. 107-56, signed into law on October 26, 2001 or any subsequent legislation that amends, supplements or supersedes such Act. Payment : as defined in Section 9.6(c)(i). Payment Notice : as defined in Section 9.6(c)(ii). PBGC : the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation established pursuant to Subtitle A of Title IV of ERISA (or any successor). Permitted First Priority Refinancing Debt : any Permitted First Priority Refinancing Notes and any Permitted First Priority Refinancing Loans. Permitted First Priority Refinancing Loans : any Credit Agreement Refinancing Indebtedness in the form of secured loans incurred by the Company and/or the Subsidiary Guarantors in the form of one or more tranches of loans under this Agreement; provided that (i) such Indebtedness is secured by a Lien on the Collateral that is pari passu (but without regard to the control of remedies) with the Liens securing the Obligations and (ii) such Indebtedness meets the Permitted Other Debt Conditions. Permitted First Priority Refinancing Notes : any Credit Agreement Refinancing Indebtedness in the form of secured Indebtedness (including any Registered Equivalent Notes) incurred by the Company and/or the Subsidiary Guarantors in the form of one or more series of senior secured notes (whether issued in a public offering, Rule 144A, private placement or otherwise) or loans not under this Agreement; provided that (i) such Indebtedness is secured by a Lien on the Collateral that is pari passu (but without regard to the control of remedies) with the Liens securing the Obligations, (ii) such Indebtedness meets the Permitted Other Debt Conditions and (iii) an Other Debt Representative acting on behalf of the holders of such Indebtedness shall have become party to a First Lien Intercreditor Agreement and, if required thereby, any other Applicable Intercreditor Agreement then in effect. Permitted First Priority Refinancing Notes will include any Registered Equivalent Notes issued in exchange therefor. Permitted Junior Lien Refinancing Debt : Credit Agreement Refinancing Indebtedness constituting secured Indebtedness (including any Registered Equivalent Notes) incurred by the Company and/or the Subsidiary Guarantors in the form of one or more series of junior lien secured notes or junior lien secured loans; provided that (i) such Indebtedness is secured by a Lien on the Collateral that is junior to the Liens securing the Obligations, (ii) such Indebtedness meets the Permitted Other Debt Conditions and (iii) an Other Debt Representative acting on behalf of the holders of such Indebtedness shall have 47 4877-1242-0416 

become party to the Junior Lien Intercreditor Agreement as a Junior Priority Representative (or similar term, in each case, to be defined in the Junior Lien Intercreditor Agreement). Permitted Junior Lien Refinancing Debt will include any Registered Equivalent Notes issued in exchange therefor. Permitted Other Debt Conditions : with respect to any Indebtedness, that such applicable Indebtedness (i) is issued, incurred or otherwise obtained (including by means of the extension or renewal of existing Indebtedness) in exchange for, or to extend, renew, replace, repurchase, retire or refinance, in whole or part, existing Term Loans and Revolving Loans (or Commitments in respect to Revolving Loans), or any then-existing Credit Agreement Refinancing Indebtedness Refinanced Debt ), (ii) has a maturity no earlier than, and a Weighted Average Life to Maturity equal to or greater than the applicable Refinanced Debt, (iii) is not at any time guaranteed by any Subsidiaries other than Subsidiaries that are Guarantors, and (iv) is not secured by any property or assets of the Company or any Subsidiaries other than the Collateral. Permitted Payee : any future, current or former director, officer, member of management, manager, employee, independent contractor or consultant (or any Affiliate, immediate family member or transferee of any of the foregoing) of the Company (or any Subsidiary). Permitted Receivables Financing : (a) any sale by the Company or a Subsidiary of accounts receivable and related assets to a Finance Subsidiary intended to be (and which shall be treated for the purposes hereof as) a true sale transaction with customary limited recourse based upon the collectability of the receivables sold and the corresponding sale or pledge of such accounts receivable and related assets (or an interest therein) by the Finance Subsidiary, in each case without any guarantee of the collectability of such accounts receivable by the Company or any other Subsidiary thereof (other than by such Finance Subsidiary); (b) (i) any sale by the Company or a Subsidiary of accounts receivable and related assets under a factoring agreement that is intended to be (and which shall be treated for the purposes hereof as) a true sale transaction with customary limited recourse based upon collectability of the receivables sold, without any guarantee by the Company and any other Subsidiary thereof of the collectability of such accounts receivable and (ii) any sale or financing by any Foreign Subsidiary to or with local buyers or lenders of accounts receivable and related assets in the ordinary course of business, in each case without any guarantee by the Company or any Domestic Subsidiary; and (c) any Existing Receivables Financing. The aggregate principal amount of the proceeds received from parties outside the Company s consolidated group and which remain outstanding in all transactions described in the preceding clauses (a), (b) and (c) shall not exceed the sum of (i) the aggregate principal amount of the Existing Receivables Financing on the Closing Date (provided that any amounts outstanding or permitted to be incurred under Existing Receivables Financing on the Closing Date shall be treated as being incurred as of the Closing Date, whether or not incurred and outstanding as of such date, and so long as the total amount outstanding under Existing Receivables Financing does not exceed the total amount permitted to be incurred under Existing Receivables Financing as of the Closing Date, any subsequent incurrence of Indebtedness under Existing Receivables Financing shall not be deemed, for purposes of this definition, to be an incurrence of additional Indebtedness at such subsequent time), plus (ii) 250,000,000. In addition to accounts receivables and their proceeds, the related assets transferred in a Permitted Receivables Financing may include (A) any collateral for transferred receivables (other than any interest in goods the sale of which gave rise to such receivables) and any agreements supporting or securing payment of transferred receivables, (B) any service contracts or other agreements associated with such receivables and records relating to such receivables, (C) any bank account or lock box maintained primarily for the purpose of receiving collections of transferred receivables and (D) proceeds of all of the foregoing. Permitted Refinancing : with respect to any Person, any modification, refinancing, refunding, renewal, replacement or extension (collectively, a Refinancing and the Indebtedness being so 48 4877-1242-0416 

Refinanced, the Refinanced Indebtedness of any Indebtedness of such Person; provided that (a) the principal amount (or accreted value, if applicable) thereof does not exceed the principal amount (or accreted value, if applicable) of the Indebtedness so modified, refinanced, refunded, renewed, replaced or extended except by an amount equal to (x) unpaid accrued interest, penalties and premiums (including tender, prepayment or repayment premiums) thereon plus underwriting discounts and other customary fees, commissions and expenses (including upfront fees, original issue discount or initial yield payment) incurred in connection with such modification, refinancing, refunding, renewal, replacement or extension, (y) any existing commitments unutilized thereunder and (z) additional amounts permitted to be incurred under Section 7.2 and, to the extent secured by a Lien, Section 7.3 (and, in each case, the applicable clause of Section 7.2 and Section 7.3 shall be deemed to be utilized by the amount so incurred), (b) other than with respect to a Permitted Refinancing in respect of Indebtedness permitted pursuant to Section 7.2(e), such modification, refinancing, refunding, renewal, replacement or extension has a maturity no earlier than, and a Weighted Average Life to Maturity equal to or greater than the Indebtedness being modified, refinanced, refunded, renewed, replaced or extended, (c) if such Refinanced Indebtedness is subordinated in right of payment to the Obligations, such modification, refinancing, refunding, renewal, replacement or extension is subordinated in right of payment to the Obligations on terms at least as favorable to the Lenders as those contained in the documentation governing the Refinanced Indebtedness, (d) such modification, refinancing, refunding, renewal, replacement or extension has no different obligors, or greater guarantees or security than the Refinanced Indebtedness (provided that (i) Indebtedness of any Loan Party may be Refinanced to add or substitute as an obligor another Loan Party and (ii) any Indebtedness of any Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party may be Refinanced to add or substitute as an obligor another Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party, in each case to the extent then permitted under Section 7.2) and (d) if the Indebtedness being modified, refinanced, refunded, renewed, replaced or extended was subject to an Applicable Intercreditor Agreement, the holders of such modified, refinanced, refunded, renewed, replaced or extended Indebtedness (if such Indebtedness is secured) or their representative on their behalf shall become party to the Applicable Intercreditor Agreement(s). Permitted Reorganization : any transaction or undertaking, including Investments, in connection with internal reorganizations and or restructurings (including in connection with tax planning and corporate reorganizations), so long as, after giving effect thereto, (a) the Loan Parties shall comply with the requirements set forth in Section 6.9, (b) neither the guarantee of the Obligations provided to the Credit Parties pursuant to the Guarantee Agreement, taken as a whole, nor the security interest of the Credit Parties (as defined in the Collateral Agreement) in the Collateral, taken as a whole, is materially impaired (including by a material portion of the assets that constitute Collateral immediately prior to such Permitted Reorganization no longer constituting Collateral) as a result of such Permitted Reorganization and (c) the Company shall not change its jurisdiction of organization or formation in connection therewith to a jurisdiction outside of the United States. Permitted Sale/Leasebacks : as defined in Section 7.11. Permitted Unsecured Refinancing Debt : Credit Agreement Refinancing Indebtedness in the form of unsecured Indebtedness (including any Registered Equivalent Notes) incurred by the Company and/or the Subsidiary Guarantors in the form of one or more series of unsecured notes or loans; provided that such Indebtedness meets the Permitted Other Debt Conditions (to the extent applicable thereto). Permitted Unsecured Refinancing Debt will include any Registered Equivalent Notes issued in exchange therefor. 49 4877-1242-0416 

Person : an individual, partnership, corporation, limited liability company, business trust, joint stock company, trust, unincorporated association, joint venture, Governmental Authority or other entity of whatever nature. Plan : at a particular time, any employee benefit plan (as defined by Section 3(3) of ERISA) that is subject to Title IV of ERISA and in respect of which the Company or a Commonly Controlled Entity is (or, if such plan were terminated at such time, would under Section 4069 of ERISA be deemed to be) an employer as defined in Section 3(5) of ERISA. Plan Asset Regulations : 29 CFR 2510.3-101, as modified by Section 3(42) of ERISA, as amended from time to time. Pricing Grid : the pricing grid attached hereto as Annex A. Pricing Level : as defined in the Pricing Grid. Prime Rate : the rate of interest last quoted by The Wall Street Journal as the Prime Rate in the U.S. or, if The Wall Street Journal ceases to quote such rate, the highest per annum interest rate published by the Federal Reserve Board in Federal Reserve Statistical Release H.15 (519) (Selected Interest Rates) as the bank prime loan rate or, if such rate is no longer quoted therein, any similar rate quoted therein (as determined by the Administrative Agent) or any similar release by the Federal Reserve Board (as determined by the Administrative Agent). Each change in the Prime Rate shall be effective from and including the date such change is publicly announced or quoted as being effective. Pro Forma Basis or pro forma effect : with respect to any determination of the Total Leverage Ratio, the First Lien Leverage Ratio, the Senior Secured Leverage Ratio, the Consolidated Interest Coverage Ratio, Consolidated EBITDA or Consolidated Net Income (including component definitions thereof), that each Specified Transaction shall be deemed to have occurred as of the first day of the applicable Test Period with respect to any test or covenant for which such calculation is being made and that: (a) (i) in the case of (A) any Disposition of all or substantially all of the Capital Stock of any Subsidiary or any division and/or product line of the Company or any Subsidiary or (B) any designation of a Subsidiary as an Unrestricted Subsidiary, income statement items (whether positive or negative) attributable to the property or Person subject to such Specified Transaction, shall be excluded as of the first day of the applicable Test Period with respect to any test or covenant for which the relevant determination is being made and (ii) in the case of any permitted acquisition, Investment and/or designation of an Unrestricted Subsidiary as a Subsidiary described in the definition of the term Specified Transaction , income statement items (whether positive or negative) attributable to the property or Person subject to such Specified Transaction shall be included as of the first day of the applicable Test Period with respect to any test or covenant for which the relevant determination is being made; provided that any pro forma adjustment may be applied to any such test or covenant solely to the extent that such adjustment is consistent with, subject to the limitations set forth in and without duplication with respect to the application of, the definition of Consolidated EBITDA , (b) any Expected Cost Savings shall be calculated on a Pro Forma Basis as though such Expected Cost Savings had been realized on the first day of the applicable Test Period and as if such Expected Cost Savings were realized in full during the entirety of such period; provided that any pro forma adjustment may be applied to any such test or covenant solely to the extent that such adjustment is 50 4877-1242-0416 

consistent with, subject to the limitations set forth in and without duplication with respect to the application of, the definition of Consolidated EBITDA , (c) any retirement or repayment of Indebtedness (other than normal fluctuations in revolving Indebtedness incurred for working capital purposes) shall be deemed to have occurred as of the first day of the applicable Test Period with respect to any test or covenant for which the relevant determination is being made, and (d) any Indebtedness incurred by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries in connection therewith shall be deemed to have occurred as of the first day of the applicable Test Period with respect to any test or covenant for which the relevant determination is being made; provided that (x) if such Indebtedness has a floating or formula rate, such Indebtedness shall have an implied rate of interest for the applicable Test Period for purposes of this definition determined by utilizing the rate that is or would be in effect with respect to such Indebtedness at the relevant date of determination (taking into account any interest hedging arrangements applicable to such Indebtedness), (y) interest on any obligation with respect to any capitalfinance lease shall be deemed to accrue at an interest rate determined by a Responsible Officer of the Company in good faith to be the rate of interest implicit in such obligation in accordance with GAAP and (z) interest on any Indebtedness that may optionally be determined at an interest rate based upon a factor of a prime or similar rate, a Term Benchmark Loan interbank offered rate or other rate shall be determined to have been based upon the rate actually chosen, or if none, then based upon such optional rate chosen by the Company. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in the immediately preceding paragraph, for the avoidance of doubt, when calculating the Total Leverage Ratio and the Senior Secured Leverage Ratio for purposes of the definitions of Applicable Margin , Commitment Fee Rate , Applicable Prepayment Percentage and Pricing Level and for purposes of the Financial Covenants (other than for the purpose of determining pro forma compliance with the Financial Covenants as a condition to taking any action under this Agreement), the events described in the immediately preceding paragraph that occurred subsequent to the end of the applicable Test Period shall not be given pro forma effect. Proceeding : as defined in Section 10.5. Projections : the financial projections for the Company and its Subsidiaries through December 31, 2026 delivered to the Arrangers on October 26, 2021. Properties : as defined in Section 4.18(a). Proposed Foreign Subsidiary Borrower : as defined in Section 2.29(b). PTE : a prohibited transaction class exemption issued by the U.S. Department of Labor, as any such exemption may be amended from time to time. QFC : has the meaning assigned to the term qualified financial contract in, and shall be interpreted in accordance with, 12 U.S.C. 5390(c)(8)(D). QFC Credit Support : as defined in Section 10.25. Qualified Capital Stock : Capital Stock of the Company in respect of which no scheduled, mandatory or required payments are due (other than payments in kind) prior to the Latest Maturity Date. Ratio Debt : as defined in Section 7.2(l)(i). 51 4877-1242-0416 

Reclassifiable Item : as defined in Section 1.4(a). Recovery Event : any settlement of or payment in respect of any property or casualty insurance claim or any condemnation proceeding relating to any asset of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries. Reference Time : with respect to any setting of the then-current Benchmark (1) if such Benchmark is the LIBOTerm SOFR Rate, 11:00 a.m. (London5:00 a.m. (Chicago time) on the day that is two London bankingU.S. Government Securities Business dDays preceding the date of such setting, (2) if such Benchmark is EURIBOR Rate, 11:00 a.m. Brussels time two TARGET Days preceding the date of such setting, (3) if such Benchmark is TIBOR Rate, 11:00 a.m. Japan time two Business Days preceding the date of such setting, (4) if the RFR for such Benchmark is SONIA, then four RFR Business Days prior to such setting, (5) if the RFR for such Benchmark is SARON, then five RFR Business Days prior to such setting or, (6) if the RFR for such Benchmark is Daily Simple SOFR, then four RFR Business Days prior to such setting, or (7) if such Benchmark is none of the LIBOTerm SOFR Rate, the EURIBOR Rate, the TIBOR Rate, SONIA or, SARON or Daily Simple SOFR, the time determined by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion. Refinanced Debt : as defined in the definition of Permitted Other Debt Conditions . Refinanced Indebtedness : as defined in the definition of Permitted Refinancing . Refinancing Amendment : an amendment to this Agreement executed by each of (a) the Company, (b) the Administrative Agent, (c) each Additional Refinancing Lender and (d) each Lender that agrees to provide any portion of Refinancing Term Loans or Other Revolving Commitments in accordance with Section 2.30. Refinancing Series : Refinancing Term Loans or Refinancing Term Commitments that are established pursuant to the same Refinancing Amendment (or any subsequent Refinancing Amendment to the extent such Refinancing Amendment expressly provides that the Refinancing Term Loans or Refinancing Term Commitments provided for therein are intended to be a part of any previously established Refinancing Series) and that provide for the same All-in Yield and, in the case of Refinancing Term Loans or Refinancing Term Commitments, amortization schedule. Refinancing Term Commitments : one or more Classes of Term Commitments hereunder that are established to fund Refinancing Term Loans of the applicable Refinancing Series hereunder pursuant to a Refinancing Amendment. Refinancing Term Loans : one or more Classes of Term Loans hereunder that result from a Refinancing Amendment. Register : as defined in Section 10.6(d). Registered Equivalent Notes : with respect to any notes originally issued in an offering pursuant to Rule 144A under the Securities Act or other private placement transaction under the Securities Act of 1933, substantially identical notes (having the same guarantees) issued in a dollar-for-dollar exchange therefor pursuant to an exchange offer registered with the SEC. Regulation U : Regulation U of the Board as in effect from time to time. Reimbursement Obligation : the obligation of the applicable Borrower to reimburse an Issuing Lender pursuant to Section 3.5 for amounts drawn under Letters of Credit. 52 4877-1242-0416 

Related Parties : as defined in Section 10.5. Relevant Governmental Body : (a) with respect to a Benchmark Replacement in respect of Loans denominated in Dollars, the Federal Reserve Board and/or the NYFRB, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Federal Reserve Board and/or the NYFRB or, in each case, any successor thereto, (b) with respect to a Benchmark Replacement in respect of Loans denominated in Sterling, the Bank of England, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Bank of England or, in each case, any successor thereto, (c) with respect to a Benchmark Replacement in respect of Loans denominated in Euros, the European Central Bank, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the European Central Bank or, in each case, any successor thereto, (d) with respect to a Benchmark Replacement in respect of Loans denominated in Swiss Francs, the Swiss National Bank, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Swiss National Bank or, in each case, any successor thereto, (e) with respect to a Benchmark Replacement in respect of Loans denominated in Yen, the Bank of Japan, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Bank of Japan or, in each case, any successor thereto, and (f) with respect to a Benchmark Replacement in respect of Loans denominated in any other currency, (i) the central bank for the currency in which such Benchmark Replacement is denominated or any central bank or other supervisor which is responsible for supervising either (A) such Benchmark Replacement or (B) the administrator of such Benchmark Replacement or (ii) any working group or committee officially endorsed or convened by (A) the central bank for the currency in which such Benchmark Replacement is denominated, (B) any central bank or other supervisor that is responsible for supervising either (1) such Benchmark Replacement or (2) the administrator of such Benchmark Replacement, (C) a group of those central banks or other supervisors or (D) the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof. Relevant Rate : (a) with respect to any Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in Dollars, the LIBOAdjusted Term SOFR Rate, (b) with respect to any Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in Euros, the Adjusted EURIBOR Rate, (c) with respect to any Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in Yen, the Adjusted TIBOR Rate, as applicable, (d) with respect to any RFR Borrowing denominated in Sterling or, Swiss Francs or Dollars, the applicable Adjusted Daily Simple RFR, as applicable or (e) with respect to any Borrowing denominated in Canadian Dollars, the CDO Rate. Relevant Screen Rate : (a) with respect to any Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in Dollars, the LIBO ScreenTerm SOFR Reference Rate, (b) with respect to any Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in Euros, the EURIBOR Screen Rate or, (c) with respect to any Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in Yen, the TIBOR Screen Rate or (d) with respect to any Borrowing denominated in Canadian Dollars, the CDOR Screen Rate. Reportable Event : any of the events set forth in Section 4043(c) of ERISA, other than those events as to which the thirty day notice period is waived. Required Lenders : at any time, the holders (other than Defaulting Lenders) of more than 50.0 of the sum of (i) the aggregate unpaid principal amount of the Term Loans (excluding Term Loans held by Defaulting Lenders) then outstanding and (ii) the Total Revolving Commitments (excluding Revolving Commitments of Defaulting Lenders) then in effect or, if the Revolving Commitments have been terminated, the Total Revolving Extensions of Credit (excluding Revolving Extensions of Credit held by Defaulting Lenders) then outstanding. Required Revolving Lenders : at any time, the holders (other than Defaulting Lenders) of more than 50.0 of the Total Revolving Commitments (excluding Revolving Commitments of Defaulting Lenders) then in effect or, if the Revolving Commitments have been terminated, the Total 53 4877-1242-0416 

Revolving Extensions of Credit (excluding Revolving Extensions of Credit held by Defaulting Lenders) then outstanding. Requirement of Law : as to any Person, any law, treaty, rule or regulation or determination of an arbitrator or a court or other Governmental Authority, in each case applicable to or binding upon such Person or any of its property or to which such Person or any of its property is subject. Reset Date : as defined in Section 2.25(a). Resolution Authority : an EEA Resolution Authority or, with respect to any UK Financial Institution, a UK Resolution Authority. Responsible Officer : the chief executive officer, president or chief financial officer of the Company or any other applicable Loan Party, but in any event, with respect to financial matters, the chief financial officer, Treasurer and Controller of the Company or such Loan Party, as the case may be. Restricted Debt Payments : as defined in Section 7.15. Restricted Payments : as defined in Section 7.6. Retained Asset Sale Proceeds : at any date of determination, an amount determined on a cumulative basis, that is equal to all Net Cash Proceeds from any Asset Sale or Recovery Event received by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries that, pursuant to application of the Applicable Prepayment Percentage, are or were not required to be applied to prepay Term Loans pursuant to Section 2.13(b). Revolver Extension Request : as defined in Section 2.26(b). Revolver Extension Series : as defined in Section 2.26(b). Revolving Commitment : as to any Revolving Lender, the obligation of such Revolving Lender, if any, to make Revolving Loans and participate in Swingline Loans and Letters of Credit in an aggregate principal and/or face amount (based on, in the case of Foreign Currency Revolving Loans, the Dollar Equivalent of such Foreign Currency Revolving Loans) not to exceed the amount set forth under the heading Revolving Commitment opposite such Lender s name on Schedule 1.1A or in the Assignment and Assumption pursuant to which such Lender became a party hereto, as the same may be changed from time to time pursuant to the terms hereof. The initial amount of the Total Revolving Commitments is 500,000,000. Revolving Commitment Period : the period from and including the Closing Date to the Revolving Termination Date. Revolving Extensions of Credit : as to any Revolving Lender at any time, an amount equal to the sum of (a) the aggregate principal amount (based on, in the case of Foreign Currency Revolving Loans, the Dollar Equivalent of such Foreign Currency Revolving Loans) of all Revolving Loans held by such Lender then outstanding, (b) such Lender s L/C Exposure and (c) such Lender s Swingline Exposure. Revolving Facility : the Revolving Commitments and the extensions of credit made thereunder. 54 4877-1242-0416 

Revolving Lender : each Lender that has a Revolving Commitment or that holds Revolving Loans, including each Lender that became a party hereto as of the Closing Date. Revolving Loans : as defined in Section 2.6(a). Revolving Percentage : as to any Revolving Lender at any time, the percentage which such Lender s Revolving Commitment then constitutes of the Total Revolving Commitments (or, at any time after the Revolving Commitments shall have expired or terminated, the percentage which the aggregate principal amount of such Lender s Revolving Extensions of Credit then outstanding constitutes of the aggregate principal amount of the Revolving Extensions of Credit then outstanding). Revolving Termination Date : the date which is the earlier to occur of (a) the fifth anniversary of the Closing Date and (b) the date on which the Revolving Commitments are terminated. RFR : for any RFR Loan denominated in (a) Sterling, SONIA and, (b) Swiss Francs, SARON. and (c) Dollars, Daily Simple SOFR, and when used in reference to any Loan or Borrowing, means that such Loan or the Loans comprising such Borrowing, bears interest at a rate determined by reference to the applicable Adjusted Daily Simple RFR. RFR Administrator : the SONIA Administrator or the SARON Administrator. RFR Borrowing : as to any Borrowing, the RFR Loans comprising such Borrowing. RFR Business Day : for any Loan denominated in (a) Sterling, any day except for (i) a Saturday, (ii) a Sunday or (iii) a day on which banks are closed for general business in London and, (b) Swiss Francs, any day except for (i) a Saturday, (ii) a Sunday or (iii) a day on which banks are closed for the settlement of payments and foreign exchange transactions in Zurich and (c) Dollars, a U.S. Government Securities Business Day. RFR Interest Day : as defined in the definition of Daily Simple RFR . RFR Loan : a Loan that bears interest at a rate based on the Adjusted Daily Simple RFR. Rolled Tranche A Term Loans : as defined in Section 2.3. Sanctioned Country : at any time, a country, region or territory which is itself the subject or target of any Sanctions (at the time of this Agreement, Cuba, Iran, North Korea, Syria and Crimea). Sanctioned Person : at any time, (a) any Person listed in any Sanctions-related list of designated Persons maintained by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Department of the Treasury or the U.S. Department of State or by the United National Security Council, the European Union, HerHis Majesty s Treasury of the United Kingdom or any sanctions authority of Switzerland or any other jurisdiction in which any Foreign Subsidiary Borrower is organized, (b) any Person located, organized or resident in a Sanctioned Country, except to the extent permitted for a Person required to comply with Sanctions, or (c) any Person that is deemed to be a target of Sanctions based on the direct or indirect ownership or control of such entity by any other Sanctioned Person. Sanctions : economic or financial sanctions or trade embargoes imposed, administered or enforced from time to time by (a) the U.S. government, including those administered by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Department of the Treasury or the U.S. Department of State or (b) the United Nations Security Council, the European Union, HerHis Majesty s Treasury of the United 55 4877-1242-0416 

Kingdom or or any sanctions authority of Switzerland or any other jurisdiction in which any Foreign Subsidiary Borrower is organized. SARON : with respect to any Business Day, a rate per annum equal to the Swiss Average Rate Overnight for such Business Day published by the SARON Administrator on the SARON Administrator s Website. SARON Administrator : the SIX Swiss Exchange AG (or any successor administrator of the Swiss Average Rate Overnight). SARON Administrator s Website : SIX Swiss Exchange AG s website, currently at https://www.six-group.com, or any successor source for the Swiss Average Rate Overnight identified as such by the SARON Administrator from time to time. S P : as defined in the definition of Cash Equivalents . SEC : the Securities and Exchange Commission, any successor thereto and any analogous Governmental Authority. Security Documents : the collective reference to the Collateral Agreement, any Applicable Intercreditor Agreement, the Mortgages and all other security documents hereafter delivered to the Administrative Agent granting a Lien on any property of any Person to secure the obligations and liabilities of any Loan Party under any Loan Document. Seller : as defined in the recitals hereto. Senior Secured Leverage Ratio : with respect to any date of determination, the ratio of (x) Consolidated Total Debt that is secured by a Lien on the Collateral as of such date less Netted Cash as of such date to (y) Consolidated EBITDA of the Company and its Subsidiaries for the applicable Test Period. Senior Unsecured Notes : the 4.125 Senior Unsecured Notes due 2029 issued in an amount of 400,000,000 pursuant to the Indenture dated as of the Closing Date, among the Company, the subsidiaries of the Company party thereto as guarantors and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee. Shared Incremental Amount : as of any date of determination, (a) the greater of (x) 425,000,000 and (y) 100.0 of Consolidated EBITDA for the most recently ended Test Period calculated on a Pro Forma Basis minus (b) the aggregate principal amount of all Incremental Facilities, Incremental Equivalent Debt, Ratio Debt and/or Incurred Acquisition Debt incurred or issued in reliance on the Shared Incremental Amount outstanding on such date, in each case after giving effect to any reclassification of any such Indebtedness as having been incurred under clause (c) of the definition of Incremental Cap hereunder or clauses (l)(i)(B) or (p)(i)(B) of Section 7.2, as applicable. Significant Subsidiary : at any time any Subsidiary, which at such time would meet the definition of significant subsidiary in Regulation S-X promulgated by the SEC. Single Employer Plan : any Plan that is not a Multiemployer Plan. SOFR : a rate equal to the secured overnight financing rate as administered by the SOFR Administrator. 56 4877-1242-0416 

SOFR Administrator : the NYFRB (or a successor administrator of the secured overnight financing rate). SOFR Administrator s Website : the NYFRB s website, currently at http://www.newyorkfed.org, or any successor source for the secured overnight financing rate identified as such by the SOFR Administrator from time to time. SOFR Rate Day : as defined in the definition of Daily Simple SOFR . Solvent : when used with respect to any Person, as of any date of determination, (a) the amount of the present fair saleable value of the assets of such Person will, as of such date, exceed the amount of all liabilities of such Person, contingent or otherwise , as of such date, as such quoted terms are determined in accordance with applicable federal and state laws governing determinations of the insolvency of debtors, (b) the present fair saleable value of the assets of such Person will, as of such date, be greater than the amount that will be required to pay the liability of such Person on its debts as such debts become absolute and matured, (c) such Person will not have, as of such date, an unreasonably small amount of capital with which to conduct its business, and (d) such Person will be able to pay its debts as they mature in the ordinary course of business. SONIA : with respect to any Business Day, a rate per annum equal to the Sterling Overnight Index Average for such Business Day published by the SONIA Administrator on the SONIA Administrator s Website on the immediately succeeding Business Day. SONIA Administrator : the Bank of England (or any successor administrator of the Sterling Overnight Index Average). SONIA Administrator s Website : the Bank of England s website, currently at http://www.bankofengland.co.uk, or any successor source for the Sterling Overnight Index Average identified as such by the SONIA Administrator from time to time. Special Purpose Finance Subsidiary : a special purpose entity organized under the laws of any state of the United States of America that is formed by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries for the purpose of incurring Indebtedness the proceeds of which will be placed in escrow, pending the use of such proceeds, to effect transactions that at the time such proceeds are released from escrow are permitted hereunder. Specified Transaction : with respect to any period, any merger, Investment, Disposition, incurrence, assumption or repayment of Indebtedness (including the incurrence of Incremental Facilities), Restricted Payment or designation of a Subsidiary as an Unrestricted Subsidiary or of an Unrestricted Subsidiary as a Subsidiary or other event that by the terms of this Agreement requires Ppro Fforma Ccompliance with a test or covenant hereunder or requires such test or covenant to be calculated on a Pro Forma Basis . Statutory Reserve Rate : a fraction (expressed as a decimal), the numerator of which is the number one and the denominator of which is the number one minus the aggregate of the maximum reserve percentage (including any marginal, special, emergency or supplemental reserves) expressed as a decimal established by the Federal Reserve Board to which the Administrative Agent is subject with respect to the Adjusted LIBO Rate, the Adjusted EURIBOR Rate or Adjusted TIBOR Rate, as applicable, for eurocurrency funding (currently referred to as Eurocurrency liabilities in Regulation D) or any other reserve ratio or analogous requirement of any central banking or financial regulatory authority imposed in respect of the maintenance of the Commitments or the funding of the Loans. Such 57 4877-1242-0416 

reserve percentage shall include those imposed pursuant to Regulation D. Term Benchmark Loans for which the associated Benchmark is adjusted by reference to the Statutory Reserve Rate (per the related definition of such Benchmark) shall be deemed to constitute eurocurrency funding and to be subject to such reserve requirements without benefit of or credit for proration, exemptions or offsets that may be available from time to time to any Lender under Regulation D or any comparable regulation. The Statutory Reserve Rate shall be adjusted automatically on and as of the effective date of any change in any reserve percentage. Sterling or : the lawful currency of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland. Subordinated Indebtedness : of any Person, any Indebtedness of such Person that is contractually subordinated in right of payment to any other Indebtedness of such Person. Subsidiary : as to any Person, a corporation, partnership, limited liability company or other entity of which shares of stock or other ownership interests having ordinary voting power (other than stock or such other ownership interests having such power only by reason of the happening of a contingency) to elect a majority of the board of directors or other managers of such corporation, partnership or other entity are at the time owned, or the management of which is otherwise controlled, directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, or both, by such Person. Unless otherwise qualified (i) all references to a Subsidiary or to Subsidiaries in this Agreement shall refer to a Subsidiary or Subsidiaries of the Company and (ii) Unrestricted Subsidiaries shall be deemed not to be Subsidiaries of the Company for any and all purposes of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents. The term Subsidiary shall not include any Special Purpose Finance Subsidiary for purposes of Section 7.1 only for so long as the proceeds of the Indebtedness incurred by such Special Purpose Finance Subsidiary are held in escrow. Subsidiary Borrower : (i) Kontoor International and (ii) any Subsidiary of the Company that becomes a party hereto pursuant to Section 2.29 until such time as such Subsidiary Borrower is removed as a party hereto pursuant to Section 2.29. Subsidiary Guarantor : each Subsidiary of the Company other than any Excluded Subsidiary. Subsidiary Holding Company : as defined in Section 7.4(b). Supply Chain Financing : any agreement under which any bank, financial institution or other person may from time to time provide any financial accommodation to any of the Borrowers or any Subsidiary in connection with trade payables of the Borrower or any Subsidiary, in each case issued for the benefit of any such bank, financial institution or such other person that has acquired such trade payables pursuant to supply chain or other similar financing for vendors and suppliers of the Borrower or any Subsidiaries. Supported QFC : as defined in Section 10.25. Suspension Period : the period commencing with the occurrence of a Suspension Period Event and ending on the first date on which the requirements of a Suspension Period Event are no longer satisfied. Suspension Period Event : collectively, (a) no Indebtedness guaranteed by any of the Subsidiary Guarantors and secured by a Lien on the Collateral is then outstanding (other than the Tranche A Term Facility or the Revolving Facility) and (b) the corporate credit and/or corporate family 58 4877-1242-0416 

ratings of the Company are higher than or equal to BBB- from S P and Baa3 from Moody s (in each case, with a stable or positive outlook). Swap : any agreement, contract, or transaction that constitutes a swap within the meaning of section 1a(47) of the Commodity Exchange Act. Swap Agreement : any agreement with respect to any swap, forward, future or derivative transaction or option or similar agreement involving, or settled by reference to, one or more rates, currencies, commodities, equity or debt instruments or securities, or economic, financial or pricing indices or measures of economic, financial or pricing risk or value or any similar transaction or any combination of these transactions; provided that no phantom stock or similar plan providing for payments only on account of services provided by current or former directors, officers, employees or consultants of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries shall be a Swap Agreement . Swap Obligation : with respect to any person, any obligation to pay or perform under any Swap. Swingline Commitment : the obligation of the Swingline Lender to make Swingline Loans pursuant to Section 2.8 in an aggregate principal amount at any one time outstanding not to exceed 50,000,000. Swingline Exposure : at any time, the aggregate principal amount of all Swingline Loans outstanding at such time. The Swingline Exposure of any Revolving Lender at any time shall be equal to its applicable Ppercentage of the total Swingline Exposure at such time. Swingline Lender : as the context may require, either (i) JPMCB, in its capacity as the lender of Swingline Loans denominated in U.S. Dollars, or (ii) JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., London Branch, an Affiliate of JPMCB, in its capacity as the lender of Swingline Loans denominated in Euros. Swingline Loans : as defined in Section 2.8(a). Swingline Participation Amount : as defined in Section 2.9(b). Swiss Borrower : a Borrower which is incorporated in Switzerland or, if different, is otherwise deemed to be resident in Switzerland for purpose of Swiss Withholding Tax. Swiss Francs or CHF : the lawful currency of Switzerland. Swiss Guidelines : all relevant guidelines or explanatory notes issued by the Swiss Federal Tax Administration as amended, replaced or newly issued from time to time, including the established practice of the Swiss Federal Tax Administration and any court decision relating thereto. Swiss Loan Parties : each Foreign Loan Party which is incorporated in Switzerland (each a Swiss Loan Party ). Swiss Non-Bank Rules : the Swiss Ten Non-Qualifying Bank Rule and the Swiss Twenty Non-Qualifying Bank Rule Swiss Permitted Non-Qualifying Bank : in aggregate up to 10 (ten) Lenders which are not, in each case, Swiss Qualifying Banks in accordance and as defined in the Swiss Guidelines but have been accepted by the Borrower as such. 59 4877-1242-0416 

Swiss Qualifying Bank : a person or entity (including any commercial bank or financial institution (irrespective of its jurisdiction of organization)) acting on its own account which has a banking licence in force and effect issued in accordance with the banking laws in its jurisdiction of incorporation, or if acting through a branch, issued in accordance with the banking laws in the jurisdiction of such branch, and which, in both cases, effectively exercises as its main purpose a true banking activity, having bank personnel, premises, communication devices of its own and authority of decision making all in accordance and as defined in the Swiss Guidelines. Swiss Ten Non-Qualifying Bank Rule : the rule that the aggregate number of creditors (or deemed creditors) (including the Lenders), other than Swiss Qualifying Banks, of a Swiss Borrower under the Agreement must not at any time exceed 10 (ten), all in accordance with the meaning of the Swiss Guidelines. Swiss Twenty Non-Qualifying Bank Rule : the rule that the aggregate number of creditors (or deemed creditors) (including the Lender), other than Swiss Qualifying Banks, of a Swiss Borrower under all outstanding debts relevant for classification as debenture (Kassenobligation) (within the meaning of the Guidelines), such as loans, facilities and/or private placements (including under this Agreement) made or deemed to be made by a Swiss Borrower must not at any time exceed 20 (twenty), all in accordance with the meaning of the Swiss Guidelines. Swiss Withholding Tax : any taxes levied pursuant to the Swiss Federal Act on Withholding Tax (Bundesgesetz ber die Verrechnungssteuer vom 13. Oktober 1965, SR 642.21), as amended from time to time. TARGET2 : the Trans-European Automated Real-time Gross Settlement Express Transfer payment system which utilizes a single shared platform and which was launched on November 19, 2007. TARGET Day : any day on which TARGET2 (or, if such payment system ceases to be operative, such other payment system, if any, determined by the Administrative Agent to be a suitable replacement) is open for the settlement of payments in Euro. Taxes : all present or future taxes, levies, imposts, duties, deductions, withholdings (including backup withholding), assessments, or other similar charges imposed by any Governmental Authority, including any interest, additions to tax or penalties applicable thereto. Term Benchmark : when used in reference to any Loan or Borrowing, refers to whether such Loan, or the Loans comprising such Borrowing, are bearing interest at a rate determined by reference to the Adjusted LIBOTerm SOFR Rate, the Adjusted EURIBOR Rate or the Adjusted TIBOR Rate. Term Lenders : the Tranche A Term Lenders and any other Lender which holds a Term Loan. Term Loan Extension Request : as defined in Section 2.26(a). Term Loan Extension Series : as defined in Section 2.26(a). Term Loans : the Tranche A Term Loans and any term loans made under an Incremental Facility. Term SOFR Notice : a notification by the Administrative Agent to the Lenders and the Borrower of the occurrence of a Term SOFR Transition EventDetermination Day : as defined in the definition of Term SOFR Reference Rate. 60 4877-1242-0416 

Term SOFR Transition Event : the determination by the Administrative Agent that (a) Term SOFR has been recommended for use by the Relevant Governmental Body, (b) the administration of Term SOFR is administratively feasible for the Administrative Agent and (c) a Benchmark Transition Event or an Early Opt-in Election, as applicable (and, for the avoidance of doubt, not in the case of an Other Benchmark Rate Election), has previously occurred resulting in a Benchmark Replacement in accordance with Section 2.18 that is not Term SOFR.Rate : with respect to any Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in Dollars and for any tenor comparable to the applicable Interest Period, the Term SOFR Reference Rate at approximately 5:00 a.m., Chicago time, two U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to the commencement of such tenor comparable to the applicable Interest Period, as such rate is published by the CME Term SOFR Administrator. Term SOFR : for the applicable Corresponding Tenor as of the applicable Reference Time, the forward-looking term rate based on SOFR that has been selected or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body. Term SOFR Reference Rate : for any day and time (such day, the Term SOFR Determination Day ), with respect to any Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in Dollars and for any tenor comparable to the applicable Interest Period, the rate per annum published by the CME Term SOFR Administrator and identified by the Administrative Agent as the forward-looking term rate based on SOFR. If by 5:00 pm (New York City time) on such Term SOFR Determination Day, the Term SOFR Reference Rate for the applicable tenor has not been published by the CME Term SOFR Administrator and a Benchmark Replacement Date with respect to the Term SOFR Rate has not occurred, then, so long as such day is otherwise a U.S. Government Securities Business Day, the Term SOFR Reference Rate for such Term SOFR Determination Day will be the Term SOFR Reference Rate as published in respect of the first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day for which such Term SOFR Reference Rate was published by the CME Term SOFR Administrator, so long as such first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day is not more than five (5) U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to such Term SOFR Determination Day. Test Period : for any date of determination, the most recent period of four consecutive fiscal quarters of the Company ended prior to such date of determination in respect of which financial statements have been delivered to the Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 6.1 (or, prior to the delivery of any financial statements pursuant to Section 6.1, the period of four consecutive fiscal quarters ended October 2, 2021). TIBOR Rate : with respect to any Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in Yen and for any Interest Period, the TIBOR Screen Rate two Business Days prior to the commencement of such Interest Period. TIBOR Screen Rate : the Tokyo interbank offered rate administered by the Ippan Shadan Hojin JBA TIBOR Administration (or any other person which takes over the administration of that rate) for the relevant currency and period displayed on page DTIBOR01 of the Reuters screen (or, in the event such rate does not appear on such Reuters page or screen, on any successor or substitute page on such screen that displays such rate, or on the appropriate page of such other information service that publishes such rate as selected by the Administrative Agent from time to time in its reasonable discretion) as published at approximately 1:00 p.m. Japan time two Business Days prior to the commencement of such Interest Period. Title Company : as defined in Section 6.11(b)(a). 61 4877-1242-0416 

Title Policy : as defined in Section 6.11(b)(a). Total Leverage Ratio : with respect to any date of determination, the ratio of (x) Consolidated Total Debt as of such date less Netted Cash as of such date to (y) Consolidated EBITDA of the Company and its Subsidiaries for the applicable Test Period. Total Revolving Commitments : at any time, the aggregate amount of the Revolving Commitments then in effect. The Total Revolving Commitments may be increased or reduced from time to time pursuant to Sections 2.27 and 2.11, respectively. Total Revolving Extensions of Credit : at any time, the aggregate amount of the Revolving Extensions of Credit of the Revolving Lenders outstanding at such time. Tranche A Final Maturity Date : the date which is the fifth anniversary of the Closing Date; provided, however, if such date is not a Business Day, the Tranche A Final Maturity Date shall be the next preceding Business Day. Tranche A Term Commitment : as to any Tranche A Term Lender, the obligation of such Tranche A Term Lender to make a Tranche A Term Loan to the Company pursuant to Section 2.3. Tranche A Term Lender : each Lender that holds a Tranche A Term Loan or a Tranche A Term Commitment. Tranche A Term Loan : as defined in Section 2.3. The initial aggregate amount of the Tranche A Term Loans is 400,000,000, and on the Closing Date, each Tranche A Term Lender will hold a Tranche A Term Loan in an amount equal to the amount set forth opposite its name on Schedule 1.1A, or as may subsequently be set forth in the Register from time to time, as the same may be adjusted from time to time pursuant to this Agreement. Tranche A Term Percentage : as to any Tranche A Term Lender at any time, the percentage which the aggregate principal amount of such Lender s Tranche A Term Loan then outstanding constitutes of the aggregate principal amount of all of the Tranche A Term Loans then outstanding. Transactions : collectively, (i) the entering into, and creating security interests in Collateral under, the Loan Documents and the use of the proceeds of the Loans pursuant thereto, (ii) the issuance of the Senior Unsecured Notes and the use of the proceeds thereof, (iii) the Refinancing and (iv) the payment of fees and expenses incurred in connection with the foregoing clauses (i) through (iii). Transferee : any Assignee or Participant. Treaty : the Treaty establishing the European Economic Community, being the Treaty of Rome of March 25, 1957 as amended by the Single European Act 1986 and the Maastricht Treaty (which was signed on February 7, 1992 and came into force on November 1, 1993) and as may from time to time be further amended, supplemented or otherwise modified. Type , when used in reference to any Loan or Borrowing, refers to whether the rate of interest on such Loan, or on the Loans comprising such Borrowing, is determined by reference to the Adjusted LIBOTerm SOFR Rate, the Adjusted EURIBOR Rate, the Adjusted TIBOR Rate, the Alternate Base Rate, the Canadian Prime Rate, the CDO Rate or, the Adjusted Daily Simple RFR or the Central Bank Rate. 62 4877-1242-0416 

U.S. Dollars , Dollars or : dollars in lawful currency of the United States. U.S. Government Securities Business Day : any day except for (i) a Saturday, (ii) a Sunday or (iii) a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in United States government securities. U.S. Person : as defined in Section 2.21(f)(i). UCP : with respect to any Letter of Credit, the Uniform Customs and Practice for Documentary Credits, International Chamber of Commerce Publication No. 600 (or such later version thereof as may be in effect at the time of issuance). UK Financial Institutions : any BRRD Undertaking (as such term is defined under the PRA Rulebook (as amended from time to time) promulgated by the United Kingdom Prudential Regulation Authority) or any person falling within IFPRU 11.6 of the FCA Handbook (as amended from time to time) promulgated by the United Kingdom Financial Conduct Authority, which includes certain credit institutions and investment firms, and certain affiliates of such credit institutions or investment firms. UK Resolution Authority : the Bank of England or any other public administrative authority having responsibility for the resolution of any UK Financial Institution. Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement : the applicable Benchmark Replacement excluding the related Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. United States or U.S. : the United States of America. Unrestricted Subsidiary : (a) any Subsidiary of the Company that is designated as an Unrestricted Subsidiary by the Company pursuant to Section 6.10 subsequent to the Closing Date and (b) any subsidiary of an Unrestricted Subsidiary. U.S. Special Resolution Regime : as defined in Section 10.25. U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate : as defined in 2.21(f)(ii)(C). Weighted Average Life to Maturity : when applied to any Indebtedness at any date, the number of years obtained by dividing: (i) the sum of the products obtained by multiplying (a) the amount of each then remaining installment, sinking fund, serial maturity or other required payments of principal, including payment at final maturity, in respect thereof, by (b) the number of years (calculated to the nearest one-twelfth) that will elapse between such date and the making of such payment; by (ii) the then outstanding principal amount of such Indebtedness; provided that, for purposes of determining the Weighted Average Life to Maturity of any Indebtedness that is being extended, replaced, refunded, refinanced, renewed or defeased, the effect of any amortization or prepayment prior to the date of the applicable extension, replacement, refunding, refinancing, renewal or defeasance shall be disregarded. Wholly Owned Subsidiary : as to any Person, any other Person all of the Capital Stock of which (other than directors qualifying shares required by law) is owned by such Person directly and/or through other Wholly Owned Subsidiaries. Withholding Agent : the Company and the Administrative Agent. 63 4877-1242-0416 

Write-Down and Conversion Powers : (a) with respect to any EEA Resolution Authority, the write-down and conversion powers of such EEA Resolution Authority from time to time under the Bail-In Legislation for the applicable EEA Member Country, which write-down and conversion powers are described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule, and (b) with respect to the United Kingdom, any powers of the applicable Resolution Authority under the Bail-In Legislation to cancel, reduce, modify or change the form of a liability of any UK Financial Institution or any contract or instrument under which that liability arises, to convert all or part of that liability into shares, securities or obligations of that person or any other person, to provide that any such contract or instrument is to have effect as if a right had been exercised under it or to suspend any obligation in respect of that liability or any of the powers under that Bail-In Legislation that are related to or ancillary to any of those powers. Yen or : the lawful currency of Japan. 1.2. Other Definitional Provisions. (a) Unless otherwise specified therein, all terms defined in this Agreement shall have the defined meanings when used in the other Loan Documents or any certificate or other document made or delivered pursuant hereto or thereto. (b) As used herein and in the other Loan Documents, and any certificate or other document made or delivered pursuant hereto or thereto, (i) accounting terms relating to the Company and its Subsidiaries not defined in Section 1.1 and accounting terms partly defined in Section 1.1, to the extent not defined, shall have the respective meanings given to them under GAAP, (ii) the words include, includes and including shall be deemed to be followed by the phrase without limitation, (iii) the word incur shall be construed to mean incur, create, issue, assume, become liable in respect of or suffer to exist (and the words incurred and incurrence shall have correlative meanings), and (iv) the words asset and property shall be construed to have the same meaning and effect and to refer to any and all tangible and intangible assets and properties, including cash, Capital Stock, securities, revenues, accounts, leasehold interests and contract rights. (c) The words hereof, herein and hereunder and words of similar import when used in this Agreement shall refer to this Agreement as a whole and not to any particular provision of this Agreement, and Section, Schedule and Exhibit references are to this Agreement unless otherwise specified. (d) The meanings given to terms defined herein shall be equally applicable to both the singular and plural forms of such terms. (e) Notwithstanding any other provision contained herein, all terms of an accounting or financial nature used herein shall be construed, and all computations of amounts and ratios referred to herein shall be made, without giving effect to (i) any election under Accounting Standards Codification 825-10-25 (previously referred to as Statement of Financial Accounting Standards 159) (or any other Accounting Standards Codification, International Accounting Standard or Financial Accounting Standard having a similar result or effect) to value any Indebtedness or other liabilities of the Company or any subsidiary at fair value, as defined therein, (ii) any treatment of Indebtedness in respect of convertible debt instruments under Accounting Standards Codification 470-20 (or any other Accounting Standards Codification, International Accounting Standard or Financial Accounting Standard having a similar result or effect) to value any such Indebtedness in a reduced or bifurcated manner as described therein, and such Indebtedness shall at all times be valued at the full stated principal amount thereof and, (iii) the application of Accounting Standards Codification 480, 815, 805 and 718 (to the extent these pronouncements under Accounting Standards Codification 718 result in recording an equity award as a liability on the consolidated balance sheet of the Company and its Subsidiaries in the circumstance where, but for the application of the pronouncements, such award would have been classified as equity). 64 4877-1242-0416 

and (iv) except for purposes of the preparation and delivery of financial statements as contemplated by this Agreement, any obligations relating to a lease that was accounted for as an operating lease as of the Closing Date and any other lease entered into after the Closing Date that would have been accounted for as an operating lease pursuant to GAAP as in effect on the Closing Date shall be accounted for as obligations relating to an operating lease and not as finance lease obligations or Indebtedness, regardless of whether such obligations are capitalized on the balance sheet. (f) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, no Default shall arise as a result of any limitation set forth in U.S. Dollars in Section 7 (or in any defined term used therein) being exceeded solely as a result of changes in currency exchange rates from the currency exchange rates applicable at the time or times the related transaction was entered into or designated as a Cash Management Obligation provided that, for purposes of determining whether a new transaction or designation complies with any such limitation set forth in U.S. Dollars in Section 7 (or in any defined term used therein), the then current currency exchange rates shall be applied to all previous transactions or designations made in reliance on such limitation. (g) The headings, subheadings and table of contents used herein or in any other Loan Document are solely for convenience of reference and shall not constitute a part of any such document or affect the meaning, construction or effect of any provision thereof. 1.3. Currency Conversion. (a) If more than one currency or currency unit are at the same time recognized by the central bank of any country as the lawful currency of that country, then (i) any reference in the Loan Documents to, and any obligations arising under the Loan Documents in, the currency of that country shall be translated into or paid in the currency or currency unit of that country designated by the Administrative Agent and (ii) any translation from one currency or currency unit to another shall be at the official rate of exchange recognized by the central bank for conversion of that currency or currency unit into the other, rounded up or down by the Administrative Agent as it deems appropriate in its reasonable discretion. (b) If a change in any currency of a country occurs, this Agreement shall be amended (and each party hereto agrees to enter into any supplemental agreement necessary to effect any such amendment) to the extent that the Administrative Agent determines such amendment to be necessary to reflect the change in currency and to put the Lenders and the Loan Parties in the same position, so far as possible, that they would have been in if no change in currency had occurred. 1.4. Terms Generally; Pro Forma Calculations. (a) For purposes of determining compliance at any time with Sections 7.2, 7.3, 7.4, 7.5, 7.6, 7.8, 7.10 and 7.15, in the event that any Indebtedness, Lien, Restricted Payment, Restricted Debt Payment, Investment, Disposition and/or Affiliate transactions or portion thereof, as applicable, at any time meets the criteria of more than one of the categories of transactions or items permitted pursuant to any clause of such Sections 7.2 (other than Section 7.2(a), 7.2(c) and 7.2((q)), 7.3 (other than Section 7.3(j)), 7.4, 7.5, 7.6 7.8 and 7.15 (each of the foregoing, a Reclassifiable Item ), the Company, in its sole discretion, may, from time to time, divide, classify or reclassify such Reclassifiable Item (or portion thereof) under one or more clauses of each such Section and will only be required to include such Reclassifiable Item (or portion thereof) in any one category; provided that, upon delivery of any financial statements pursuant to Section 6.1 following the initial incurrence or making of any such Reclassifiable Item, if such Reclassifiable Item could, based on such financial statements, have been incurred or made in reliance on any ratio-based basket or exception, such Reclassifiable Item shall automatically be reclassified as having been incurred or made under the applicable provisions of such ratio-based basket or exception, as applicable (in each case, subject to any other applicable provision of such ratio-based basket or exception, as applicable). It is understood and agreed that any Indebtedness, Lien, Restricted Payment, Restricted Debt Payment, Investment, 65 4877-1242-0416 

Disposition and/or Affiliate transaction need not be permitted solely by reference to one category of permitted Indebtedness, Lien, Restricted Payment, Restricted Debt Payment, Investment, Disposition and/or Affiliate transaction under Sections 7.2, 7.3, 7.4, 7.5, 7.6, 7.8, 7.10 and 7.15, respectively, but may instead be permitted in part under any combination thereof or under any other available exception. (b) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, but subject to Sections 1.4(c), (d) and (e) and the last paragraph of the definition of Pro Forma Basis , all financial ratios and tests (including the First Lien Leverage Ratio, the Senior Secured Leverage Ratio, the Total Leverage Ratio, the Consolidated Interest Coverage Ratio and the amount of Consolidated Net Income and Consolidated EBITDA contained in this Agreement that are calculated with respect to any applicable Test Period during which any Specified Transaction occurs) shall be calculated with respect to such applicable Test Period and such Specified Transaction on a Pro Forma Basis. Further, if since the beginning of any such applicable Test Period and on or prior to the date of any required calculation of any financial ratio or test (x) any Specified Transaction has occurred or (y) any Person that subsequently became a Subsidiary or was merged, amalgamated or consolidated with or into the Company or any of its Subsidiaries since the beginning of such applicable Test Period has consummated any Specified Transaction, then, in each case, any applicable financial ratio or test shall be calculated on a Pro Forma Basis for such applicable Test Period as if such Specified Transaction had occurred at the beginning of the applicable Test Period. (c) For purposes of determining the permissibility of any action, change, transaction or event that requires a calculation of any financial ratio or financial test (including any First Lien Leverage Ratio test, any Senior Secured Leverage Ratio test, any Total Leverage Ratio test and/or any Consolidated Interest Coverage Ratio test) and/or the amount of Consolidated EBITDA or Consolidated Net Income, such financial ratio, financial test or amount shall, subject to clause (d) below, be calculated at the time such action is taken, such change is made, such transaction is consummated or such event occurs, as the case may be, and no Default or Event of Default shall be deemed to have occurred solely as a result of a change in such financial ratio, financial test or amount occurring after the time such action is taken, such change is made, such transaction is consummated or such event occurs, as the case may be. (d) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein (including in connection with any calculation made on a Pro Forma Basis), to the extent that the terms of this Agreement require (i) compliance with any financial ratio or financial test (including any First Lien Leverage Ratio test, any Senior Secured Leverage Ratio test, any Total Leverage Ratio test and/or any Consolidated Interest Coverage Ratio test) and/or any cap expressed as a percentage of Consolidated Net Income or Consolidated EBITDA, (ii) accuracy of any representation or warranty and/or the absence of a Default or Event of Default (or any type of default or event of default), in each case other than for purposes of the making of any Revolving Extension of Credit (other than under an Incremental Revolving Facility and to the extent not prohibited by the terms of the applicable Incremental Facility Amendment) or (iii) compliance with any basket or other condition, as a condition to (A) the consummation of any acquisition, consolidation, business combination or similar Investment, the consummation of which by the Company is not conditioned on the availability of, or obtaining, third party financing, and/or (B) the redemption, repurchase, defeasance, satisfaction and discharge or repayment of Indebtedness requiring irrevocable notice in advance of such redemption, repurchase, satisfaction and discharge or repayment (clauses (A) and (B), collectively, a Limited Condition Transaction ), the determination of whether the relevant condition is satisfied may be made, at the election of the Company, (A) in the case of any such acquisition, consolidation, business combination or similar Investment, at the time of (or on the basis of the most recent financial statements delivered pursuant to Section 6.1) either (x) the execution of a letter of intent or the definitive agreement with respect to such acquisition, consolidation, business combination, similar Investment (or, solely in connection with an acquisition, consolidation or business combination to which the United Kingdom City Code on Takeovers and Mergers applies, the date on which a Rule 2.7 Announcement of a firm intention to make an offer) or the establishment of a 66 4877-1242-0416 

commitment with respect to such Indebtedness or (y) the consummation of such acquisition, consolidation, business combination or Investment and (B) in the case of any redemption, repurchase, defeasance, satisfaction and discharge or repayment of Indebtedness, at the time of (or on the basis of the most recent financial statements delivered pursuant to Section 6.1 at the time of) (x) delivery of irrevocable notice with respect to such redemption, repurchase, defeasance, satisfaction and discharge or repayment of Indebtedness or (y) the redemption, repurchase, defeasance, satisfaction and discharge or repayment of such Indebtedness, in each case, after giving effect on a Pro Forma Basis to the relevant acquisition, consolidation, business combination or similar Investment and/or Restricted Debt Payment, incurrence of Indebtedness or other transaction (including the intended use of proceeds of any Indebtedness to be incurred in connection therewith) and any other acquisition, consolidation, business combination or similar Investment, redemption, repurchase, defeasance, satisfaction and discharge or repayment of Indebtedness, incurrence of Indebtedness or other transaction that has not been consummated but with respect to which the Company has elected to test any applicable condition prior to the date of consummation in accordance with this Section 1.4(d), and no Default or Event of Default shall be deemed to have occurred solely as a result of an adverse change in such test or condition occurring after the time such election is made (but any subsequent improvement in the applicable ratio, test or amount may be utilized by the Company or any Subsidiary). For the avoidance of doubt, if the Company shall have elected the option set forth in clause (x) of any of the preceding clauses (1) or (2) in respect of any transaction, then (i) the Company shall be permitted to consummate such transaction even if any applicable test or condition shall cease to be satisfied subsequent to the Company s election of such option and (ii) any further determination with respect to incurrence tests prior to the earlier of the consummation of such Limited Condition Transaction and the termination of such Limited Condition Transaction will require the Company to comply with such tests on a Pro Forma Basis assuming the applicable Limited Condition Transaction has been consummated and the applicable acquisition debt has been incurred. The provisions of this paragraph (d) shall also apply in respect of the incurrence of any Incremental Facility. (e) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, unless the Company otherwise notifies the Administrative Agent, with respect to any amount incurred (including under Section 2.27 (including the definition of Incremental Cap used therein)) or transaction entered into (or consummated) in reliance on a provision of this Agreement that does not require compliance with a financial ratio or financial test (including any First Lien Leverage Ratio test, any Senior Secured Leverage Ratio test, any Total Leverage Ratio test and/or any Consolidated Interest Coverage Ratio test) (any such amount, including any amount drawn under the Revolving Facility, any or any other permitted revolving facility and any cap expressed as a percentage of Consolidated EBITDA, a Fixed Amount substantially concurrently with any amount incurred or transaction entered into (or consummated) in reliance on a provision of this Agreement that requires compliance with a financial ratio or financial test (including any First Lien Leverage Ratio test, any Senior Secured Leverage Ratio test, any Total Leverage Ratio test and/or any Consolidated Interest Coverage Ratio test) (any such amount, an Incurrence-Based Amount ), it is understood and agreed that (i) the incurrence of the Incurrence-Based Amount shall be calculated first without giving effect to any Fixed Amount but giving full pro forma effect to the use of proceeds of such Fixed Amount and the related transactions and (ii) the incurrence of the Fixed Amount shall be calculated thereafter. Unless the Company elects otherwise, the Company shall be deemed to have used amounts under an Incurrence-Based Amount then available to the Company prior to utilization of any amount under a Fixed Amount then available to the Company. (f) The principal amount of any non-interest bearing Indebtedness or other discount security constituting Indebtedness at any date shall be the principal amount thereof that would be shown on a balance sheet of the Company dated such date prepared in accordance with GAAP. 67 4877-1242-0416 

(g) The increase in any amount of Indebtedness or any increase in any amount secured by any Lien by virtue of the accrual of interest, the accretion of accreted value, the payment of interest or a dividend in the form of additional Indebtedness, amortization of original issue discount and/or any increase in the amount of Indebtedness outstanding solely as a result of any fluctuation in the exchange rate of any applicable currency shall be deemed to be permitted Indebtedness for purposes of Section 7.2 and will be deemed not to be the granting of a Lien for purposes of Section 7.3. (h) For purposes of determining compliance with Section 7.2 or Section 7.3, if any Indebtedness or Lien is incurred in reliance on a basket measured by reference to a percentage of Consolidated EBITDA, and any refinancing or replacement thereof would cause the percentage of Consolidated EBITDA to be exceeded if calculated based on the Consolidated EBITDA on the date of such refinancing or replacement, such percentage of Consolidated EBITDA will be deemed not to be exceeded so long as the principal amount of such refinancing or replacement Indebtedness or other obligation does not exceed an amount sufficient to repay the principal amount of such Indebtedness or other obligation being refinanced or replaced, except by an amount equal to (x) unpaid accrued interest, penalties and premiums (including tender, prepayment or repayment premiums) thereon plus underwriting discounts and other customary fees, commissions and expenses (including upfront fees, original issue discount or initial yield payment) incurred in connection with such refinancing or replacement, (y) any existing commitments unutilized thereunder and (z) additional amounts permitted to be incurred under Section 7.2 and, to the extent secured by a Lien, Section 7.3 (and, in each case, the applicable clause of Section 7.2 and Section 7.3 shall be deemed to be utilized by the amount so incurred). (i) For the avoidance of doubt, for purposes of determining compliance with Section 7.2(h), (j), (l), (n) and (p) and any other comparable provision of Section 7.2, a Permitted Refinancing in respect of Indebtedness incurred pursuant to a U.S. Dollar-denominated or Consolidated EBITDA-governed basket shall not increase capacity to incur Indebtedness under such U.S. Dollar-denominated or EBITDA-governed basket, and such U.S. Dollar-denominated or EBITDA-governed basket shall be deemed to continue to be utilized by the amount of the original Indebtedness incurred unless and until the Indebtedness incurred to effect such Permitted Refinancing is no longer outstanding. (j) Any financial ratios required to be maintained by the Company pursuant to this Agreement (or required to be satisfied in order for a specific action to be permitted under this Agreement) shall be calculated by dividing the appropriate component by the other component, carrying the result to one place more than the number of places by which such ratio is expressed herein and rounding the result up or down to the nearest number (with a rounding-up if there is no nearest number). (k) For all purposes under the Loan Documents, in connection with any division or plan of division under Delaware law: (a) if any asset, right, obligation or liability of any Person becomes the asset, right, obligation or liability of a different Person, then it shall be deemed to have been transferred from the original Person to the subsequent Person, and (b) if any new Person comes into existence, such new Person shall be deemed to have been organized and acquired (or, if such subsequent Person ceases to be a Subsidiary of the original Person, disposed of) on the first date of its existence by the holders of its Capital Stock at such time. 68 4877-1242-0416 

1.5. Swiss terms. In this Agreement, where it relates to a Swiss entity, such as a Swiss Borrower, a reference to a winding-up or dissolution includes: (a) a filing for the declaration of bankruptcy (Antrag auf Konkurser ffnung) or a formal declaration of bankruptcy (Konkurser ffnung) within the meaning of the Swiss Federal Debt Enforcement and Bankruptcy Act; (b) the filing for a request for a moratorium (Gesuch um Nachlasstundung) or a grant of a moratorium (Nachlassstundung) within the meaning of the Swiss Federal Debt Enforcement and Bankruptcy Act; (c) a moratorium on any of its indebtedness, its dissolution or liquidation; and (d) a postponement of a bankruptcy (Konkursaufschub) within the meaning of Art. 725a of the Swiss Code of Obligations. 1.6. Interest Rates; LIBORBenchmark Notification. The interest rate on a Loan denominated in dDollars or a Foreign Currency may be derived from an interest rate benchmark that may be discontinued or is, or may in the future become, the subject of regulatory reform. Regulators have signaled the need to use alternative benchmark reference rates for some of these interest rate benchmarks and, as a result, such interest rate benchmarks may cease to comply with applicable laws and regulations, may be permanently discontinued, and/or the basis on which they are calculated may change. The London interbank offered rate LIBOR is intended to represent the rate at which contributing banks may obtain short-term borrowings from each other in the London interbank market. On March 5, 2021, the U.K. Financial Conduct Authority FCA publicly announced that: (a) immediately after December 31, 2021, publication of all seven euro LIBOR settings, all seven Swiss Franc LIBOR settings, the spot next, 1-week, 2-month and 12-month Japanese Yen LIBOR settings, the overnight, 1-week, 2-month and 12-month British Pound Sterling LIBOR settings, and the 1-week and 2-month U.S. Dollar LIBOR settings will permanently cease; immediately after June 30, 2023, publication of the overnight and 12-month U.S. Dollar LIBOR settings will permanently cease; immediately after December 31, 2021, the 1-month, 3-month and 6-month Japanese Yen LIBOR settings and the 1-month, 3-month and 6-month British Pound Sterling LIBOR settings will cease to be provided or, subject to consultation by the FCA, be provided on a changed methodology (or synthetic basis and no longer be representative of the underlying market and economic reality they are intended to measure and that representativeness will not be restored; and immediately after June 30, 2023, the 1-month, 3-month and 6-month U.S. Dollar LIBOR settings will cease to be provided or, subject to the FCA s consideration of the case, be provided on a synthetic basis and no longer be representative of the underlying market and economic reality they are intended to measure and that representativeness will not be restored. There is no assurance that dates announced by the FCA will not change or that the administrator of LIBOR and/or regulators will not take further action that could impact the availability, composition, or characteristics of LIBOR or the currencies and/or tenors for which LIBOR is published. Each party to this agreement should consult its own advisors to stay informed of any such developments. Public and private sector industry initiatives are currently underway to identify new or alternative reference rates to be used in place of LIBOR. Upon the occurrence of a Benchmark Transition Event, a Term SOFR Transition Event, an Early Opt-in Election or an Other Benchmark Rate Election, Sections 2.18(b) and (c) provides a mechanism for determining an alternative rate of interest. The Administrative Agent will promptly notify the Borrower, pursuant to Section 2.18(e), of any change to the reference rate upon which the interest rate on Term Benchmark Loans is based. However, the Administrative Agent does not warrant or accept any responsibility for, and shall not have any liability with respect to, the administration, submission, performance or any other matter related to the Daily Simple RFR, LIBOR or other rates in the definition of LIBO Rate (or EURIBOR Rate , or TIBOR Rate , as applicable) orany interest rate used in this 69 4877-1242-0416 

Agreement, or with respect to any alternative or successor rate thereto, or replacement rate thereof (, including, without limitation, (i) any such alternative, successor or replacement rate implemented pursuant to Section 2.18(b) or (c), whether upon the occurrence of a Benchmark Transition Event, a Term SOFR Transition Event, an Early Opt-in Election or an Other Benchmark Rate Election, and (ii) the implementation of any Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes pursuant to Section 2.18(d)), including without limitation, whether the composition or characteristics of any such alternative, successor or replacement reference rate will be similar to, or produce the same value or economic equivalence of, the Daily Simple RFR, the LIBO Rate (or the EURIBOR Rate, or the TIBOR Rate, as applicable)existing interest rate being replaced or have the same volume or liquidity as did the London interbank offered rate (or the euro interbank offered rate or the Tokyo interbank offered rate, as applicable)any existing interest rate prior to its discontinuance or unavailability (other than, for the avoidance of doubt, in each case with respect to its obligation to apply the definition of each such rate in accordance with its terms and comply with its express obligations under this Agreement). The Administrative Agent and its affiliates and/or other related entities may engage in transactions that affect the calculation of any Daily Simple RFR,interest rate used in this Agreement or any alternative, successor or alternative rate (including any Benchmark Replacement) and/or any relevant adjustments thereto, in each case, in a manner adverse to the Borrower. The Administrative Agent may select information sources or services in its reasonable discretion to ascertain any RFR, Daily Simple RFR or the Term Benchmark Rateinterest rate used in this Agreement, any component thereof, or rates referenced in the definition thereof, in each case pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, and shall have no liability to the Borrower, any Lender or any other person or entity for damages of any kind, including direct or indirect, special, punitive, incidental or consequential damages, costs, losses or expenses (whether in tort, contract or otherwise and whether at law or in equity), for any error or calculation of any such rate (or component thereof) provided by any such information source or service. SECTION 2. AMOUNT AND TERMS OF LOANS AND COMMITMENTS 2.1. [Reserved]. 2.2. [Reserved]. 2.3. Tranche A Term Commitments. Subject to the terms and conditions hereof, each Tranche A Term Lender severally agrees to make a term loan denominated in U.S. Dollars (a Tranche A Term Loan to the Company on the Closing Date in an amount not to exceed the amount set forth under the heading Tranche A Term Loan opposite such Tranche A Term Lender s name on Schedule 1.1A; provided that to the extent such Tranche A Term Lender is an Existing Lender, such Tranche A Term Lender shall be deemed to have made Tranche A Term Loans (such Tranche A Term Loans, the Rolled Tranche A Term Loans to the Company on the Closing Date in an amount equal to the amount set forth under the heading Tranche A Term Loan opposite such Tranche A Term Lender s name on Schedule 1.1A and such Tranche A Term Lender shall have no obligation hereunder to fund any amounts in respect of any Rolled Tranche A Term Loans. The Tranche A Term Loans may from time to time be Adjusted LIBOTerm SOFR Rate Loans or ABR Loans, as determined by the Company and notified to the Administrative Agent in accordance with Sections 2.4 and 2.14. 2.4. Procedure for Tranche A Term Loan Borrowing. The Company shall give the Administrative Agent irrevocable notice (which notice must be received by the Administrative Agent prior to 12:00 Noon, New York City time, on the anticipated Closing Date in the case of ABR Loans or one Business Day prior to the anticipated Closing Date in the case of Adjusted LIBO Rate Loans (as defined in the Existing Credit Agreement)) requesting that the Tranche A Term Lenders make the Tranche A Term Loans on the Closing Date and specifying (i) the amount and the Type of Loans to be borrowed, (ii) the anticipated Closing Date and (iii) in the case of Adjusted LIBO Rate Loans, the length 70 4877-1242-0416 

71 4877-1242-0416 5,000,000 Fourth fiscal quarter after Closing Date 0 Tenth fiscal quarter after Closing Date 0 5,000,000 Installment Eleventh fiscal quarter after Closing Date 5,000,000 Fifth fiscal quarter after Closing Date Twelfth fiscal quarter after Closing Date 2,500,000 5,000,000 Second fiscal quarter after Closing Date Thirteenth fiscal quarter after Closing Date Amount 5,000,000 Sixth fiscal quarter after Closing Date 0 Fourteenth fiscal quarter after Closing Date 2,500,000 5,000,000 of the initial Interest Period therefor. Each such borrowing shall be in an amount equal to (x) in the case of ABR Loans, 1,000,000 or a whole multiple thereof and (y) in the case of Adjusted LIBO Rate Loans, 5,000,000 or a whole multiple of 1,000,000 in excess thereof. Upon receipt of such notice of borrowing the Administrative Agent shall promptly notify each Tranche A Term Lender thereof. Each Tranche A Term Lender will make the amount of its Tranche A Term Loan available to the Administrative Agent for the account of the Company at the Funding Office prior to 2:00 p.m., New York City time, on the Closing Date. Such borrowing will then be made available to the Company by the Administrative Agent crediting the account of the Company on the books of such office with the aggregate of the amounts made available to the Administrative Agent by the Tranche A Term Lenders and in like funds as received by the Administrative Agent. NotwithtandingNotwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section 2.4, no Tranche A Term Lender shall have obligation hereunder to fund any amounts in respect of any Rolled Tranche A Term Loans. 2.5. Repayment of Term Loans. The Tranche A Term Loan of each Tranche A Term Lender shall be repaid (i) in 19 consecutive quarterly installments, commencing with the first full fiscal quarter ending after the Closing Date, each of which shall be in an amount equal to such Lender s Tranche A Term Percentage multiplied by the amount set forth below opposite each installment (as such payments may be adjusted from time to time as a result of the application of prepayments in accordance with Section 2.12 or 2.13, an extension pursuant to Section 2.26 or an increase pursuant to Section 2.27, in each case subject solely to the applicable conditions set forth therein (and without, for the avoidance of doubt, the consent of any Lenders or other parties)) and (ii) on the Tranche A Final Maturity Date, the remainder of the principal amount of the Tranche A Term Loans outstanding on such date, together in each case with accrued but unpaid interest on the principal amount to be paid to but excluding the date of such payment: Fifteenth fiscal quarter after Closing Date 5,000,000 Seventh fiscal quarter after Closing Date Sixteenth fiscal quarter after Closing Date 2,500,000 5,000,000 Third fiscal quarter after Closing Date Seventeenth fiscal quarter after Closing Date 5,000,000 Eighth fiscal quarter after Closing Date 0 Eighteenth fiscal quarter after Closing Date 2,500,000 5,000,000 First full fiscal quarter after Closing Date Nineteenth fiscal quarter after Closing Date 5,000,000 Ninth fiscal quarter after Closing Date 2.6. Revolving Commitments. (a) Subject to the terms and conditions hereof, each Revolving Lender severally agrees (i) to make revolving credit loans denominated in U.S. Dollars Dollar Revolving Loans to the Borrowers and (ii) to make revolving credit loans denominated in one or more Foreign Currencies Foreign Currency Revolving Loans together with the Dollar Revolving Loans, 

the Revolving Loans to the Borrowers, in each case from time to time at such Borrower s request during the Revolving Commitment Period in an aggregate principal amount (based on, in the case of Foreign Currency Revolving Loans, the Dollar Equivalent of such Foreign Currency Revolving Loans) at any one time outstanding which, when added to the sum of (i) such Lender s Revolving Percentage of the sum of (x) the L/C Obligations then outstanding and (y) the aggregate principal amount of the Revolving Loans then outstanding and (ii) such Lender s Swingline Exposure then outstanding (which, in the case of the Swingline Lender, shall be the aggregate principal amount of all Swingline Loans outstanding at such time less the participation amounts otherwise funded by the Revolving Lenders other than a Swingline Lender) does not exceed the amount of such Lender s Revolving Commitment, after giving effect to the use of proceeds of any Revolving Loans to repay any Swingline Loans. During the Revolving Commitment Period each Borrower may use the Revolving Commitments by borrowing, prepaying the Revolving Loans in whole or in part, and reborrowing, all in accordance with the terms and conditions hereof. The Dollar Revolving Loans may from time to time be Adjusted LIBOTerm SOFR Rate Loans or ABR Loans, as determined by the applicable Borrower and notified to the Administrative Agent in accordance with Sections 2.7 and/or 2.14. The Foreign Currency Revolving Loans denominated in any Foreign Currency other than Canadian Dollars, Sterling or Swiss Francs shall be Term Benchmark Loans. The Foreign Currency Revolving Loans denominated in Sterling or Swiss Francs shall be RFR Loans. The Foreign Currency Revolving Loans denominated in Canadian Dollars shall be CDOR Loans or Canadian Prime Rate Loans, as determined by the applicable Borrower and notified to the Administrative Agent in accordance with Sections 2.7 and/or 2.14. (b) Each Borrower shall repay all outstanding Revolving Loans made to such Borrower on the Revolving Termination Date; provided, for the avoidance of doubt, that nothing in this Section 2.6(b) creates any obligation for (i) any Foreign Subsidiary Borrower to repay any Obligation of any Domestic Borrower or (ii) any Domestic Borrower to repay any Obligation of any Foreign Subsidiary Borrower. (c) The Borrower may, subject to the conditions to borrowing set forth herein, request that any such repayment of a Swingline Loan be financed with the proceeds of a borrowing under the Revolving Facility, upon which the Borrower s obligation to make such repayment of such Swingline Loan shall be satisfied by the resulting borrowing under the Revolving Facility. 72 4877-1242-0416 

2.7. Procedure for Revolving Loan Borrowing. (a) Each Borrower may borrow Dollar Revolving Loans under the Revolving Commitments during the Revolving Commitment Period on any Business Day prior to the Revolving Termination Date; provided that such Borrower shall give the Administrative Agent irrevocable notice (which notice must be received by the Administrative Agent (a) prior to 12:00 Noon, New York City time, three U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to the requested Borrowing Date, in the case of Term Benchmark Loans, or (b) prior to 12:00 Noon, New York City time, on the requested Borrowing Date, in the case of ABR Loans), specifying (i) the amount and the Type of Loans to be borrowed, (ii) the requested Borrowing Date and (iii) in the case of Term Benchmark Loans, the initial Interest Period therefor. Each such borrowing of Dollar Revolving Loans shall be in an amount equal to (x) in the case of ABR Loans, 1,000,000 or a whole multiple thereof (or, if the then aggregate Available Revolving Commitments are less than 1,000,000, such lesser amount) and (y) in the case of Term Benchmark Loans, 5,000,000 or a whole multiple of 1,000,000 in excess thereof, respectively; provided further that not greater than 100,000,000 (exclusive of any usage of the Revolving Facility to backstop or rollover Existing Letters of Credit or for working capital) of the Revolving Facility shall be available on the Closing Date to fund the Transactions (including payment of related fees and expenses). Upon receipt of any such notice of borrowing under the Revolving Facility from a Borrower, the Administrative Agent shall promptly notify each Lender under the Revolving Facility thereof. In the case of a borrowing under the Revolving Facility, each Revolving Lender will make the amount of its Revolving Percentage of such borrowing of Dollar Revolving Loans available to the Administrative Agent for the account of such Borrower at the Domestic Funding Office prior to 2:00 p.m., New York City time, on the Borrowing Date requested by such Borrower in funds immediately available to the Administrative Agent. Such borrowing will then be made available to such Borrower by the Administrative Agent crediting the account of such Borrower on the books of such office with the aggregate of the amounts made available to the Administrative Agent by the Revolving Lenders and in like funds as received by the Administrative Agent. (b) Each Borrower may borrow Foreign Currency Revolving Loans under the Revolving Commitments during the Revolving Commitment Period on any Business Day prior to the Revolving Termination Date; provided that such Borrower shall give the Administrative Agent irrevocable notice (which notice must be received by the Administrative Agent prior to (i) 11:00 a.m., New York City time, three Business Days prior to the requested Borrowing Date, in the case of Term Benchmark Borrowings denominated in Euros or Yen, (ii) 11:00 a.m., New York City time, five RFR Business Days prior to the requested Borrowing Date, in the case of RFR Borrowings denominated in Sterling, (iii) 11:00 a.m., New York City time, five RFR Business Days prior to the requested Borrowing Date, in the case of an RFR Borrowing denominated in Swiss Francs, (iv) 11:00 a.m., Toronto time, three Business Days prior to the requested Borrowing Date, in the case of CDOR Loans or (v) 11:00 a.m., Toronto time, one Business Day prior to the Borrowing Date, in the case of Canadian Prime Rate Loans) specifying (i) the amount and the Type of Foreign Currency Revolving Loans to be borrowed and the Foreign Currency with respect thereto, (ii) the requested Borrowing Date and (iii) the initial Interest Periods with respect thereto, to the extent applicable. Upon receipt of any such notice of borrowing under the Revolving Facility from a Borrower, the Administrative Agent shall promptly notify each Lender under the Revolving Facility thereof. Each borrowing of Foreign Currency Revolving Loans shall be in a minimum amount equal to the Applicable Minimum Amount for the relevant Foreign Currency; provided that a Foreign Currency Revolving Loan denominated in Euros may be in an aggregate amount that is required to finance the repayment of a Swingline Loan as contemplated by Section 2.6(c). Each Lender shall make the amount of its Revolving Percentage of such borrowing of Foreign Currency Revolving Loans available to the Administrative Agent for the account of the relevant Borrower by wire transfer of immediately available funds in the relevant Foreign Currency by 12:00 Noon, London time (or 12:00 Noon, Toronto time in the case of loans denominated in Canadian Dollars), on the Borrowing Date requested by such Borrower to the account of the Administrative Agent most recently designated by it for such purposes by notice to the Lenders. The Administrative Agent will make such Foreign Currency 73 4877-1242-0416 

Revolving Loans available to the relevant Borrower promptly crediting the amounts so received, in like funds, to the account of the relevant Borrower specified in such notice of borrowing from such Borrower. (c) Each Lender may, at its option, make any Loan available to any Borrower by causing any foreign or domestic branch or Affiliate of such Lender to make such Loan; provided that any exercise of such option shall not affect the obligation of such Borrower to repay such Loan in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. 2.8. Swingline Commitments. (a) Subject to the terms and conditions hereof, the Swingline Lender agrees to make a portion of the credit otherwise available to a Borrower under the Revolving Commitments by making swing line loans to such Borrower denominated in U.S. Dollars or Euros (the Swingline Loans in the United States or in the United Kingdom; provided that no Borrower shall request, and the Swingline Lender shall not make, any Swingline Loan if, after giving effect to the making of such Swingline Loan (i) the aggregate amount of the Available Revolving Commitments would be less than zero, (ii) the aggregate amount of all Swingline Loans would exceed the Swingline Commitment or (iii) the sum of (x) the Swingline Exposure of such Swingline Lender (which shall be the aggregate principal amount of all Swingline Loans outstanding at such time less the participation amounts otherwise funded by the Revolving Lenders other than a Swingline Lender), (y) the aggregate principal amount of outstanding Revolving Loans made by such Swingline Lender (in its capacity as a Revolving Lender) and (z) the L/C Exposure of such Swingline Lender (in its capacity as a Revolving Lender) shall not exceed its Revolving Commitment then in effect. During the Revolving Commitment Period, each Borrower may use the Swingline Commitment by borrowing, repaying and reborrowing, all in accordance with the terms and conditions hereof. Swingline Loans denominated in U.S. Dollars shall be ABR Loans only and Swingline Loans denominated in Euros shall be Daily Simple ESTR Loans only. (b) The applicable Borrower shall repay to the Swingline Lender the then unpaid principal amount of each Swingline Loan no later than the earlier of (a) the tenth Business Day after the making of such Swingline Loan and (b) the Revolving Termination Date; provided, for the avoidance of doubt, that nothing in this Section 2.8(b) creates any obligation for (i) any Foreign Subsidiary Borrower to repay any Obligation of any Domestic Borrower or (ii) any Domestic Borrower to repay any Obligation of any Foreign Subsidiary Borrower. 2.9. Procedure for Swingline Borrowing; Refunding of Swingline Loans. (a) Whenever a Borrower desires that the Swingline Lender make Swingline Loans, it shall give the Swingline Lender irrevocable telephonic notice confirmed promptly in writing (which telephonic notice must be received by the Swingline Lender not later than 2:00 p.m. New York City time (in the case of a Swingline Loan denominated in U.S. Dollars) or 2:00 p.m12:00 p.m. London time (in the case of a Swingline Loan denominated in Euros) on the proposed Borrowing Date), specifying (i) the amount to be borrowed and the currency and (ii) the requested Borrowing Date (which shall be a Business Day during the Revolving Commitment Period). Each borrowing under the Swingline Commitment denominated in U.S. Dollars shall be in an amount equal to 100,000 or a whole multiple of 100,000 in excess thereof, and each borrowing under the Swingline Commitment denominated in Euros shall be in an amount equal to 100,000 or a whole multiple of 100,000 in excess thereof. Not later than 3:00 p.m. New York City time (in the case of a Swingline Loan denominated in U.S. Dollars) or 3:00 p.m. London time, (in the case of a Swingline Loan denominated in Euros), on the Borrowing Date specified in a notice in respect of Swingline Loans, the Swingline Lender shall make available to the Administrative Agent at the Funding Office an amount in immediately available funds equal to the amount of the Swingline Loan to be made by the Swingline Lender. The Administrative Agent shall make the proceeds of such Swingline Loan available to the applicable Borrower on such Borrowing Date by depositing such proceeds in the account 74 4877-1242-0416 

of the applicable Borrower with the Administrative Agent on such Borrowing Date in immediately available funds. (b) The Swingline Lender, at any time and from time to time in its sole and absolute discretion may, require each Revolving Lender to purchase for cash an undivided participating interest in the then outstanding Swingline Loans made by the Swingline Lender by paying to the Swingline Lender an amount (the Swingline Participation Amount equal to (i) such Revolving Lender s Revolving Percentage times (ii) the sum of the aggregate principal amount of Swingline Loans made by the Swingline Lender then outstanding. (c) Whenever, at any time after the Swingline Lender has received from any Revolving Lender such Lender s Swingline Participation Amount, the Swingline Lender receives any payment on account of the applicable Swingline Loans, the Swingline Lender will distribute to such Lender its Swingline Participation Amount (appropriately adjusted, in the case of interest payments, to reflect the period of time during which such Lender s participating interest was outstanding and funded and, in the case of principal and interest payments, to reflect such Lender s pro rata portion of such payment if such payment is not sufficient to pay the principal of and interest on all Swingline Loans made by the Swingline Lender then due); provided, however, that in the event that such payment received by the Swingline Lender is required to be returned, such Revolving Lender will return to the Swingline Lender any portion thereof previously distributed to it by the Swingline Lender. (d) Each Revolving Lender s obligation to purchase participating interests pursuant to Section 2.9(b) shall be absolute and unconditional and shall not be affected by any circumstance, including (i) any setoff, counterclaim, recoupment, defense or other right that such Revolving Lender or any Borrower may have against the Swingline Lender, any Borrower or any other Person for any reason whatsoever; (ii) the occurrence or continuance of a Default or the failure to satisfy any of the other conditions specified in Section 5; (iii) any adverse change in the condition (financial or otherwise) of any Borrower; (iv) any breach of this Agreement or any other Loan Document by any Borrower, any other Loan Party or any other Lender; or (v) any other circumstance, happening or event whatsoever, whether or not similar to any of the foregoing. (e) If the maturity date shall have occurred in respect of any tranche of Revolving Commitments at a time when another Class(es), tranche(s) or series of Revolving Commitments is or are in effect with a longer maturity date (each, a Non-Expiring Credit Commitment and collectively, the Non-Expiring Credit Commitments ), then with respect to each outstanding Swingline Loan, if consented to by the Swingline Lender, on the earliest occurring maturity date, such Swingline Loan shall be deemed reallocated to the Class(es), tranche(s) or series of the Non-Expiring Credit Commitments on a pro rata basis; provided that to the extent that the amount of such reallocation would cause the aggregate credit exposure to exceed the aggregate amount of such Non-Expiring Credit Commitments, immediately prior to such reallocation the amount of Swingline Loans to be reallocated equal to such excess shall be repaid. Upon the maturity date of any tranche of Revolving Commitments, the sublimit for Swingline Loans may be reduced as agreed between the Swingline Lender and the Company, without the consent of any other Person. 2.10. Commitment Fees, etc. (a) The Borrowers agree to pay to the Administrative Agent for the account of each Revolving Lender a commitment fee for the period from and including the Closing Date to the last day of the Revolving Commitment Period, computed at the Commitment Fee Rate on the average daily Available Revolving Commitment of such Lender during the period for which payment is made, payable quarterly in arrears on the fifteenth Business Day of each January, April, July and October 75 4877-1242-0416 

and on the Revolving Termination Date, commencing on the first of such dates to occur after the Closing Date. (b) The Borrowers agree to pay to the Administrative Agent the fees in the amounts and on the dates previously agreed to in writing by the Company and the Administrative Agent. 2.11. Termination or Reduction of Revolving Commitments. The Company shall have the right, upon not less than three Business Days notice (or shorter notice period approved by the Administrative Agent) to the Administrative Agent, to terminate the Revolving Commitments or, from time to time, to reduce the amount of the Revolving Commitments; provided that no such termination or reduction of Revolving Commitments shall be permitted if, after giving effect thereto and to any prepayments of the Revolving Loans and Swingline Loans made on the effective date thereof, the Total Revolving Extensions of Credit would exceed the Total Revolving Commitments. Any such partial reduction shall be in an amount equal to 1,000,000, or a whole multiple thereof, and shall reduce permanently the Revolving Commitments then in effect. Each reduction of the Revolving Commitments shall be made ratably among the Revolving Lenders in accordance with their respective Revolving Commitments. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company may rescind or postpone any notice of termination of the Revolving Commitments if such termination would have resulted from a refinancing of all or any portion of any Facility or Facilities, which refinancing shall not be consummated or otherwise shall be delayed. 2.12. Optional Prepayments. The Borrowers may at any time and from time to time prepay the Loans (other than Foreign Currency Revolving Loans), in whole or in part, without premium or penalty (except as set forth below), upon notice delivered to the Administrative Agent (a) in the case of a prepayment of Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in Dollars, not later than 11:00 a.m., New York City time, three Business Days before the date of prepayment, and (b) on the same Business Day in the case of ABR Loans, which notice shall specify the date and amount of prepayment and the Type of Loans to be prepaid; provided, that if a Term Benchmark Loan is prepaid on any day other than the last day of the Interest Period applicable thereto, such Borrower shall also pay any amounts owing pursuant to Section 2.22. The Borrowers may at any time and from time to time prepay Foreign Currency Revolving Loans of one or more Classes, series or tranches, in whole or in part, without premium or penalty, upon notice delivered to the Administrative Agent, (a) in the case of prepayment of a Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in Euros or Yen, not later than 12:00 p.m., New York City time, three Business Days before the date of prepayment, (b) in the case of prepayment of an RFR Borrowing denominated in Sterling, not later than 11:00 a.m., New York City time, five Business Days before the date of prepayment, (c) in the case of prepayment of an RFR Borrowing denominated in Swiss Francs, not later than 11:00 a.m., New York City time, five Business Days before the date of prepayment, (d) in the case of prepayment of CDOR Loans, not later than 11:00 a.m., New York City time, three Business Days before the date of prepayment, and (e) on the same Business Day in the case of Canadian Prime Rate Loans or Swing LineSwingline Loans denominated in Euros; provided, that if a Term Benchmark Loan, CDOR Loan or RFR Loan is prepaid on any day other than the last day of the Interest Period applicable thereto, the Company shall also pay any amounts owing pursuant to Section 2.22. Upon receipt of any such notice the Administrative Agent shall promptly notify each relevant Lender thereof. If any such notice is given, the amount specified in such notice shall be due and payable on the date specified therein, together with (except in the case of Revolving Loans that are ABR Loans or Canadian Prime Rate Loans and Swingline Loans that are ABR Loans) accrued interest to such date on the amount prepaid; provided that notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, the Company may rescind, or extend the date for prepayment specified in, any notice of prepayment under this Section 2.12, if such prepayment would have resulted from a refinancing of all or any portion of any Facility or Facilities which refinancing shall not be consummated or shall otherwise be delayed. Partial prepayments of Tranche A Term Loans and Dollar Revolving Loans shall be in an aggregate principal 76 4877-1242-0416 

amount of 1,000,000 or a whole multiple thereof. Partial prepayments of Swingline Loans shall be in an aggregate principal amount of 100,000 or a whole multiple thereof. Partial prepayments of Foreign Currency Revolving Loans shall be in a minimum principal amount equal to the Applicable Minimum Amount for the relevant Foreign Currency. Any optional prepayments of the Term Loans shall be applied to the remaining installments thereof as selected by the Company (or absent any such selection in the direct order of maturity). 2.13. Mandatory Prepayments. (a) If any Indebtedness shall be incurred by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries after the Closing Date (other than any permitted Indebtedness incurred in accordance with Section 7.2 (except for Credit Agreement Refinancing Indebtedness which shall be applied in accordance with clause (iii) of the definition thereof)), an amount equal to 100.0 of the Net Cash Proceeds thereof shall be applied on the date of such issuance or incurrence toward the prepayment of the Term Loans as set forth in Section 2.13(d). (b) If on any date the Company or any of its Subsidiaries shall receive Net Cash Proceeds from any Asset Sale or Recovery Event then, the Applicable Prepayment Percentage of such Net Cash Proceeds shall be applied on the fifth Business Day following the receipt thereof toward the prepayment of the Term Loans as set forth in Section 2.13(d); provided, that, notwithstanding the foregoing, at the option of the Company, the Company may reinvest the Net Cash Proceeds in the business of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries within (x) 18 months following the receipt of such Net Cash Proceeds or (y) 24 months following the receipt of such Net Cash Proceeds, in the event that the Company or any of its Subsidiaries shall have entered into a binding commitment within 18 months following the receipt of such Net Cash Proceeds to reinvest such Net Cash Proceeds in the business of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries (it being understood that if any portion of such Net Cash Proceeds are no longer intended to be reinvested or are not reinvested within such 24-month period, the Applicable Prepayment Percentage of such Net Cash Proceeds shall be applied on the fifth Business Day after the Company reasonably determines that such Net Cash Proceeds are no longer intended to be or are not reinvested within such 24-month period toward prepayment of the Term Loans as set forth in Section 2.13(d)); provided that if at the time that any such prepayment would be required, the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is required to prepay or offer to repurchase with the Net Cash Proceeds of such Asset Sale or Recovery Event any Incremental Equivalent Debt, Credit Agreement Refinancing Indebtedness, Ratio Debt, Incurred Acquisition Debt or any other Indebtedness outstanding at such time, in each case that is secured by a Lien on the Collateral that is pari passu (but without regard to the control of remedies) with the Liens securing the Obligations pursuant to the terms of the documentation governing such Indebtedness (such Indebtedness required to be offered to be so repurchased, Other Applicable Asset Sale Indebtedness ), then the Company may apply the Net Cash Proceeds on a pro rata basis (determined on the basis of the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the Term Loans and Other Applicable Asset Sale Indebtedness at such time) to the prepayment of such Other Applicable Asset Sale Indebtedness; it being understood that the portion of the Net Cash Proceeds allocated to the Other Applicable Asset Sale Indebtedness shall not exceed the amount of the Net Cash Proceeds required to be allocated to the Other Applicable Asset Sale Indebtedness pursuant to the terms thereof (and the remaining amount, if any, of the Net Cash Proceeds shall be allocated to the Term Loans in accordance with the terms hereof), and the amount of the prepayment of the Term Loans that would have otherwise been required pursuant to this Section 2.13(b) shall be reduced accordingly. (c) [Reserved]. (d) The application of any prepayment pursuant to Section 2.13(a) or (b) shall be made ratably to the Term Loans based on the outstanding respective principal amounts thereof. Partial prepayments of the Term Loans pursuant to this Section 2.13 shall be applied to the remaining installments thereof in the direct order of maturity. The application of any prepayment of Term Loans 77 4877-1242-0416 

pursuant to this Section 2.13 shall be made, first, to ABR Loans and second, to Term Benchmark Loans. Each prepayment of the Loans under this Section 2.13 shall be accompanied by accrued interest to the date of such prepayment on the amount prepaid. (e) Each Lender may elect, by notice to the Administrative Agent at or prior to the time and in the manner specified by the Administrative Agent, prior to any prepayment of Term Loans required to be made by a Borrower pursuant to Section 2.13(b), to decline all (but not a portion) of its prepayment (such declined amounts, the Declined Proceeds ), which Declined Proceeds may be retained by the Company and used for any purpose permitted (or not prohibited) hereunder, including to increase the Available Amount; provided that, for the avoidance of doubt, no Lender may reject any prepayment made under Section 2.13(a) above to the extent that such prepayment is made with the proceeds of any Credit Agreement Refinancing Indebtedness incurred to refinance all or a portion of the Term Loans. If any Lender fails to deliver a notice to the Administrative Agent of its election to decline receipt of its ratable percentage of any mandatory prepayment within the time frame specified by the Administrative Agent, such failure will be deemed to constitute an acceptance of such Lender s ratable percentage of the total amount of such mandatory prepayment of the Term Loans. (f) [Reserved]. (g) If at any time the Total Revolving Extensions of Credit exceed 105 of the Total Revolving Commitments (including as a result of a change in the Exchange Rate for the purchase of U.S. Dollars with a Foreign Currency), the Borrowers shall, within one Business Day of notice thereof from the Administrative Agent, prepay the Revolving Loans in an amount equal to the amount of such excess or, to the extent the principal amount of Revolving Loans outstanding is less than the amount of such excess, cash collateralize L/C Obligations in respect of any Letters of Credit (in an amount equal to 101 of the face amount thereof) (or backstop or provide credit support reasonably acceptable to the applicable Issuing Lender), in each case to the extent necessary to eliminate any such excess. (h) Notwithstanding any other provisions of Section 2.13, to the extent any or all of the Net Cash Proceeds from any Asset Sale or Recovery Event received by a Foreign Subsidiary are prohibited or delayed by any applicable local law (including financial assistance, corporate benefit restrictions on upstreaming of cash intra group and the fiduciary and statutory duties of the directors of such Foreign Subsidiary) from being repatriated or passed on to or used for the benefit of the Company or any applicable Domestic Subsidiary (the Company hereby agreeing to cause the applicable Foreign Subsidiary to promptly take all actions reasonably required by the applicable local law to permit such repatriation as long as such repatriation does not create a material adverse tax consequence) or if the Company has determined in good faith that repatriation of any such amount to the Company or any applicable Domestic Subsidiary would have material adverse tax consequences with respect to such amount, the portion of such Net Cash Proceeds so affected will not be required to be applied to prepay Term Loans at the times provided in this Section 2.13 but may be retained by the applicable Foreign Subsidiary for so long, but only so long, as the applicable local law will not permit repatriation or the passing on to or otherwise using for the benefit of the Company or the applicable Domestic Subsidiary, or the Company believes in good faith that such material adverse tax consequence would result, and once such repatriation of any of such affected Net Cash Proceeds is permitted under the applicable local law or the Company determines in good faith that such repatriation would no longer would have such material adverse tax consequences, such repatriation will be promptly effected and such repatriated Net Cash Proceeds will be promptly (and in any event not later than five Business Days after such repatriation) applied (net of additional taxes payable or reasonably estimated to be payable as a result thereof) to the prepayment of the applicable Term Loans as otherwise required pursuant to this Section 2.13; provided that, notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company and the applicable Foreign Subsidiary shall have no 78 4877-1242-0416 

obligation to repatriate any Net Cash Proceeds (or take any further action with respect thereto) from and after the date that is twelve months after the receipt of such Net Cash Proceeds. 2.14. Conversion and Continuation Options. (a) Any Borrower may elect from time to time to convert Term Benchmark Loans denominated in U.S. Dollars to ABR Loans by giving the Administrative Agent at least two Business Days prior irrevocable notice of such election, provided that any such conversion of Term Benchmark Loans may only be made on the last day of an Interest Period with respect thereto. Any Borrower may elect from time to time to convert ABR Loans to Term Benchmark Loans denominated in U.S. Dollars by giving the Administrative Agent at least three Business Days prior irrevocable notice of such election (which notice shall specify the length of the initial Interest Period therefor); provided that no ABR Loan under a particular Facility may be converted into a Term Benchmark Loan denominated in U.S. Dollars when any Event of Default has occurred and is continuing and the Majority Facility Lenders in respect of such Facility have determined in its or their sole discretion not to permit such conversions. Upon receipt of any such notice the Administrative Agent shall promptly notify each relevant Lender thereof. (b) Any Borrower may elect from time to time to convert CDOR Loans to Canadian Prime Rate Loans by giving the Administrative Agent at least two Business Days prior irrevocable notice of such election, provided that any such conversion of CDOR Loans may only be made on the last day of an Interest Period with respect thereto. Any Borrower may elect from time to time to convert Canadian Prime Rate Loans to CDOR Loans by giving the Administrative Agent at least three Business Days prior irrevocable notice of such election (which notice shall specify the length of the initial Interest Period therefor); provided that no Canadian Prime Rate Loan under a particular Facility may be converted into a CDOR Loan when any Event of Default has occurred and is continuing and the Majority Facility Lenders in respect of such Facility have determined in its or their sole discretion not to permit such conversions. Upon receipt of any such notice the Administrative Agent shall promptly notify each relevant Lender thereof. (c) Any Term Benchmark Loan or CDOR Loan shall be continued as such upon the expiration of the then current Interest Period with respect thereto unless the applicable Borrower gives notice to the Administrative Agent, in accordance with the applicable provisions of the term Interest Period set forth in Section 1.1, of a different length of the next Interest Period to be applicable to such Loans or, in the case of Loans denominated in Dollars or Canadian Dollars, elects to convert such Loan to an ABR Loan or Canadian Prime Rate Loan, respectively; provided that no Term Benchmark Loan denominated in Dollars under a particular Facility or CDOR Loan under a particular Facility may be continued as such when any Event of Default has occurred and is continuing and the Majority Facility Lenders in respect of such Facility have determined in its or their sole discretion not to permit such continuations; and provided, further, that if such continuation is not permitted pursuant to the preceding proviso such Term Benchmark Loans denominated in U.S. Dollars or Canadian DollarsCDOR Loans, respectively, shall be automatically converted to ABR Loans or Canadian Prime Rate Loans, respectively, on the last day of such then expiring Interest Period and any Term Benchmark Loans denominated in any other currency shall be continued as such, with an Interest Period of one month s duration. Upon receipt of any such notice the Administrative Agent shall promptly notify each relevant Lender thereof. (d) It is understood and agreed that (i) only a Borrowing denominated in U.S. Dollars may be made as, or converted to, an ABR Loan, (ii) only a Borrowing denominated in Canadian Dollars may be made as, or converted to, a Canadian Prime Rate Loan or a CDOR Loan, (iii) only a Borrowing denominated in Dollars, Euros or Yen may be made as, or in the case of Dollars converted to, or continued as, a Loan bearing interest at thea Term Benchmark Rate, (iv) only a Borrowing denominated in Sterling or Swiss Francs or, solely after a Benchmark Replacement Date on which the Adjusted Term 79 4877-1242-0416 

SOFR Rate was replaced with the Adjusted Daily Simple RFR for Dollars, Dollars may be made as, or continued as, a Loan bearing interest at the RFR, and (v) only a Borrowing denominated in Euros may be converted to a Loan bearing interest at the Daily Simple ESTR in the circumstances described in Section 2.20. 2.15. Limitations on Term Benchmark Borrowings. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, all borrowings, conversions and continuations of Term Benchmark Loans hereunder and all selections of Interest Periods hereunder shall be in such amounts and be made pursuant to such elections so that, after giving effect thereto, the aggregate principal amount of the Term Benchmark Loans comprising each Term Benchmark Ttranche shall be equal to the Applicable Minimum Amount. 2.16. Interest Rates and Payment Dates. (a) Each Term Benchmark Loan denominated in Dollars shall bear interest for each day during each Interest Period with respect thereto at a rate per annum equal to the Adjusted LIBOTerm SOFR Rate determined for such day plus the Applicable Margin. (b) Each Term Benchmark Loan denominated in Euros shall bear interest for each day during each Interest Period with respect thereto at a rate per annum equal to the Adjusted EURIBOR Rate determined for such day plus the Applicable Margin. (c) Each Term Benchmark Loan denominated in Yen shall bear interest for each day during each Interest Period with respect thereto at a rate per annum equal to the Adjusted TIBOR Rate determined for such day plus the Applicable Margin. (d) Each RFR Loan shall bear interest at a rate per annum equal to the applicable Adjusted Daily Simple RFR for the applicable currency plus the Applicable Margin. (e) Each ABR Loan shall bear interest at a rate per annum equal to the Alternate Base Rate plus the Applicable Margin. (f) Each Canadian Prime Rate Loan shall bear interest at a rate per annum equal to the Canadian Prime Rate plus the Applicable Margin. (g) Each Daily Simple ESTR Loan shall bear interest at a rate per annum equal to the Daily Simple ESTR plus the Applicable Margin. (h) Each CDOR Loan shall bear interest for each day during each Interest Period with respect thereto at a rate per annum equal to the CDO Rate determined for such day plus the Applicable Margin. (i) (i) If all or a portion of the principal amount of or interest on any Loan or Reimbursement Obligation shall not be paid when due and payable (whether at the stated maturity, by acceleration or otherwise and after giving effect to any grace or cure periods applicable thereto), such overdue amounts shall bear interest at a rate per annum equal to (x) in the case of overdue amounts in respect of any Loan, the rate that would otherwise be applicable thereto pursuant to the foregoing provisions of this Section plus 2 or (y) in the case of overdue amounts in respect of any Reimbursement Obligation, the rate applicable to ABR Loans under the Revolving Facility plus 2 , and (ii) if all or a portion of any interest, commitment fee or other amount payable hereunder shall not be paid when due and payable (whether at the stated maturity, by acceleration or otherwise and after giving effect to any grace or cure periods applicable thereto), such overdue amount shall bear interest at a rate per annum equal to the rate then applicable to ABR Loans under the relevant Facility plus 2 (or, in the case of any 80 4877-1242-0416 

such other amounts that do not relate to a particular Facility, the rate then applicable to ABR Loans under the Revolving Facility plus 2 (unless such overdue amount is denominated in a Foreign Currency, in which case such overdue amount shall bear interest of a rate per annum equal to the highest rate then applicable under this Agreement to Foreign Currency Revolving Loans in such currency plus 2 ), in each case, with respect to clauses (i) and (ii) above, from the date of such non-payment until such amount is paid in full (as well after as before judgment). (j) Interest shall be payable in arrears on each Interest Payment Date; provided that interest accruing pursuant to paragraph (g) of this Section shall be payable from time to time on demand. (k) By entering into this Agreement, the parties hereto have assumed that the interest payable at the rates specified in this Agreement is not and will not be subject to any deduction of Swiss Withholding Tax. Nevertheless, if a deduction of Swiss Withholding Tax is required by law to be made by a Swiss Borrower in respect of any interest payable under this Agreement and should it be unlawful for a Swiss Borrower to comply with Section 2.21(a) for any reason (where this would otherwise be required by the terms of Section 2.21 and taking into account the exclusions in Section 2.21), and if the gross-up in accordance with Section 2.21 is effectively not paid, (i) the applicable interest rate in relation to that interest payment shall be (A) the interest rate which would have applied to that interest payment as provided for otherwise in this Section 2.16 in the absence of this Section 2.16(k)), divided by (B) 1 minus the rate at which the relevant deduction of Swiss Withholding Tax is required to be made (where the rate at which the relevant deduction of Swiss Withholding Tax is required to be made is for this purpose expressed as a fraction of 1); (ii) (A) the Swiss Borrower shall be obliged to pay the relevant interest at the adjusted rate in accordance with this Section 2.16(k), and (B) the Swiss Borrower shall make the deduction of Swiss Withholding Tax (within the time allowed and in the minimum amount required by law) on the interest so recalculated; and (iii) all references to a rate of interest under this Agreement shall be construed accordingly. To the extent that interest payable by a Swiss Borrower under this Agreement becomes subject to a deduction of Swiss Withholding Tax, the Lenders and such Swiss Borrower shall promptly cooperate in completing any procedural formalities (including submitting forms and documents required by the appropriate tax authority) to the extent possible and necessary for such Swiss Borrower to obtain authorization to make interest payments without them being subject to such deduction of Swiss Withholding Tax or to reduce the applicable withholding tax rate. If a Swiss Borrower pays the interest recalculated under this Section 2.16(k), that Swiss Borrower shall cooperate with each relevant Lender to enable that Lender to receive a full or partial refund of the Swiss Withholding Tax under an applicable double taxation treaty. If and to the extent a Lender receives a refund of Swiss Withholding Tax, it shall forward such amount, after deduction of costs, to the corresponding Swiss Borrower. This Section 2.16(k) shall not apply and no interest shall be recalculated pursuant to this Section 2.16(k) if a deduction of Swiss Withholding Tax is due as a result of any non-compliance by a Lender with the provisions of clause (iv) of Section 10.6(c)) or the Lender (i) making a misrepresentation as to its status according to Section 2.21(k) as a Swiss Qualifying Bank or as (only) one Swiss Permitted Non-Qualifying Bank or (ii) ceasing to be a Swiss Qualifying Bank Creditor or as (only) one Swiss Permitted Non-Qualifying Bank after the time it acceded to this Agreement. 81 4877-1242-0416 

2.17. Computation of Interest and Fees. (a) Interest and fees payable pursuant hereto shall be calculated on the basis of a 360-day year for the actual days elapsed, except that, with respect to ABR Loans or Canadian Prime Rate Loans the rate of interest on which is calculated on the basis of the Prime Rate or the Canadian Prime Rate, the interest thereon shall be calculated on the basis of a 365- (or 366-, as the case may be) day year for the actual days elapsed and that interest on any Foreign Currency Revolving Loan denominated in Pounds Sterling or Canadian Dollars shall be calculated on the basis of a 365-day year for actual days elapsed. The Administrative Agent shall as soon as practicable notify the Company and the relevant Lenders of each determination of a Term Benchmark Rate or CDO Rate. Any change in the interest rate on a Loan resulting from a change in the Alternate Base Rate or the Canadian Prime Rate shall become effective as of the opening of business on the day on which such change becomes effective. The Administrative Agent shall as soon as practicable notify the Company and the relevant Lenders of the effective date and the amount of each such change in interest rate. (b) Each determination of an interest rate by the Administrative Agent pursuant to any provision of this Agreement shall be conclusive and binding on the Borrowers and the Lenders absent manifest error. The Administrative Agent shall, at the request of the Company, deliver to the Company a statement showing the quotations used by the Administrative Agent in determining any interest rate pursuant to Section 2.17(a). 2.18. Alternate Rate of Interest. (a) Subject to clauses (b), (c), (d), (e), and (f) and (g) of this Section 2.18. (i) the Administrative Agent determines (which determination shall be conclusive absent manifest error) (A) prior to the commencement of any Interest Period for a Term Benchmark Borrowing or CDOR Rate Borrowing, that adequate and reasonable means do not exist for ascertaining the Adjusted LIBOTerm SOFR Rate, the LIBOTerm SOFR Rate, the Adjusted EURIBOR Rate, the EURIBOR Rate, the Adjusted TIBOR Rate, the TIBOR Rate or the CDO Rate (including because the Relevant Screen Rate is not available or published on a current basis), for the applicable Agreed Currency and such Interest Period or (B) at any time, that adequate and reasonable means do not exist for ascertaining the applicable Adjusted Daily Simple RFR, the Daily Simple RFR or the RFR for the applicable Agreed Currency; or (ii) the Administrative Agent is advised by the Required Lenders that (A) prior to the commencement of any Interest Period for a Term Benchmark Borrowing or CDO Rate Borrowing, the Adjusted LIBOTerm SOFR Rate, the LIBOTerm SOFR Rate, the Adjusted EURIBOR Rate, the EURIBOR Rate, the Adjusted TIBOR Rate, the TIBOR Rate or the CDO Rate for the applicable Agreed Currency and such Interest Period will not adequately and fairly reflect the cost to such Lenders (or Lender) of making or maintaining their Loans (or its Loan) included in such Borrowing for the applicable Agreed Currency and such Interest Period or (B) at any time, the applicable Adjusted Daily Simple RFR or RFR for the applicable Agreed Currency will not adequately and fairly reflect the cost to such Lenders (or Lender) of making or maintaining their Loans (or its Loan) included in such Borrowing for the applicable Agreed Currency; then the Administrative Agent shall give notice thereof to the Borrowers and the Lenders by telephone, telecopy or electronic mail as promptly as practicable thereafter and, until (x) the Administrative Agent notifies the Borrowers and the Lenders that the circumstances giving rise to such notice no longer exist, (A) (which notice shall be given by the Administrative Agent promptly after its determination that such circumstances have ceased to exist) with respect to the relevant Benchmark and (y) the applicable Borrower delivers a new Interest Election Request in accordance with the terms of Section 2.14 or a new request for a Borrowing pursuant to Section 2.7, (A) for Loans denominated in Dollars, any Interest 82 4877-1242-0416 

Election Request that requests the conversion of any Borrowing to, or continuation of any Borrowing as, a Term Benchmark Borrowing or CDO Rateand any request for a Borrowing shall be ineffective, (B) if any Borrowing Requestthat requests a Term Benchmark Borrowing in Dollars, such Borrowing shall be made as an ABR Borrowing and (C) if any borrowing requestshall instead be deemed to be an Interest Election Request or a request for a Borrowing, as applicable, for (x) an RFR Borrowing denominated in Dollars so long as the Adjusted Daily Simple RFR for Dollar Borrowings is not also the subject of Section 2.18(a)(i) or (ii) above or (y) an ABR Borrowing if the Adjusted Daily Simple RFR for Dollar Borrowings also is the subject of Section 2.18(a)(i) or (ii) above, (B) for Loans denominated in Canadian Dollars, any Interest Election Request that requests the conversion of any Borrowing to, or continuation of any Borrowing as, a CDO Rate Borrowing and any request for a Borrowing that requests a CDO Rate Borrowing shall instead be deemed to be an Interest Election Request or a request for a Borrowing, as applicable, for a Canadian Prime Rate Borrowing and (C) for Loans denominated in any Foreign Currency other than Canadian Dollars, any Interest Election Request that requests the conversion of any Borrowing to, or continuation of any Borrowing as, a Term Benchmark Borrowing and any request for a Borrowing that requests a Term Benchmark Borrowing or an RFR Borrowing, in each case, for the relevant rate above in an Foreign Currency, then such requestBenchmark, shall be ineffective; provided that if the circumstances giving rise to such notice affect only one Type of Borrowings, then all other Types of Borrowings shall be permitted. Furthermore, if any Term Benchmark Loan, RFR Loan or CDOR Loan in any Agreed Currency is outstanding on the date of the Borrower s receipt of the notice from the Administrative Agent referred to in this Section 2.18 with respect to a Relevant Rate applicable to such Term Benchmark Loan, RFR Loan or CDOR Loan, then until (x) the Administrative Agent notifies the Borrowers and the Lenders that the circumstances giving rise to such notice no longer exist, (i) if such Term Benchmark Loan is (which notice shall be given by the Administrative Agent promptly after its determination that such circumstances have ceased to exist) with respect to the relevant Benchmark and (y) the applicable Borrower delivers a new Interest Election Request in accordance with Section 2.14 or a new request for a Borrowing in accordance with the terms of Section 2.7, (A) for Loans denominated in Dollars, thenany Term Benchmark Loan shall on the last day of the Interest Period applicable to such Loan (or the next succeeding Business Day if such day is not a Business Day), such Loan shall be converted by the Administrative Agent to, and shall constitute, (x) an ABRFR LoanBorrowing denominated in Dollars so long as the Adjusted Daily Simple RFR for Dollar Borrowings is not also the subject of Section 2.18(a)(i) or (ii) above or (y) an ABR Loan if the Adjusted Daily Simple RFR for Dollar Borrowings also is the subject of Section 2.18(a)(i) or (ii) above, on such day, and (iiB) if suchfor Loans denominated in a Foreign Currency, any Term Benchmark Loan is denominated in any Agreed Currency other than Dollars, then such Loan shall, on the last day of the Interest Period applicable to such Loan (or the next succeeding Business Day if such day is not a Business Day) bear interest at the Central Bank Rate (or, in the case of the Yen, the Japanese Prime Rate or, in the case of the Canadian Dollar, the Canadian Prime Rate) for the applicable AgreedForeign Currency plus the Applicable RateCBR Spread; provided that, if the Administrative Agent determines reasonably and in good faith (which determination shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error) that the Central Bank Rate (or, in the case of the Yen, the Japanese Prime Rate or, in the case of the Canadian Dollar, the Canadian Prime Rate) for the applicable AgreedForeign Currency cannot be determined, any outstanding affected Term Benchmark Loans denominated in any AgreedForeign Currency other than Dollars shall, at the applicable Borrower s election prior to such day: (A) be prepaid by the applicable Borrower on such day or (B) solely for the purpose of calculating the interest rate applicable to such Term Benchmark Loan, such Term Benchmark Loan denominated in any AgreedForeign Currency other than Dollars shall be deemed to be a Term Benchmark Loan denominated in Dollars and shall accrue interest at the same interest rate applicable to Term Benchmark Loans denominated in Dollars at such time, and (iii2) if suchany RFR Loan is denominated in any Agreed Currency other than Dollars, then such Loan shall bear interest at the Central Bank Rate for the applicable AgreedForeign Currency plus the Applicable RateCBR Spread; provided that, if the Administrative Agent determines reasonably and in good faith (which determination shall be conclusive 83 4877-1242-0416 

and binding absent manifest error) that the Central Bank Rate for the applicable AgreedForeign Currency cannot be determined, any outstanding affected RFR Loans denominated in any AgreedForeign Currency other than Dollars, at the applicable Borrower s election, shall either (A) be converted into ABR Loans denominated in Dollars (in an amount equal to the Dollar Equivalent of such Foreign Currency) immediately or (B) be prepaid in full immediately or (iv) if such Term Benchmark Loan is denominated in Canadian Dollars, then on the last day of the Interest Period applicable to such Loan (or the next succeeding Business Day if such day is not a Business Day), such Loan shall be converted by the Administrative Agent to, and shall constitute, a Canadian Prime Rate Loan denominated in Canadian Dollars on such day.. (b) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document (and any Swap Agreement shall be deemed not to be a Loan Document for purposes of this Section 2.18), if a Benchmark Transition Event, an Early Opt-in Election or an Other Benchmark Rate Election, as applicable, and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred prior to the Reference Time in respect of any setting of the then-current Benchmark, then (x) if a Benchmark Replacement is determined in accordance with clause (1) or (2) of the definition of Benchmark Replacement with respect to Dollars for such Benchmark Replacement Date, such Benchmark Replacement will replace such Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Loan Document in respect of such Benchmark setting and subsequent Benchmark settings without any amendment to, or further action or consent of any other party to, this Agreement or any other Loan Document and (y) if a Benchmark Replacement is determined in accordance with clause (32) of the definition of Benchmark Replacement with respect to any Agreed Currency for such Benchmark Replacement Date, such Benchmark Replacement will replace such Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Loan Document in respect of any Benchmark setting at or after 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the fifth (5th) Business Day after the date notice of such Benchmark Replacement is provided to the Lenders and the Company without any amendment to, or further action or consent of any other party to, this Agreement or any other Loan Document so long as the Administrative Agent has not received, by such time, written notice of objection to such Benchmark Replacement from Lenders comprising the RequiredMajority Facility Lenders. (c) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document and subject to the proviso below in this paragraph, with respect to a Loan denominated in Dollars, if a Term SOFR Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred prior to the Reference Time in respect of any setting of the then-current Benchmark, then the applicable Benchmark Replacement will replace the then-current Benchmark for all purposes hereunder or under any Loan Document in respect of such Benchmark setting and subsequent Benchmark settings, without any amendment to, or further action or consent of any other party to, this Agreement or any other Loan Document; provided that, this clause (c) shall not be effective unless the Administrative Agent has delivered to the Lenders and the Borrower a Term SOFR Notice. For the avoidance of doubt, the Administrative Agent shall not be required to deliver a Term SOFR Notice after the occurrence of a Term SOFR Transition Event and may do so in its sole discretion. (dc)Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, in connection with the implementation of a Benchmark Replacement, the Administrative Agent will have the right to make Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes from time to time and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, any amendments implementing such Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes will become effective without any further action or consent of any other party to this Agreement or any other Loan Document. (ed)The Administrative Agent will promptly notify the Borrowers and the Lenders of (i) any occurrence of a Benchmark Transition Event, an Early Opt-in Election or an Other Benchmark Rate Election, as applicable, (ii) the implementation of any Benchmark Replacement, (iii) the effectiveness of 84 4877-1242-0416 

any Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes, (iv) the removal or reinstatement of any tenor of a Benchmark pursuant to clause (fe) below and (v) the commencement or conclusion of any Benchmark Unavailability Period. Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Administrative Agent or, if applicable, any Lender (or group of Lenders) pursuant to this Section 2.18, including any determination with respect to a tenor, rate or adjustment or of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, circumstance or date and any decision to take or refrain from taking any action or any selection, will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error and may be made in its or their sole discretion and without consent from any other party to this Agreement or any other Loan Document, except, in each case, as expressly required pursuant to this Section 2.18. (fe) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, at any time (including in connection with the implementation of a Benchmark Replacement), (i) if the then-current Benchmark is a term rate (including Term SOFR, LIBO Rate, EURIBOR Rate, TIBOR Rate or CDO Rate) and either (A) any tenor for such Benchmark is not displayed on a screen or other information service that publishes such rate from time to time as selected by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion or (B) the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark has provided a public statement or publication of information announcing that any tenor for such Benchmark is or will be no longer representative, then the Administrative Agent may modify the definition of Interest Period for any Benchmark settings at or after such time to remove such unavailable or non-representative tenor and (ii) if a tenor that was removed pursuant to clause (i) above either (A) is subsequently displayed on a screen or information service for a Benchmark (including a Benchmark Replacement) or (B) is not, or is no longer, subject to an announcement that it is or will no longer be representative for a Benchmark (including a Benchmark Replacement), then the Administrative Agent may modify the definition of Interest Period for all Benchmark settings at or after such time to reinstate such previously removed tenor. (gf) Upon the Borrower s receipt of notice of the commencement of a Benchmark Unavailability Period, the Borrowers may revoke any request for a Term Benchmark Borrowing, RFR Borrowing or CDO Rate Borrowing of, conversion to or continuation of Term Benchmark Loans or CDOR Loans to be made, converted or continued during any Benchmark Unavailability Period and, failing that, either (x) the Borrowers will be deemed to have converted any request for (1) a Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in Dollars into a request for a Borrowing of or conversion to ABR Loans, (y) the Borrower will be deemed to have converted any request for(A) an RFR Borrowing denominated in Dollars so long as the Adjusted Daily Simple RFR for Dollar Borrowings is not the subject of a Benchmark Transition Event or (B) an ABR Borrowing if the Adjusted Daily Simple RFR for Dollar Borrowings is the subject of a Benchmark Transition Event, (2) a CDO Rate Borrowing into a request for a Borrowing of or conversion to Canadian Prime Rate Loans, or (z3) an Adjusted TIBOR Rate Borrowing into a request for a Borrowing of or conversion to the Japanese Prime Rate or (y) any Term Benchmark Borrowing or RFR Borrowing denominated in anany Foreign Currency other than Yen and Canadian Dollars shall be ineffective. During any Benchmark Unavailability Period or at any time that a tenor for the then-current Benchmark is not an Available Tenor, the component of the Alternate Base Rate based upon the then-current Benchmark or such tenor for such Benchmark, as applicable, will not be used in any determination of the Alternate Base Rate and the component of the Canadian Prime Rate based upon the then-current Benchmark or such tenor for such Benchmark, as applicable, will not be used in any determination of the Canadian Prime Rate. Furthermore, if any Term Benchmark Loan, RFR Loan in any Agreed Currency or CDOR Loan is outstanding on the date of the Borrower s receipt of notice of the commencement of a Benchmark Unavailability Period with respect to a Relevant Rate applicable to such Term Benchmark Loan, RFR Loan or CDOR Loan, then until such time as a Benchmark Replacement for such Agreed Currency is implemented pursuant to this Section 2.18, (iA) if suchfor Loans denominated in Dollars any Term Benchmark Loan is denominated in Dollars, thenshall on the last day of the Interest Period applicable to such Loan (or the next succeeding Business Day if 85 4877-1242-0416 

such day is not a Business Day), such Loan shall be converted by the Administrative Agent to, and shall constitute, an ABR Loan denominated in Dollars(x) an RFR Borrowing denominated in Dollars so long as the Adjusted Daily Simple RFR for Dollar Borrowings is not the subject of a Benchmark Transition Event or (y) an ABR Loan if the Adjusted Daily Simple RFR for Dollar Borrowings is the subject of a Benchmark Transition Event, on such day, and (iiB) if such CDORfor Loans is denominated in Canadian Dollars, then on the last day of the Interest Period applicable to such Loan (or the next succeeding Business Day if such day is not a Business Day), such Loan shall be converted by the Administrative Agent to, and shall constitute, a CDOR Loan denominated in Canadian Dollars on such daya Foreign Currency, (iii1) if suchany Term Benchmark Loan is denominated in any Agreed Currency other than Dollars, then suchor CDOR Loan shall, on the last day of the Interest Period applicable to such Loan (or the next succeeding Business Day if such day is not a Business Day) bear interest at the Central Bank Rate (or, in the case of the Yen, the Japanese Prime Rate or in the case of the Canadian Dollar, the Canadian Prime Rate) for the applicable AgreedForeign Currency plus the CBR Spread; provided that, if the Administrative Agent determines reasonably and in good faith (which determination shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error) that the Central Bank Rate (or, in the case of the Yen, the Japanese Prime Rate or in the case of the Canadian Dollar, the Canadian Prime Rate) for the applicable AgreedForeign Currency cannot be determined, any outstanding affected Term Benchmark Loans denominated in any AgreedForeign Currency other than Dollars shall, at the applicable Borrower s election prior to such day: (A) be prepaid by the applicable Borrower on such day or (B) solely for the purpose of calculating the interest rate applicable to such Term Benchmark Loan, such Term Benchmark Loan denominated in any AgreedForeign Currency other than Dollars shall be deemed to be a Term Benchmark Loan denominated in Dollars and shall accrue interest at the same interest rate applicable to Term Benchmark Loans denominated in Dollars at such time orand (iv2) if suchany RFR Loan is denominated in any Agreed Currency other than Dollars, then such Loan shall bear interest at the Central Bank Rate for the applicable AgreedForeign Currency plus the CBR Spread; provided that, if the Administrative Agent determines reasonably and in good faith (which determination shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error) that the Central Bank Rate for the applicable AgreedForeign Currency cannot be determined, any outstanding affected RFR Loans denominated in any AgreedForeign Currency, at the applicable Borrower s election, shall either (A) be converted into ABR Loans denominated in Dollars (in an amount equal to the Dollar Equivalent of such Foreign Currency) immediately or (B) be prepaid in full immediately. 2.19. Pro Rata Treatment and Payments. (a) Each borrowing by a Borrower from the Revolving Lenders hereunder, each payment by a Borrower on account of any commitment fee and any reduction of the Revolving Commitments shall be made pro rata according to the respective Revolving Percentages of the Revolving Lenders. (b) Each payment (including each prepayment) by a Borrower on account of principal of and interest on the Revolving Loans shall be made pro rata according to the respective outstanding principal amounts of the Revolving Loans then held by the Revolving Lenders, except as otherwise provided in Section 2.28. (c) Each payment (including each prepayment) by the Company on account of principal of and interest and premium, if any, on the Tranche A Term Loans shall be made pro rata according to the respective outstanding principal amounts of the Tranche A Term Loans then held by the Tranche A Term Lenders. The amount of each principal prepayment of the Tranche A Term Loans shall be applied to reduce the then remaining installments of the Tranche A Term Loans in the direct order of maturity. Amounts prepaid on account of the Tranche A Term Loans may not be reborrowed. (d) [Reserved]. 86 4877-1242-0416 

(e) All payments (including prepayments) to be made by a Borrower hereunder, whether on account of principal, interest, fees or otherwise, shall be made without setoff or counterclaim and shall be made prior to 2:00 p.m., New York City time, on the due date thereof to the Administrative Agent, for the account of the Lenders, at its Domestic Funding Office, in U.S. Dollars and in immediately available funds (or, in the case of principal or interest relating to Foreign Currency Revolving Loans, prior to 2:00 p.m. Local Time, on the due date thereof to the Administrative Agent, for the account of the Lenders, at its Funding Office, in the relevant Foreign Currency and in immediately available funds). The Administrative Agent shall distribute such payments to the Lenders promptly upon receipt in like funds as received. If any payment hereunder (other than payments on the Term Benchmark Loans or CDOR Loans) becomes due and payable on a day other than a Business Day, such payment shall be extended to the next succeeding Business Day. If any payment on a Term Benchmark Loan or CDOR Loans becomes due and payable on a day other than a Business Day, the maturity thereof shall be extended to the next succeeding Business Day unless the result of such extension would be to extend such payment into another calendar month, in which event such payment shall be made on the immediately preceding Business Day. In the case of any extension of any payment of principal pursuant to the preceding two sentences, interest thereon shall be payable at the then applicable rate during such extension. (f) Unless the Administrative Agent shall have been notified in writing by any Lender prior to a borrowing that such Lender will not make the amount that would constitute its share of such borrowing available to the Administrative Agent, the Administrative Agent may assume that such Lender is making such amount available to the Administrative Agent, and the Administrative Agent may, in reliance upon such assumption, make available to the applicable Borrower a corresponding amount. If such amount is not made available to the Administrative Agent by the required time on the Borrowing Date therefor, such Lender shall pay to the Administrative Agent, on demand, (i) in the case of amounts denominated in U.S. Dollars, such amount with interest thereon at a rate equal to the daily average NYFRB Rate or (ii) in the case of amounts denominated in Foreign Currencies, such amount with interest thereon at a rate determined by the Administrative Agent to be the cost to it of funding such amount, in each case for the period until such Lender makes such amount immediately available to the Administrative Agent. A certificate of the Administrative Agent submitted to any Lender with respect to any amounts owing under this paragraph shall be conclusive absent manifest error. If such Lender s share of such borrowing is not made available to the Administrative Agent by such Lender within three Business Days of such Borrowing Date, the Administrative Agent shall also be entitled to recover (i) in the case of amounts denominated in U.S. Dollars, such amount with interest thereon at the rate per annum equal to the daily average Federal Funds Effective Rate, on demand, from the applicable Borrower or (ii) in the case of amounts denominated in Foreign Currencies, such amount with interest thereon at a rate determined by the Administrative Agent to be the cost to it of funding such amount, on demand, from the applicable Borrower. (g) Unless the Administrative Agent shall have been notified in writing by the applicable Borrower prior to the date of any payment being made hereunder that the applicable Borrower will not make such payment to the Administrative Agent, the Administrative Agent may assume that the applicable Borrower is making such payment, and the Administrative Agent may, but shall not be required to, in reliance upon such assumption, make available to the Lenders their respective pro rata shares of a corresponding amount. If such payment is not made to the Administrative Agent by the applicable Borrower within three Business Days of such required date, the Administrative Agent shall be entitled to recover, on demand, from each Lender to which any amount which was made available pursuant to the preceding sentence, (i) in the case of amounts denominated in U.S. Dollars, such amount with interest thereon at the rate per annum equal to the daily average Federal Funds Effective Rate and (ii) in the case of amounts denominated in Foreign Currencies, such amount with interest thereon at a rate per annum determined by the Administrative Agent to be the cost to it of funding such amount. Nothing 87 4877-1242-0416 

herein shall be deemed to limit the rights of the Administrative Agent or any Lender against any Borrower. (h) Nothing in this Section 2.19 creates any obligation for (i) any Foreign Subsidiary Borrower to repay any Obligation of any Domestic Borrower or (ii) any Domestic Borrower to repay any Obligation of any Foreign Subsidiary Borrower. 2.20. Requirements of Law. (a) If the adoption of or any change in any Requirement of Law or in the interpretation or application thereof or compliance by any Credit Party with any request or directive (whether or not having the force of law) from any central bank or other Governmental Authority made subsequent to the date hereof: (i) shall subject such Credit Party to any Tax (except for Non-Excluded Taxes and Taxes described in clauses (i) through (iv) of the definition of Non-Excluded Taxes) on its loans, loan principal, letters of credit, commitments, or other obligations, or its deposits, reserves, other liabilities or capital attributable thereto; (ii) shall impose, modify or hold applicable any reserve, special deposit, compulsory loan or similar requirement (including any insurance charge or other assessment, but other than any reserve requirement contemplated by Section 2.20(e)) against assets held by, deposits or other liabilities in or for the account of, advances, loans or other extensions of credit by, or any other acquisition of funds by, any office of such Credit Party or any Letter of Credit or participation therein; or (iii) shall impose on such Credit Party or the London interbank or other relevant market any other condition, cost or expense affecting this Agreement or the Loans made by such Credit Party or any Letter of Credit or participation therein (other than Taxes); and the result of any of the foregoing is to increase the cost to such Credit Party, by an amount that such Credit Party deems to be material, of making, converting into, continuing or maintaining Loans or issuing or participating in Letters of Credit or to reduce any amount receivable hereunder in respect thereof, then, in any such case, the Borrowers shall pay such Credit Party, following thirty (30) days prior written demand and delivery of the calculation of such amount, any additional amounts necessary to compensate such Credit Party for such increased cost or reduced amount receivable. If any Credit Party becomes entitled to claim any additional amounts pursuant to this paragraph, it shall promptly notify the Company (with a copy to the Administrative Agent) of the event by reason of which it has become so entitled together with a calculation of such amount claimed; provided that failure or delay on the part of any Credit Party to demand compensation pursuant to this Section 2.20(a) shall not constitute a waiver of such Credit Party s right to demand such compensation; provided further that the Borrowers shall not be required to compensate a Lender pursuant to this paragraph for any amounts incurred more than 90 days prior to the date that such Lender notifies the Company of such Lender s intention to claim compensation therefor; and provided further that, if the circumstances giving rise to such claim have a retroactive effect, then such 90-day period shall be extended to include the period of such retroactive effect; provided further that in respect of clause (a)(i), the Company shall be required to make such payment only if the respective Lender certifies that it generally requires similarly situated borrowers in comparable syndicated credit facilities to which it is a lender to make similar payments. (b) If any Credit Party shall have determined that the adoption of or any change in any Requirement of Law regarding capital or liquidity requirements or in the interpretation or application thereof or compliance by such Credit Party, or any corporation controlling such Credit Party with any request or directive regarding capital or liquidity requirements (whether or not having the force of law) 88 4877-1242-0416 

from any Governmental Authority made subsequent to the Closing Date shall have the effect of reducing the rate of return on such Credit Party s or such corporation s capital as a consequence of its obligations hereunder or under or in respect of any Letter of Credit to a level below that which such Lender or such corporation could have achieved but for such adoption, change or compliance (taking into consideration such Credit Party s or such corporation s policies with respect to capital adequacy or liquidity) by an amount deemed by such Lender to be material, then from time to time, after submission by such Credit Party to the Company (with a copy to the Administrative Agent) of a written request therefor, the Borrowers shall pay to such Credit Party such additional amount or amounts as will compensate such Credit Party for such reduction; provided that the Borrowers shall not be required to compensate a Lender pursuant to this paragraph for any amounts incurred more than 90 days prior to the date that such Lender notifies the Company of such Lender s intention to claim compensation therefor; provided further that, if the circumstances giving rise to such claim have a retroactive effect, then such 90-day period shall be extended to include the period of such retroactive effect; and provided further that the Company shall be required to make such payment only if the respective Lender certifies that it generally requires similarly situated borrowers in comparable syndicated credit facilities to which it is a lender to make similar payments. (c) Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary (x) the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and all requests, rules, guidelines or directives thereunder or issued in connection therewith and (y) all requests, rules, guidelines or directives promulgated by the Bank for International Settlements, the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (or any successor or similar authority), or the United States or foreign regulatory authorities, in each case pursuant to Basel III, shall be deemed to be a change in a Requirement of Law, regardless of the date enacted, adopted or issued. (d) A certificate as to any additional amounts payable pursuant to this Section submitted by any Credit Party to the Company (with a copy to the Administrative Agent) shall be conclusive absent manifest error. The obligations of the Borrowers pursuant to this Section shall survive the termination of this Agreement and the payment of the Loans and all other amounts payable hereunder. (e) Eurocurrency Liabilities. Each Borrower shall pay to each Lender, without duplication, (i) as long as such Lender shall be required to maintain reserves with respect to liabilities or assets consisting of or including Eurocurrency funds or deposits (currently known as Eurocurrency liabilities ), additional interest on the unpaid principal amount of each Term Benchmark Loan, RFR Loan or CDOR RateLoan equal to the actual costs of such reserves allocated to such Loan by such Lender (as determined by such Lender in good faith, which determination shall be conclusive absent manifest error), and (ii) as long as such Lender shall be required to comply with any reserve ratio requirement or analogous requirement of any other central banking or financing regulatory authority imposed in respect of the maintenance of the Commitments or the funding of any Term Benchmark Loan, RFR Loan or CDOR RateLoan of such Borrower, such additional costs (expressed as a percentage per annum and rounded upwards, if necessary, to the nearest five decimal places) equal to the actual costs allocated to such Commitment or Loan by such Lender (as determined by such Lender in good faith, which determination shall be conclusive absent manifest error), which in each case shall be due and payable on each date on which interest is payable on such Loan; provided the Company shall have received at least 30 days prior written notice (with a copy to the Administrative Agent) of such additional interest or cost from such Lender; provided further that the Company shall be required to make such payment only if the respective Lender certifies that it generally requires similarly situated borrowers in comparable syndicated credit facilities to which it is a lender to make similar payments. (f) Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, if, after the date hereof, (i)(A) the adoption of any law, rule or regulation after the date of this Agreement, (B) any change in any law, rule or regulation or in the interpretation or application thereof by any Governmental Authority after the 89 4877-1242-0416 

date of this Agreement or (C) compliance by any Lender with any request, guideline or directive (whether or not having the force of law) of any Governmental Authority made or issued after the date of this Agreement, shall make it unlawful for any such Lender to make or maintain any Foreign Currency Revolving Loan or to give effect to its obligations as contemplated hereby with respect to any Foreign Currency Revolving Loan, or (ii) there shall have occurred any change in national or international financial, political or economic conditions (including the imposition of or any change in exchange controls, but excluding conditions otherwise covered by this Section 2.20) or currency exchange rates which would make it impracticable for the Lenders to make or maintain Foreign Currency Revolving Loans denominated in the relevant currency to, or for the account of, any Borrower, then, by written notice to the Company and to the Administrative Agent: (i) such Lender or Lenders may declare that Foreign Currency Revolving Loans (in the affected currency or currencies) will not thereafter (for the duration of such unlawfulness or impracticality) be made by such Lender or Lenders hereunder (or be continued for additional Interest Periods), whereupon any request for a Foreign Currency Revolving Loan (in the affected currency or currencies) or to continue a Foreign Currency Revolving Loan (in the affected currency or currencies), as the case may be, for an additional Interest Period shall, as to such Lender or Lenders only, be of no force and effect, unless such declaration shall be subsequently withdrawn; and (ii) such Lender may require that all outstanding Foreign Currency Revolving Loans (in the affected currency or currencies) whose interest is determined by reference to the applicable Term Benchmark Rate, RFR or CDO Rate made by it be converted to, in the case of CDOR Loans, as Canadian Prime Rate Loans, in the case of TIBOR Rate Loans, as Japanese Prime Rate Loans, in the case of Term Benchmark Loans denominated in Euros, as Daily Simple ESTR Loans, or in the case of Term Benchmark Loans or RFR Loans denominated in Pounds Sterling, Yen, Swiss Francs or any additional Foreign Currency, either another mutually acceptable alternative rate (which in no event shall be less than zero) or at the Company s option converted to ABR Loans denominated in U.S. Dollars, as the case may be (unless repaid by the relevant Borrower as described below), in which event all such Foreign Currency Revolving Loans (in the affected currency or currencies) shall be so converted as of the effective date of such notice as provided in this Section 2.20(f) and at the Exchange Rate on the date of such conversion or, at the option of the relevant Borrower, repaid on the last day of the then current Interest Period with respect thereto or, if earlier, the date on which the applicable notice becomes effective. In the event any Lender shall exercise its rights under (i) or (ii) above, all payments and prepayments of principal that would otherwise have been applied to repay the converted Foreign Currency Revolving Loans of such Lender shall instead be applied to repay the Loans made by such Lender resulting from such conversion. For purposes of this Section 2.20(f), a notice to the Company by any Lender shall be effective as to each Foreign Currency Revolving Loan made by such Lender, if lawful, on the last day of the Interest Period, if any, currently applicable to such Foreign Currency Revolving Loan; in all other cases such notice shall be effective on the date of receipt thereof by the Company. 2.21. Taxes. (a) Any and all payments by or on account of any obligation of the Company under any Loan Document shall be made free and clear of, and without deduction or withholding for or on account of, any Taxes, except as required by applicable law. If any applicable law (as determined in the good faith discretion of an applicable Withholding Agent) requires the deduction or withholding of any Tax from any such payment by a Withholding Agent, then the applicable Withholding Agent shall be entitled to make such deduction or withholding and shall timely pay the full amount deducted or withheld 90 4877-1242-0416 

to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with applicable law and, if such Tax is a Non-Excluded Tax or Other Taxes, then the amount payable by the Company to the Credit Party shall be increased as necessary so that after such deduction or withholding has been made (including such deductions and withholdings applicable to additional sums payable under this Section) the Credit Party receives an amount that would have received had no such deduction or withholding been made. Whenever any Non-Excluded Taxes or Other Taxes are payable by the Company to a Governmental Authority pursuant to this Section 2.21, as soon as practicable thereafter the Company shall send to the Administrative Agent the original or certified copy of a receipt issued by such Governmental Authority evidencing such payment. (b) In addition, the Company shall timely pay to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with applicable law, or at the option of the Administrative Agent timely reimburse it for the payment of any Other Taxes. (c) The Company shall indemnify each Credit Party, within 10 days after demand therefor, for the full amount of any Non-Excluded Taxes or Other Taxes (including Non-Excluded Taxes or Other Taxes imposed or asserted on or attributable to amounts payable under this Section) payable or paid by such Credit Party or required to be withheld or deducted from a payment to such Credit Party and any reasonable expenses arising therefrom or with respect thereto, whether or not such Non-Excluded Taxes or Other Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or asserted by the relevant Governmental Authority; provided, however, that the Company shall not be obligated to indemnify such Credit Party pursuant to this Section 2.21 in respect of penalties, interest and other liabilities are attributable to the bad faith, gross negligence or willful misconduct of such Credit Party. After a Credit Party learns of the imposition of Non-Excluded Taxes or Other Taxes, such Credit Party will act in good faith to promptly notify the Company of its obligations thereunder. A certificate as to the amount of such payment or liability delivered to the applicable Borrower by a Lender (with a copy to the Administrative Agent), or by the Administrative Agent on its own behalf or on behalf of a Lender, shall be conclusive absent manifest error. (d) Each Lender shall severally indemnify the Administrative Agent, within 10 days after demand therefor, for any Taxes (i) attributable to such Lender (but only to the extent that the Company has not already indemnified the Administrative Agent for such Non-Excluded Taxes or Other Taxes and without limiting the obligation of such Borrower to do so) or (ii) attributable to such Lender s failure to comply with the provisions of Section 10.6(b) relating to the maintenance of a Participant Register, in either case, that are payable or paid by the Administrative Agent in connection with any Loan Document, and any reasonable expenses arising therefrom or with respect thereto, whether or not such Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or asserted by the relevant Governmental Authority. A certificate as to the amount of such payment or liability delivered to any Lender by the Administrative Agent shall be conclusive absent manifest error. Each Lender hereby authorizes the Administrative Agent to set off and apply any and all amounts at any time owing to such Lender under any Loan Document or otherwise payable by the Administrative Agent to the Lender from any other source against any amount due to the Administrative Agent under this paragraph (d). (e) If the Administrative Agent or any Lender is entitled to an exemption from or reduction of withholding Tax with respect to payments made under any Loan Document, such Administrative Agent or Lender shall deliver to the Company and the Administrative Agent at the time or times prescribed by applicable law or reasonably requested by the Company or the Administrative Agent, such properly completed and executed documentation prescribed by applicable law or reasonably requested by the Company or the Administrative Agent as will permit such payments to be made without withholding or at a reduced rate of withholding. In addition, any Lender, if reasonably requested by the Company or the Administrative Agent, shall deliver such other documentation prescribed by applicable law or 91 4877-1242-0416 

reasonably requested by the Company or the Administrative Agent as will enable the Company or the Administrative Agent to determine whether or not such Lender is subject to backup withholding or information reporting requirements. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the preceding two sentences, the completion, execution and submission of such documentation (other than such documentation set forth in Section 2.21(f)) shall not be required if in the Lender s reasonable judgment such completion, execution or submission would subject such Lender to any material unreimbursed cost or expense or would materially prejudice the legal or commercial position of such Lender. (f) Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, (i) Each Lender (or Transferee) that is a United States person as defined in Section 7701(a)(30) of the Code (a U.S. Person shall deliver to the Company and the Administrative Agent, on or prior to the date on which such Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Company or the Administrative Agent), a properly completed and duly signed copy of U.S. Internal Revenue Service Form W-9 (or any successor form) certifying that such Lender is exempt from U.S. federal backup withholding tax. (ii) Each Lender (or Transferee) that is not a U.S. Person (a Non-U.S. Lender shall, to the extent it is legally entitled to do so, deliver to the Company and the Administrative Agent on or prior to the date on which such Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Company or the Administrative Agent.): (A) in the case of a Non-U.S. Lender claiming the benefits of an income tax treaty to which the United States is a party (x) with respect to payments of interest under any Loan Document, a properly completed and duly signed copy of IRS Form W- 8BEN or IRS Form W-8BEN-E establishing an exemption from, or reduction of, U.S. federal withholding Tax pursuant to the interest article of such tax treaty and (y) with respect to any other applicable payments under any Loan Document, two completed and duly signed copies of IRS Form W-8BEN or IRS Form W-8BEN-E establishing an exemption from, or reduction of, U.S. federal withholding Tax pursuant to the business profits or other income article of such tax treaty; (B) in case of a Non-U.S. Lender claiming that its extension of credit will generate U.S. effectively connected income, a properly completed and duly signed copy of IRS Form W-8ECI; (C) in the case of a Non-U.S. Lender claiming the benefits of the exemption for portfolio interest under Section 881(c) of the Code, (x) a certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit F-1 to the effect that such Non-U.S. Lender is not a bank within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, a 10 percent shareholder of the Company within the meaning of Section 871(h)(3)(B) of the Code, or a CFC related to the Company as described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code and that the income is not effectively connected income (a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate and (y) a properly completed and executed copy of IRS Form W-8BEN or IRS Form W-8BEN-E; or (D) to the extent a Non-U.S. Lender is not the beneficial owner, a properly completed and executed copy of IRS Form W-8IMY, accompanied by a properly completed and executed copy of IRS Form W-8ECI, IRS Form W-8BEN, IRS Form W-8BEN-E, a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit F-2 92 4877-1242-0416 

or F-3, IRS Form W-9, and/or other certification documents from each beneficial owner, as applicable; provided that if the Non-U.S. Lender is a partnership and one or more direct or indirect partners of such Non-U.S. Lender are claiming the portfolio interest exemption, such Non-U.S. Lender may provide a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit F-4 on behalf of each such direct and indirect partner. (iii) Any Non-U.S. Lender shall, to the extent it is legally entitled to do so, deliver to the Company and the Administrative Agent on or about the date on which such Non-U.S. Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Company or the Administrative Agent), a completed and duly signed copy of any other form prescribed by applicable law as a basis for claiming exemption from or a reduction in U.S. federal withholding Tax, duly completed, together with such supplementary documentation as may be prescribed by applicable law to permit the Company or the Administrative Agent to determine the withholding or deduction required to be made; (iv) If a payment made to a Lender under any Loan Document would be subject to U.S. federal withholding Tax imposed by FATCA if such Lender were to fail to comply with the applicable reporting requirements of FATCA (including those contained in Section 1471(b) or 1472(b) of the Code, as applicable), such Lender shall deliver to the Company and the Administrative Agent, at the time or times prescribed by law and at such time or times reasonably requested by the Company or the Administrative Agent, such documentation prescribed by applicable law (including as prescribed by Section 1471(b)(3)(C)(i) of the Code) and such additional documentation reasonably requested by the Company or the Administrative Agent as may be necessary for the Company and the Administrative Agent to comply with their obligations under FATCA, to determine that such Lender has complied with such Lender s obligations under FATCA or to determine the amount, if any, to deduct and withhold from such payment; and (v) The Administrative Agent shall deliver to the Company an executed copy of whichever of the following is applicable: (A) if the Administrative Agent is a U.S. Person, IRS Form W-9 certifying to such Administrative Agent' s exemption from U.S. federal backup withholding; or (B) if the Administrative Agent is not a U.S. Person, (x) IRS Form W-8ECI with respect to payments received for its own account; and (y) IRS Form W-8IMY with respect to any amounts payable to the Administrative Agent for the accounts of others, clarifying that it is a U.S. branch of a foreign bank or insurance company described in Regulations section 1.1441-1(b)(2)(iv)(A) that is a participating foreign financial institution or PFFI (including a reporting Model 2 FFI), registered deemed-compliant FFI (including a reporting Model 1 FFI), or non-financial foreign entity that is using this form as evidence of its agreement with the withholding agent to be treated as a U.S. Person with respect to any payments associated with this withholding certificate. (g) The Administrative Agent and each Lender agree that if any form or certification it previously delivered expires or becomes obsolete or inaccurate in any respect, it shall update such form or certification or promptly notify the Company and the Administrative Agent in writing of its legal inability to do so. 93 4877-1242-0416 

(h) If any party determines, in its sole discretion exercised in good faith, that it has received a refund of any Taxes as to which it has been indemnified pursuant to this Section 2.21 (including by the payment of additional amounts pursuant to this Section 2.21), it shall pay to the indemnifying party an amount equal to such refund (but only to the extent of indemnity payments made under this Section with respect to the Taxes giving rise to such refund), net of all out-of-pocket expenses (including Taxes) of such indemnified party and without interest (other than any interest paid by the relevant Governmental Authority with respect to such refund). Such indemnifying party, upon the request of such indemnified party, shall repay to such indemnified party the amount paid over pursuant to this Section 2.21(h) (plus any penalties, interest or other charges imposed by the relevant Governmental Authority) in the event that such indemnified party is required to repay such refund to such Governmental Authority. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section 2.21(h), in no event will the indemnified party be required to pay any amount to an indemnifying party pursuant to this Section 2.21(h) the payment of which would place the indemnified party in a less favorable net after-Tax position than the indemnified party would have been in if the Tax subject to indemnification and giving rise to such refund had not been deducted, withheld or otherwise imposed and the indemnification payments or additional amounts with respect to such Tax had never been paid. This Section 2.21(h) shall not be construed to require any indemnified party to make available its Tax returns (or any other information relating to its Taxes that it deems confidential) to the indemnifying party or any other Person. (i) For purposes of this Section 2.21, the term Lender includes any Issuing Lender and the term applicable law includes FATCA. (j) Each party s obligations under this Section shall survive the resignation or replacement of the Administrative Agent or any assignment or rights by, or the replacement of, a Lender, the termination of the Commitments and the repayment, satisfaction or discharge of all obligations under any Loan Document. (k) Each Lender confirms on the date of this Agreement or on the date it accedes to this Agreement that it is a Swiss Qualifying Bank or counts as (only) one Swiss Permitted Non-Qualifying Bank, respectively. 2.22. Indemnity. (a) With respect to Loans that are not RFR Loans, each Borrower agrees to indemnify each Lender and to hold each Lender harmless from any loss or expense that such Lender may sustain or incur as a consequence of (a) default by such Borrower in making a borrowing of, conversion into or continuation of Term Benchmark Loans or CDOR Loans after such Borrower has given a notice requesting the same in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement, (b) default by such Borrower in making any prepayment of or conversion from Term Benchmark Loans or CDOR Loans after such Borrower has given a notice thereof in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement or (c) the making of a payment of Term Benchmark Loans or CDOR Loans (including pursuant to Sections 2.24 or 10.1(c)) on a day that is not the last day of an Interest Period with respect thereto. Such indemnification, which shall be payable within 30 days of written demand therefor, may include an amount equal to the excess, if any, of (i) the amount of interest that would have accrued on the amount so prepaid or returned, or not so borrowed, converted or continued, for the period from the date of such prepayment or return or of such failure to borrow, convert or continue to the last day of such Interest Period (or, in the case of a failure to borrow, convert or continue, the Interest Period that would have commenced on the date of such failure) in each case at the applicable rate of interest for such Loans provided for herein (excluding, however, the Applicable Margin included therein, if any) over (ii) the amount of interest (as reasonably determined by such Lender) that would have accrued to such Lender on such amount by placing such amount on deposit for a comparable period with leading banks in the interbank eurodollar market or other 94 4877-1242-0416 

applicable interbank market. A certificate as to any amounts payable pursuant to this Section submitted to the Company by any Lender shall be conclusive absent manifest error. This covenant shall survive the termination of this Agreement and the payment of the Loans and all other amounts payable hereunder. (b) With respect to RFR Loans, each Borrower agrees to indemnify each Lender and to hold each Lender harmless from any loss or expense that such Lender may sustain or incur as a consequence of (a) the payment of any principal of any RFR Loan other than on the Interest Payment Date applicable thereto (including as a result of an Event of Default or an optional or mandatory prepayment of Loans), (b) default by such Borrower in making a borrowing of RFR Loans after such Borrower has given a notice requesting the same in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement or (c) default by such Borrower in making any prepayment RFR Loans after such Borrower has given a notice thereof in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement. Such indemnification, which shall be payable within 30 days of written demand therefor. A certificate as to any amounts payable pursuant to this Section submitted to the Company by any Lender shall be conclusive absent manifest error. This covenant shall survive the termination of this Agreement and the payment of the Loans and all other amounts payable hereunder. 2.23. Change of Lending Office. Each Lender agrees that, upon the occurrence of any event giving rise to the operation of Sections 2.20 or 2.21 with respect to such Lender, it will, if requested by the Company, use reasonable efforts (subject to overall policy considerations of such Lender) to designate another lending office for any Loans affected by such event with the object of avoiding the consequences of such event; provided, that such designation is made on terms that, in the good faith judgment of such Lender, (i) would eliminate or reduce the amounts payable pursuant to Section 2.20 or Section 2.21, as the case may be, in the future, (ii) would not subject such Lender to (A) any unreimbursed cost or expense or (B) significant investment of time or effort and (iii) would not otherwise be materially disadvantageous to such Lender, and provided, further, that nothing in this Section shall affect or postpone any of the obligations of any Borrower or the rights of any Lender pursuant to Section 2.20 or 2.21. The Company hereby agrees to pay all reasonable costs and expenses incurred by any Lender in connection with any such designation. 2.24. Replacement of Lenders. The Company shall be permitted, at its sole expense and effort, with respect to any Lender that (a) requests reimbursement for amounts owing pursuant to Section 2.20 or Section 2.21, (b) has become a Defaulting Lender or an Objecting Lender hereunder or, pursuant to Section 2.20(f), is unable to make any particular type of Loans or (c) in connection with any proposed amendment, waiver or consent requiring the consent of each Lender or each Lender directly affected thereby (or any other Class or group of Lenders other than the Required Lenders or Required Revolving Lenders) with respect to which Required Lender or Required Revolving Lender consent, as applicable (or the consent of Lenders holding loans or commitments of such Class or lesser group representing more than 50.0 of the sum of the total loans and unused commitments of such Class or lesser group at such time) has been obtained, as applicable, is a non-consenting Lender (each such Lender, a Non-Consenting Lender (1) to replace such Lender, with a replacement financial institution; provided that (i) the replacement financial institution shall purchase, at par, all Loans and other amounts owing to such replaced Lender on or prior to the date of replacement, (ii) the applicable Borrower shall be liable to such replaced Lender under Section 2.22 for any losses suffered or expenses incurred by such Lender if any Term Benchmark Loan or CDOR Loan owing to such replaced Lender shall be purchased other than on the last day of the Interest Period relating thereto, (iii) the replacement financial institution, if not already a Lender, shall be reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent to the extent such consent is required pursuant to Section 10.6, (iv) the replaced Lender shall be obligated to make such replacement in accordance with the provisions of Section 10.6 (provided that the applicable Borrower shall be obligated to pay the registration and processing fee referred to therein) or pursuant to other procedures agreed upon by the Company and the Administrative Agent including deemed assignments 95 4877-1242-0416 

upon payment to the replaced Lender of amounts required to be paid to it pursuant to this Section 2.24, (v) until such time as such replacement shall be consummated, the applicable Borrower shall pay all additional amounts (if any) required pursuant to Section 2.20 or 2.21, as the case may be, and (vi) any such replacement shall not be deemed to be a waiver of any rights that any Borrower, the Administrative Agent or any other Lender shall have against the replaced Lender or (2) terminate the Commitment of such Lender and (a) in the case of a Lender (other than an Issuing Lender), repay all Obligations of the Borrowers owing to such Lender relating to the applicable Loans, Commitments and participations held by such Lender as of such termination date, and (b) in the case of an Issuing Lender, repay all Obligations of the Borrowers owing to such Issuing Lender relating to the applicable Loans and participations held by the Issuing Lender as of such termination date and cancel or backstop on terms satisfactory to such L/C Issuer any Letters of Credit issued by it. No action by or consent of any Lender referred to in this Section 2.24, including any Objecting Lender, Defaulting Lender or Non-Consenting Lender shall be necessary in connection with such assignment, which shall be immediately and automatically effective upon payment of the amounts described in the immediately preceding sentence. 2.25. Foreign Currency Exchange Rate. (a) No later than 12:00 Noon, London time, on each Calculation Date with respect to a Foreign Currency, the Administrative Agent shall determine the Exchange Rate as of such Calculation Date with respect to such Foreign Currency; provided that, upon receipt of a borrowing request for Foreign Currency Revolving Loans, the Administrative Agent shall determine the Exchange Rate with respect to the relevant Foreign Currency on the related Calculation Date (it being acknowledged and agreed that the Administrative Agent shall use such Exchange Rate solely for the purposes of determining compliance with Section 2.6 with respect to such borrowing request). The Exchange Rates so determined shall become effective on the relevant Calculation Date (a Reset Date ), shall remain effective until the next succeeding Reset Date and shall for all purposes of this Agreement (other than Section 2.20(f), 10.21 and any other provision expressly requiring the use of a current Exchange Rate) be the Exchange Rates employed in converting any amounts between U.S. Dollars and Foreign Currencies. (b) No later than 5:00 p.m., London time, on each Reset Date, the Administrative Agent shall determine the aggregate amount of the Dollar Equivalents of the principal amounts of the relevant Foreign Currency Revolving Loans then outstanding (after giving effect to any Foreign Currency Revolving Loans to be made or repaid on such date). (c) The Administrative Agent shall promptly notify the Company and the Lenders of each determination of an Exchange Rate hereunder. 2.26. Extension of the Facilities. (a) The Company may at any time and from time to time, request that all or a portion of the Term Loans of a given Class (or series or tranche thereof) (each, an Existing Term Loan Tranche be amended to extend the scheduled maturity date(s) with respect to all or a portion of any principal amount of such Term Loans (any such Term Loans which have been so amended, Extended Term Loans and to provide for other terms applicable thereto consistent with this Section 2.26. In order to establish any Extended Term Loans, the Company shall provide a notice to the Administrative Agent (who shall provide a copy of such notice to each of the Lenders under the applicable Existing Term Loan Tranche) (each, a Term Loan Extension Request setting forth the proposed terms of the Extended Term Loans to be established, which shall (x) be identical as offered to each Lender under such Existing Term Loan Tranche (including as to the proposed interest rates and fees payable) and offered pro rata to each Lender under such Existing Term Loan Tranche and (y) be identical to the Term Loans under the Existing Term Loan Tranche from which such Extended Term Loans are to be amended, except that: (i) all or any of the scheduled amortization payments of principal of the Extended Term Loans may be delayed to later dates than the scheduled amortization payments of principal of the Term Loans of such Existing Term Loan Tranche, to the extent provided in the 96 4877-1242-0416 

applicable Extension Amendment; (ii) the All-in Yield with respect to the Extended Term Loans may be different than the All-in Yield for the Term Loans of such Existing Term Loan Tranche, in each case, to the extent provided in the applicable Extension Amendment; (iii) the Extension Amendment may provide for other covenants and terms that apply solely to any period after the Latest Maturity Date that is in effect on the effective date of the Extension Amendment; and (iv) the Extended Term Loans may have prepayment premiums or call protection as may be agreed by the Company and the Lenders thereof; provided that that (A) in no event shall the final maturity date of any Extended Term Loans of a given Term Loan Extension Series at the time of establishment thereof be earlier than the maturity date of the applicable Existing Term Loan Tranche, (B) the Weighted Average Life to Maturity of any Extended Term Loans of a given Term Loan Extension Series at the time of establishment thereof shall be no shorter than the remaining Weighted Average Life to Maturity of the applicable Existing Term Loan Tranche, (C) all documentation in respect of such Extension Amendment shall be consistent with the foregoing and (D) any Extended Term Loans may participate on a pro rata basis or less than a pro rata basis (but not greater than a pro rata basis) in any mandatory repayments or prepayments hereunder, in each case as specified in the respective Term Loan Extension Request. Any Class of Extended Term Loans amended pursuant to any Term Loan Extension Request shall be designated a series (each, a Term Loan Extension Series of Extended Term Loans for all purposes of this Agreement; provided that any Extended Term Loans amended from an Existing Term Loan Tranche may, to the extent provided in the applicable Extension Amendment, be designated as an increase in any previously established Term Loan Extension Series with respect to such Existing Term Loan Tranche. Each Term Loan Extension Series of Extended Term Loans incurred under this Section 2.26 shall be in an aggregate principal amount that is not less than 20,000,000 (or such lesser amount as to which the Administrative Agent may agree). (b) The Company may at any time and from time to time, in its sole discretion, request that all or a portion of the Revolving Commitments or commitments in respect of an Incremental Revolving Facility Incremental Revolving Commitments of a given Class (or series or tranche thereof) (each, an Existing Revolver Tranche be amended to extend the maturity date with respect to all or a portion of any principal amount of such Revolving Commitments or Incremental Revolving Commitments (any such Revolving Commitments or Incremental Revolving Commitments which have been so amended, Extended Revolving Commitments and to provide for other terms consistent with this Section 2.26. In order to establish any Extended Revolving Commitments, the Company shall provide a notice to the Administrative Agent (who shall provide a copy of such notice to each of the Lenders under the applicable Existing Revolver Tranche) (each, a Revolver Extension Request and together with a Term Loan Extension Request, an Extension Request setting forth the proposed terms of the Extended Revolving Commitments to be established, which shall (x) be identical as offered to each Lender under such Existing Revolver Tranche (including as to the proposed interest rates and fees payable) and offered pro rata to each Lender under such Existing Revolver Tranche and (y) be identical to the Revolving Commitments under the Existing Revolver Tranche from which such Extended Revolving Commitments are to be amended, except that: (i) the maturity date of the Extended Revolving Commitments may be delayed to a later date than the maturity date of the Revolving Commitments of such Existing Revolver Tranche, to the extent provided in the applicable Extension Amendment; (ii) the All-in Yield with respect to extensions of credit under the Extended Revolving Commitments (whether in the form of interest rate margin, upfront fees, commitment fees, OID or otherwise) may be different than the All-in Yield for extensions of credit under the Revolving Commitments of such Existing Revolver Tranche, in each case, to the extent provided in the applicable Extension Amendment; (iii) the Extension Amendment may provide for other covenants and terms that apply solely to any period after the Latest Maturity Date that is in effect on the effective date of the Extension Amendment; and (iv) all borrowings under the applicable Revolving Commitments (i.e., the Existing Revolver Tranche and the Extended Revolving Commitments of the applicable Revolver Extension Series) and repayments thereunder shall be made on a pro rata basis (except for (I) payments of interest and fees at different rates on Extended Revolving 97 4877-1242-0416 

Commitments (and related outstandings) and (II) repayments required upon the maturity date of the non-extending Revolving Commitments); provided, further, that all documentation in respect of such Extension Amendment shall be consistent with the foregoing. Any Extended Revolving Commitments amended pursuant to any Revolver Extension Request shall be designated a series (each, a Revolver Extension Series (and together with a Term Loan Extension Series, any Extension Series )) of Extended Revolving Commitments for all purposes of this Agreement; provided that any Extended Revolving Commitments amended from an Existing Revolver Tranche may, to the extent provided in the applicable Extension Amendment, be designated as an increase in any previously established Revolver Extension Series with respect to such Existing Revolver Tranche. Each Revolver Extension Series of Extended Revolving Commitments incurred under this Section 2.26 shall be in an aggregate principal amount that is not less than 10,000,000 (or such lesser amount as to which the Administrative Agent may agree). (c) The Company shall provide the applicable Extension Request at least three (3) Business Days (or such shorter period as may be agreed by the Administrative Agent) prior to the date on which Lenders under the Existing Term Loan Tranche or Existing Revolver Tranche, as applicable, are requested to respond, and shall agree to such procedures, if any, as may be established by, or acceptable to, the Administrative Agent, in each case acting reasonably to accomplish the purposes of this Section 2.26. No Lender shall have any obligation to agree to have any of its Term Loans of any Existing Term Loan Tranche amended into Extended Term Loans or any of its Revolving Commitments amended into Extended Revolving Commitments, as applicable, pursuant to any Extension Request. Any Lender holding a Loan under an Existing Term Loan Tranche (each, an Extending Term Lender wishing to have all or a portion of its Term Loans under the Existing Term Loan Tranche subject to such Extension Request amended into Extended Term Loans and any Revolving Lender (each, an Extending Revolving Lender wishing to have all or a portion of its Revolving Commitments under the Existing Revolver Tranche subject to such Extension Request amended into Extended Revolving Commitments, as applicable, shall notify the Administrative Agent (each, an Extension Election on or prior to the date specified in such Extension Request of the amount of its Term Loans under the Existing Term Loan Tranche or Revolving Commitments under the Existing Revolver Tranche, as applicable, which it has elected to request be amended into Extended Term Loans or Extended Revolving Commitments, as applicable (subject to any minimum denomination requirements imposed by the Administrative Agent). In the event that the aggregate principal amount of Term Loans under the Existing Term Loan Tranche or Revolving Commitments under the Existing Revolver Tranche, as applicable, in respect of which applicable Term Lenders or Revolving Lenders, as the case may be, shall have accepted the relevant Extension Request exceeds the amount of Extended Term Loans or Extended Revolving Commitments, as applicable, requested to be extended pursuant to the Extension Request, Term Loans or Revolving Commitments, as applicable, subject to Extension Elections shall be amended to Extended Term Loans or Revolving Commitments, as applicable, on a pro rata basis (subject to rounding by the Administrative Agent, which shall be conclusive absent manifest error) based on the aggregate principal amount of Term Loans or Revolving Commitments, as applicable, included in each such Extension Election. (d) Extended Term Loans and Extended Revolving Commitments shall be established pursuant to an amendment (each, an Extension Amendment to this Agreement among the Company, the Administrative Agent and each Extending Term Lender or Extending Revolving Lender, as applicable, providing an Extended Term Loan or Extended Revolving Commitment, as applicable, thereunder, which shall be consistent with the provisions set forth in Sections 2.26(a) or (b)above, respectively (but which shall not require the consent of any other Lender). The effectiveness of any Extension Amendment shall be subject to the satisfaction on the date thereof of each of the conditions set forth in Section 5.2 and, to the extent reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent, receipt by the Administrative Agent of reaffirmation agreements and/or such amendments to the CollateralSecurity Documents as may be reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent in order to ensure that the 98 4877-1242-0416 

Extended Term Loans or Extended Revolving Commitments, as applicable, are provided with the benefit of the applicable Loan Documents. The Company may, at its election, specify as a condition to consummating any Extension Amendment that a minimum amount (to be determined and specified in the relevant Extension Request in the Company s sole discretion and as may be waived by the Company) of Term Loans, Revolving Commitments or Incremental Revolving Commitments (as applicable) of any or all applicable Classes be tendered. The Administrative Agent shall promptly notify each Lender as to the effectiveness of each Extension Amendment. Each of the parties hereto hereby agrees that this Agreement and the other Loan Documents may be amended pursuant to an Extension Amendment, without the consent of any other Lenders, to the extent (but only to the extent) necessary to (i) reflect the existence and terms of the Extended Term Loans or Extended Revolving Commitments, as applicable, incurred pursuant thereto, (ii) modify the scheduled repayments set forth in Section 2.5 with respect to any Existing Term Loan Tranche subject to an Extension Election to reflect a reduction in the principal amount of the Term Loans thereunder in an amount equal to the aggregate principal amount of the Extended Term Loans amended pursuant to the applicable Extension Election (with such amount to be applied ratably to reduce scheduled repayments of such Term Loans required pursuant to Section 2.5), (iii) modify the prepayments set forth in Section 2.5 to reflect the existence of the Extended Term Loans and the application of prepayments with respect thereto, (iv) make such other changes to this Agreement and the other Loan Documents consistent with the provisions and intent of Section 10.1 (without the consent of the Required Lenders called for therein) and (v) effect such other amendments to this Agreement and the other Loan Documents as may be necessary or appropriate, in the reasonable opinion of the Administrative Agent and the Company, to effect the provisions of this Section 2.26, and the Required Lenders hereby expressly authorize the Administrative Agent to enter into any such Extension Amendment. (e) No extension of Loans pursuant to any Extension Election in accordance with this Section 2.26 shall constitute a voluntary or mandatory payment or prepayment for purposes of this Agreement. (f) This Section 2.26 shall supersede any provisions in Section 2.19 or 10.1 to the contrary. 2.27. Incremental Loan Extensions. (a) The Company may, at any time, on one or more occasions pursuant to an Incremental Facility Amendment (i) add one or more new Classes of term facilities (which may be additional Tranche A Term Loans or term b loans) and/or increase the principal amount of any Term Loans of any existing Class by requesting new term loan commitments to be added to such Loans (any such new Class or increase, an Incremental Term Facility and any loans made pursuant to an Incremental Term Facility, Incremental Term Loans and/or (ii) add one or more new Classes of revolving commitments and/or increase the aggregate amount of the Revolving Commitments of any existing Class (any such new Class or increase, an Incremental Revolving Facility and, together with any Incremental Term Facility, Incremental Facilities , or either or any thereof, an Incremental Facility and the loans thereunder, Incremental Revolving Loans and, together with any Incremental Term Loans, Incremental Loans in an aggregate outstanding principal amount not to exceed the Incremental Cap; provided that: (i) no commitments in respect of Incremental Loans Incremental Commitment in respect of any Incremental Term Facility may be in an amount that is less than 10,000,000 (or such lesser amount to which the Administrative Agent may reasonably agree), (ii) except as separately agreed from time to time between the Company and any Lender, no Lender shall be obligated to provide any Incremental Commitment, and the determination to provide such commitments shall be within the sole and absolute discretion of 99 4877-1242-0416 

such Lender (it being agreed that the Company shall not be obligated to offer the opportunity to any Lender to participate in any Incremental Facility), (iii) no Incremental Facility or Incremental Loan (nor the creation, provision or implementation thereof) shall require the approval of any existing Lender other than in its capacity, if any, as a lender providing all or part of such Incremental Facility or Incremental Loan, (iv) [reserved]; (v) the All-in-YieldAll-in Yield applicable to any Incremental Facility shall be determined by the Company and the lender or lenders providing such Incremental Facility, (vi) the final maturity date of any Incremental Term Facility shall be no earlier than the Latest Maturity Date in respect of the Tranche A Term Facility and any other Incremental Term Facility then outstanding, and Incremental Term Facilities consisting of a tranche A term facility (i.e., a term loan facility having amortization, tenor and other terms customary for the term loan A market) may have different mandatory prepayments from the Tranche A Term Facility so long as such prepayments are added for the benefit of the Tranche A Term Facility and the Tranche A Term Facility participates on a ratable basis in such prepayments; provided, that the foregoing limitation shall not apply to a customary bridge facility which, subject to customary conditions, automatically convert into long-term debt satisfying the requirements of this clause (vi), (vii) the Weighted Average Life to Maturity of any Incremental Term Facility shall be no shorter than the remaining Weighted Average Life to Maturity of the Tranche A Term Facility; provided, that the foregoing limitation shall not apply to a customary bridge facility which, subject to customary conditions, automatically convert into long-term debt satisfying the requirements of this clause (vii); provided, further, that the foregoing shall not apply to the extent the Weighted Average Life to Maturity of any Incremental Term Facility is shorter than the Weighted Average Life to Maturity of the Tranche A Term Facility solely to the extent necessary to make such Incremental Term Facility fungible with the Tranche A Term Facility, (viii) subject to clauses (vi) and (vii) above, any Incremental Term Facility may otherwise have an amortization schedule as determined by the Company and the lenders providing such Incremental Term Facility, (ix) subject to clause (v) above, to the extent applicable, the fees payable in connection with any Incremental Facility shall be determined by the Company and the arrangers and/or lenders providing such Incremental Facility, (x) (A) each Incremental Facility shall rank pari passu (but without regard to the control of remedies) with the initial Term Loans (in the case of any Incremental Term Facility) and pari passu (but without regard to the control of remedies) with the initial Revolving Loans (in the case of Incremental Revolving Loans), in each case in right of payment and security and (B) no Incremental Facility may be (x) guaranteed by any Subsidiaries other than Subsidiaries that are Guarantors or (y) secured by Liens on any assets other than the Collateral, (xi) any Incremental Term Facility may provide for the ability to participate (A) a pro rata basis or non-pro rata basis in any voluntary prepayment of Term Loans, in each case, made pursuant to Section 2.12 and (B) on a pro rata or less than pro rata basis (but not on a greater than 100 4877-1242-0416 

pro rata basis, other than in the case of prepayment with proceeds of Indebtedness refinancing such Incremental Term Loans) in any mandatory prepayment of Term Loans required pursuant to Section 2.13(b), (xii) no Event of Default shall exist immediately prior to or after giving effect to the effectiveness of such Incremental Facility (except in connection with any Limited Condition Transaction, where solely to the extent required by the Lenders providing such Incremental Facility, no such Event of Default shall exist at the time as elected by the Company pursuant to Section 1.4(d)), (xiii) after giving effect to such Incremental Facility, the condition set forth in Section 5.2(a) shall be satisfied (except in connection with any Limited Condition Transaction, where solely to the extent required by the Lenders providing such Incremental Facility, the condition set forth in Section 5.2(a) shall be satisfied at the time as elected by the Company pursuant to Section 1.4(d)), (xiv) except as otherwise required or permitted in clauses (i) through (xi) above, all other terms of any Incremental Facility shall be as agreed between the Company and the Lenders providing such Incremental Facility; provided to the extent such terms are not consistent with the terms in respect of the applicable Facility, they shall be not materially more restrictive (as determined by the Company in good faith), when taken as a whole, than those under such applicable Facility (except for covenants or other provisions (w) that reflect market terms and conditions (taken as a whole) at the time of incurrence (as determined by the Company in good faith), (x) applicable only to periods after the maturity date of such applicable Facility, (y) that are also added for the benefit of each applicable Facility or (z) that are reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent (provided that, in the case of each of clauses (w), (y) and (z), if any financial maintenance covenant for the benefit of any Incremental Facility is added or is more restrictive than the financial maintenance covenants then applicable to any then-existing Tranche A Term Facility or Revolving Facility, such financial maintenance covenants shall be applied to any then-existing Tranche A Term Facility and Revolving Facility)), (xv) the proceeds of any Incremental Facility may be used for working capital, Capital Expenditures and other general corporate purposes of the applicable Borrowers and their subsidiaries (including permitted Restricted Payments, Investments, permitted acquisitions, Restricted Debt Payments) and any other purpose not prohibited by the terms of the Loan Documents, and (xvi) on the date of the making of any Incremental Term Loans that will be added to any Class of then existing Term Loans, and notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in Sections 2.16, such Incremental Term Loans shall be added to (and constitute a part of, be of the same Type as and, at the election of the Company, have the same Interest Period as) each borrowing of outstanding Term Loans of such Class on a pro rata basis (based on the relative sizes of such borrowings), so that each Term Lender providing such Incremental Term Loans will participate proportionately in each then-outstanding borrowing of Term Loans of such Class; it being acknowledged that the application of this clause may result in new Incremental Term Loans having Interest Periods (the duration of which may be less than one month) that begin during an Interest Period then applicable to outstanding Term Benchmark Loans of the relevant Class and which end on the last day of such Interest Period. (b) Incremental Commitments may be provided by any existing Lender or by any other Assignee (any such other Assignee being called an Additional Lender provided that the 101 4877-1242-0416 

Administrative Agent (and, in the case of any Incremental Revolving Facility, the Swingline Lender and any Issuing Lender) shall have consented (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed) to the relevant Additional Lender s provision of Incremental Commitments if such consent would be required under Section 10.6(c) for an assignment of Loans to such Additional Lender. (c) Each Lender or Additional Lender providing a portion of any Incremental Commitment shall execute and deliver to the Administrative Agent and the Company all such documentation (including the relevant Incremental Facility Amendment) as may be reasonably required by the Administrative Agent to evidence and effectuate such Incremental Commitment. On the effective date of such Incremental Commitment, each Additional Lender shall become a Lender for all purposes in connection with this Agreement. (d) As a condition precedent to the effectiveness of any Incremental Facility or the making of any Incremental Loans, (i) upon its request, the Administrative Agent shall have received reaffirmation agreements, supplements and/or amendments as it shall reasonably require, (ii) the Administrative Agent shall have received, from each Additional Lender, an administrative questionnaire in the form provided to such Additional Lender by the Administrative Agent (the Administrative Questionnaire and such other documents as it shall reasonably require from such Additional Lender and (iii) the Administrative Agent and applicable Additional Lenders shall have received all fees required to be paid in respect of such Incremental Facility or Incremental Loans. (e) Upon the implementation of any Incremental Revolving Facility pursuant to this Section 2.27: (i) if such Incremental Revolving Facility establishes Revolving Commitments of the same Class as any then-existing Class of Revolving Commitments, (i) each Revolving Lender immediately prior to such increase will automatically and without further act be deemed to have assigned to each relevant Lender under such Incremental Revolving Facility, and each relevant Lender under such Incremental Revolving Facility will automatically and without further act be deemed to have assumed a portion of such Revolving Lender s participations hereunder in outstanding Letters of Credit and Swingline Loans such that, after giving effect to each deemed assignment and assumption of participations, all of the Revolving Lenders (including each Lender s under such Incremental Revolving Facility) (A) participations hereunder in Letters of Credit and (B) participations hereunder in Swingline Loans shall be held on a pro rata basis on the basis of their respective Revolving Commitments (after giving effect to any increase in the Revolving Commitment pursuant to this Section 2.27) and (ii) the existing Revolving Lenders of the applicable Class shall assign Revolving Loans to certain other Revolving Lenders of such Class (including the Revolving Lenders providing the relevant Incremental Revolving Facility), and such other Revolving Lenders (including the Revolving Lenders providing the relevant Incremental Revolving Facility) shall purchase such Revolving Loans, in each case to the extent necessary so that all of the Revolving Lenders of such Class participate in each outstanding borrowing of Revolving Loans pro rata on the basis of their respective Revolving Commitments of such Class (after giving effect to any increase in the Revolving Commitment pursuant to this Section 2.27); it being understood and agreed that the minimum borrowing, pro rata borrowing and pro rata payment requirements contained elsewhere in this Agreement shall not apply to the transactions effected pursuant to this clause (i); and (ii) if such Incremental Revolving Facility establishes Revolving Commitments of a new Class, (1) the borrowing and repayment (except for (A) payments of interest and fees at different rates on any Revolving Facility, (B) repayments required upon the maturity date of any Revolving Facility and (C) repayments made in connection with any permanent repayment and 102 4877-1242-0416 

termination of any Revolving Commitments (subject to clause (3) below)) of Incremental Revolving Loans after the effective date of such Incremental Revolving Facility shall be made on a pro rata basis with any then-existing Revolving Facility, (2) all Swingline Loans and/or Letters of Credit made or issued, as applicable, under such Incremental Revolving Facility shall be participated on a pro rata basis by all Revolving Lenders and (3) any permanent repayment of Revolving Loans with respect to, and reduction or termination of Revolving Commitments under, any Revolving Facility after the effective date of any Incremental Revolving Facility shall be made on a pro rata basis or less than pro rata basis with all other Revolving Facilities, except that the applicable Borrowers shall be permitted to permanently repay Revolving Loans and terminate Revolving Commitments of any Revolving Facility on a greater than pro rata basis (I) as compared to any other Revolving Facilities with a later maturity date than such Revolving Facility or (II) with the proceeds of Indebtedness refinancing such Revolving Facility. (f) On the date of effectiveness of any Incremental Revolving Facility, the maximum amount of L/C Exposure and/or Swingline Loans, as applicable, permitted hereunder shall increase by an amount, if any, agreed upon by the Administrative Agent, the Company and the relevant Issuing Lender and/or the Swingline Lender, as applicable. (g) The Lenders hereby irrevocably authorize the Administrative Agent to enter into any Incremental Facility Amendment and/or any amendment to any other Loan Document with the Company and/or the applicable Borrowers as may be necessary in order to establish new or any increase in any Classes or sub-Classes in respect of Loans or commitments pursuant to this Section 2.27 and such technical amendments as may be necessary or appropriate in the reasonable opinion of the Administrative Agent and the Company in connection with the establishment or increase, as applicable, of such Classes or sub-Classes, in each case on terms consistent with this Section 2.27 (including with respect to the appointment of a Subsidiary Guarantor as a Borrower in respect of such Incremental Facility). (h) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section 2.27 (including Section 2.27(d)) or in any other provision of any Loan Document, if the proceeds of any Incremental Facility are intended to be applied to finance an acquisition or other Investment and the lenders providing such Incremental Facility so agree, the availability thereof shall be subject to customary SunGard or certain funds conditionality (including the making and accuracy of customary specified representations in connection with such acquisition or other Investment). (i) This Section 2.27 shall supersede any provision in Section 2.19 or 10.1 to the contrary. 2.28. Defaulting Revolving Lenders. Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to the contrary, if any Revolving Lender becomes a Defaulting Lender, then the following provisions shall apply for so long as such Revolving Lender is a Defaulting Lender: (a) commitment fees shall cease to accrue on the Available Revolving Commitment (if any) of such Defaulting Lender pursuant to Section 2.10(a); (b) if there are any Swingline Loans outstanding or Letters of Credit outstanding at the time such Revolving Lender becomes a Defaulting Lender then: (i) all or any part of such outstanding Swingline Loans or outstanding Letters of Credit shall be reallocated among the Revolving Lenders that are not Defaulting Lenders in accordance with their respective Revolving Percentages but only to the extent the sum of all outstanding Revolving Extensions of Credit of the Revolving Lenders that are not Defaulting Lenders does not exceed the total of all Revolving Commitments of the Revolving Lenders that 103 4877-1242-0416 

are not Defaulting Lenders (for the avoidance of doubt, no Lender shall be required to make Revolving Extensions of Credit in excess of its Revolving Commitment); (ii) if the reallocation described in clause (i) above cannot, or can only partially, be effected, each applicable Borrower shall within one Business Day following notice by the Administrative Agent (x) first, prepay such Defaulting Lender s Revolving Percentage of the outstanding Swingline Loans (after giving effect to any partial reallocation pursuant to clause (i) above) and (y) second, (1) if a drawing is made under any Letter of Credit, such Borrower shall reimburse the applicable Issuing Lender in accordance with Section 3.5 and (2) if a Letter of Credit is requested by such Borrower in accordance with Section 3.2 during any period where there is a Defaulting Lender that is a Revolving Lender, such Borrower shall enter into an arrangement reasonably satisfactory to the applicable Issuing Lender to cover in whole or in part (which such arrangement may include cash collateralization) the exposure of the applicable Issuing Lender related to the participating interests of such Defaulting Lender in such newly issued Letter of Credit (after giving effect to any partial reallocation pursuant to clause (i) above) for so long as such Lender is a Defaulting Lender or until such Lender is replaced pursuant to Section 2.24; (iii) if and so long as a Borrower cash collateralizes any portion of such Defaulting Lender s Revolving Percentage of outstanding Letters of Credit pursuant to clause (ii) above, then such Borrower shall not be required to pay any fees to such Defaulting Lender pursuant to Section 3.3 with respect thereto; (iv) upon any reallocation described in clause (i) above, the fees payable to the Revolving Lenders pursuant to Sections 2.10(a) and 3.3 shall be adjusted accordingly to re-allocate such fees among the Revolving Lenders which are not Defaulting Lenders; and (v) if any such Defaulting Lender s Revolving Percentage of outstanding Letters of Credit is neither cash collateralized nor reallocated pursuant to clause (i) above, then, without prejudice to any rights or remedies of the applicable Issuing Lender or any Lender hereunder, all letter of credit fees payable under Section 3.3 with respect to such Defaulting Lender s Revolving Percentage of outstanding Letters of Credit shall be payable to the relevant Issuing Lender until such cash collateralization and/or reallocation occurs; (c) no Swingline Lender shall be required to fund any Swingline Loan and no Issuing Lender shall be required to issue, amend or increase any Letter of Credit, unless it is reasonably satisfied that the related exposure will be covered in whole or in part by the Revolving Commitments of the Revolving Lenders that are not Defaulting Lenders and/or cash collateral or other arrangements will be provided by each applicable Borrower in accordance with clause (b)(ii) above, and participating interests in any such newly issued or increased Letter of Credit or newly made Swingline Loan shall be (i) allocated among the Revolving Lenders that are not Defaulting Lenders and/or (ii) covered by arrangements made by each applicable Borrower pursuant to clause (b)(ii) above in a manner consistent with clauses (b)(i) and (ii) (and any such Defaulting Lenders shall not participate therein); (d) the Revolving Commitment and Revolving Extensions of Credit of such Defaulting Lender shall not be included in determining whether the Required Lenders or the Majority Facility Lenders under the Revolving Facility have taken or may take any action hereunder (including any consent to any amendment, waiver or other modification pursuant to Section 10.1); provided, that this clause (d) shall not apply in the case of an amendment, waiver or other modification requiring the consent of all Lenders or each Lender affected thereby; and 104 4877-1242-0416 

(e) any amount payable to such Defaulting Lender hereunder (whether on account of principal, interest, fees or otherwise and including any amount that would otherwise be payable to such Defaulting Lender pursuant to Section 10.7 but excluding Section 2.24) shall, in lieu of being distributed to such Defaulting Lender and without duplication, be retained by the Administrative Agent in a segregated interest-bearing account reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and the applicable Borrower(s) and, subject to any applicable requirements of law, be applied at such time or times as may be determined by the Administrative Agent (i) first, to the payment of any amounts owing by such Defaulting Lender to the Administrative Agent hereunder, (ii) second, pro rata, to the payment of any amounts owing by such Defaulting Lender to any Issuing Lender or the Swingline Lender hereunder, (iii) third, if so determined by the Administrative Agent or requested by an Issuing Lender or the Swingline Lender, held in such account as cash collateral for existing or (unless such Defaulting Lender has no remaining unutilized Revolving Commitment) future funding obligations of such Defaulting Lender in respect of any existing or (unless such Defaulting Lender has no remaining unutilized Revolving Commitment) future participation in any Swingline Loan or Letter of Credit, (iv) fourth, to the funding of any Revolving Loan in respect of which such Defaulting Lender has failed to fund its portion thereof as required by this Agreement, as determined by the Administrative Agent, (v) fifth, if so determined by the Administrative Agent and the applicable Borrower(s), unless such Defaulting Lender has no remaining unutilized Revolving Commitment, held in such account as cash collateral for future funding obligations of the Defaulting Lender in respect of any Revolving Loans under this Agreement, (vi) sixth, to the payment of any amounts owing to any Issuing Lender or the Swingline Lender as a result of any judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction obtained by such Issuing Lender or the Swingline Lender against such Defaulting Lender as a result of such Defaulting Lender s breach of its obligations under this Agreement, (vii) seventh, to the payment of any amounts owing to the applicable Borrower(s) as a result of any judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction obtained by such Borrower(s) against such Defaulting Lender as a result of such Defaulting Lender s breach of its obligations under this Agreement, and (viii) eighth, to such Defaulting Lender or as otherwise directed by a court of competent jurisdiction, provided, that, with respect to this clause (viii), if such payment is (A) a prepayment of the principal amount of any Revolving Loans or Reimbursement Obligations as to which a Defaulting Lender has funded its participation and (B) made at a time when the conditions set forth in Section 5.2 are satisfied, such payment shall be applied solely to prepay the Revolving Loans of, and Reimbursement Obligations owed to, all Revolving Lenders that are not Defaulting Lenders under the Revolving Facility pro rata prior to being applied to the prepayment of any Revolving Loans of, or Reimbursement Obligations owed to, any Defaulting Lender. On the Revolving Termination Date, any remaining amounts not previously applied (except for amounts in connection with clause (vii) above) shall be returned to the applicable Defaulting Lender. In the event that the Administrative Agent, the applicable Borrower(s), each Issuing Lender and the Swingline Lender each reasonably determines that any such Defaulting Lender has adequately remedied all matters that caused such Lender to be a Defaulting Lender, then (i) the outstanding Swingline Loans and outstanding Letters of Credit of the Revolving Lenders shall be readjusted to reflect the inclusion of such Lender s Revolving Commitment and on such date such Lender shall purchase at par such of the Revolving Loans of the other Lenders (other than Swingline Loans) as the Administrative Agent shall determine may be necessary in order for such Lender to hold such Loans in accordance with its Revolving Percentage and (ii) any arrangements made by the applicable Borrower(s) pursuant to clause (b)(ii) above shall be terminated and any cash collateral or arrangement provided by such Borrower(s) in accordance thereto will be terminated or promptly returned to such Borrower(s), as applicable. The provisions of this Agreement relating to funding, payment and other matters with respect to the Revolving Facility may be adjusted by the Administrative Agent, with the consent of the Borrowers (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld), to the extent necessary to give effect to the provisions of 105 4877-1242-0416 

this Section 2.28. The provisions of this Section 2.28 may not be amended, supplemented or modified without, in addition to consents required by Section 10.1, the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent, the Swingline Lenders, the Issuing Lenders, the Borrowers and any Defaulting Lenders. Subject to Section 10.20, no reallocation hereunder shall constitute a waiver or release of any claim of any party hereunder against a Defaulting Lender arising from such Lender becoming a Defaulting Lender, including any claim of a non-Defaulting Lender as a result of such non-Defaulting Lender s increased exposure following such reallocation 2.29. Designation of Subsidiary Borrowers. (a) The Company shall be permitted, so long as no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing: (i) to designate any Subsidiary (including any Foreign Subsidiary) of the Company as a Subsidiary Borrower under the Revolving Facility upon (A) 10 Business Days prior written notice to the Lenders (such notice to contain the name, primary business address and taxpayer identification number of such Subsidiary) (a Notice of Designation ), (B) the execution and delivery by the Company, such Subsidiary and the Administrative Agent of a Joinder Agreement, substantially in the form of Exhibit D (a Joinder Agreement ), providing for such Subsidiary to become a Subsidiary Borrower, (C) compliance by the Company and such Subsidiary Borrower with Section 6.9(c), (D) delivery by the Company or such Subsidiary of all documentation and information as is reasonably requested in writing by the Lenders at least three days prior to the anticipated effective date of such designation required by U.S. regulatory authorities under applicable know your customer and anti- money laundering rules and regulations, including the Patriot Act and the Beneficial Ownership Regulation with respect to such Subsidiary, and (E) upon its reasonable request, the delivery to the Administrative Agent of (1) corporate or other applicable resolutions, incorporation or other applicable constituent documents, officer s certificates and legal opinions in respect of such Subsidiary in each case reasonably necessary and equivalent to comparable documents delivered on the Closing Date and (2) such other documents with respect thereto as the Administrative Agent shall reasonably request; and (ii) to remove any Subsidiary as a Subsidiary Borrower upon execution and delivery by the Company to the Administrative Agent of a written notification to such effect and repayment in full of all Loans made to such Subsidiary Borrower, cash collateralization of all L/C Obligations in respect of any Letters of Credit issued for the account of such Subsidiary Borrower and repayment in full of all other amounts owing by such Subsidiary Borrower under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents (it being agreed that any such repayment shall be in accordance with the other terms of this Agreement). (b) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, a Lender shall not be required to make a Loan as part of any borrowing by or to issue or acquire a participation in any Letter of Credit issued for the account of, a Foreign Subsidiary with respect to which the Company has delivered a Notice of Designation (a Proposed Foreign Subsidiary Borrower if the making of such Loan or the issuance by such Lender or the acquisition by such Lender (or, if such Lender is the Issuing Lender, the acquisition by any other Lender) of a participation in, such Letter of Credit would violate any law or regulation (including any violation of any law or regulation due to an absence of licensing) or a pre-existing generally applicable internal policy to which such Lender is subject; provided that the Revolving Lenders as of the Closing Date hereby acknowledge that as of the Closing Date, they are permitted to make Loans to, and issue or acquire a participation in Letters of Credit issued to, any Subsidiary Borrower located in England and Wales, Luxembourg, the Netherlands and the United States that complies with the requirements set forth in Section 2.29(a)(i)(D). As soon as practicable after 106 4877-1242-0416 

receiving a Notice of Designation from the Company in respect of a Proposed Foreign Subsidiary Borrower, and in any event no later than seven Business Days after the date of such Notice of Designation, any Lender that is restricted by any law or regulation (including due to an absence of licensing) to which such Lender is subject from extending credit (including, for the avoidance of doubt, making Loans, issuing Letters of Credit or acquiring participations in Letters of Credit) under this Agreement to such Proposed Foreign Subsidiary Borrower directly or through a Lender Affiliate as set forth in Section 2.29(c) (an Objecting Lender shall so notify the Company and the Administrative Agent in writing. With respect to each Objecting Lender that has not withdrawn such notice, the Company shall, effective on or before the date that such Proposed Foreign Subsidiary Borrower shall have the right to borrow hereunder, either (A) exercise its rights with respect to such Objecting Lender pursuant to Section 2.24 or (B) cancel its request to designate such Proposed Foreign Subsidiary Borrower as a Subsidiary Borrower hereunder. (c) In addition to the foregoing requirements, if the Company shall deliver a Notice of Designation with respect to a Proposed Foreign Subsidiary Borrower, any Lender may, with notice to the Administrative Agent and the Company, fulfill its Commitment by causing a Lender Affiliate to act as the Lender in respect of such Proposed Foreign Subsidiary Borrower. Additionally, (x) such Lender s obligations under this Agreement shall remain unchanged, (y) such Lender shall remain solely responsible to the other parties hereto for the performance of those obligations, and (z) the Company, any other Borrower, the Administrative Agent, the Lenders, the Issuing Lenders and the Swingline Lenders shall continue to deal solely and directly with such Lender in connection with such Lender s rights and obligations under this Agreement. 2.30. Refinancing Facilities. (a) On one or more occasions after the Closing Date, the applicable Borrower may obtain, from any Lender or any other bank, financial institution or other institutional lender or investor (other than an Ineligible Institution) that agrees to provide any portion of Refinancing Term Loans or Other Revolving Commitments pursuant to a Refinancing Amendment in accordance with this Section 2.30 (each, an Additional Refinancing Lender (provided that the Administrative Agent, the Swingline Lender and each Issuing Lender, if applicable, shall have consented (not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed) to such Lender s or Additional Refinancing Lender s providing such Refinancing Term Loans or Other Revolving Commitments to the extent such consent, if any, would be required under Section 10.6(c) for an assignment of Revolving Commitments or Loans to such Lender or Additional Refinancing Lender), Credit Agreement Refinancing Indebtedness in respect of all or any portion of any Class, as selected by the applicable Borrower in its sole discretion, of Term Loans or Revolving Loans (or unused Commitments in respect thereof) then outstanding under this Agreement, in the form of Refinancing Term Loans, Refinancing Term Commitments, Other Revolving Commitments, or Other Revolving Loans; provided that notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section 2.30 or otherwise, (1) the borrowing and repayment (except for (A) payments of interest and fees at different rates on Other Revolving Commitments (and related outstandings), (B) repayments required upon the maturity date of the Other Revolving Commitments and (C) repayment made in connection with a permanent repayment and termination of commitments (subject to clause (3) below)) of Loans with respect to Other Revolving Commitments after the date of obtaining any Other Revolving Commitments shall be made on a pro rata basis with all other Revolving Commitments, (2) subject to the provisions of Section 2.9(e) and Section 3.9 to the extent dealing with Swingline Loans and Letters of Credit which mature or expire after a maturity date when there exist Other Revolving Commitments with a longer maturity date, all Swingline Loans and Letters of Credit shall be participated on a pro rata basis by all Lenders with Commitments in accordance with their percentage of the Commitments in respect of Revolving Loans (and except as provided in Section 2.9(e) and Section 3.9, without giving effect to changes thereto on an earlier maturity date with respect to Swingline Loans and Letters of Credit theretofore incurred or issued), (3) the permanent repayment of Revolving Loans with respect to, and termination of, Other Revolving Commitments after the date of obtaining any Other Revolving 107 4877-1242-0416 

Commitments shall be made on a pro rata basis with all other Revolving Commitments in respect of Revolving Loans, except that the Company shall be permitted to permanently repay and terminate commitments of any such Class on a better than a pro rata basis as compared to any other Class with a later maturity date than such Class and (4) assignments and participations of Other Revolving Commitments and Other Revolving Loans shall be governed by the same assignment and participation provisions applicable to Revolving Commitments and Revolving Loans. (b) The effectiveness of any Refinancing Amendment shall be subject to the satisfaction on the date thereof of each of the conditions set forth in Section 5.2 and, to the extent reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent, receipt by the Administrative Agent of reaffirmation agreements and/or such amendments to the CollateralSecurity Documents as may be reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent in order to ensure that such Credit Agreement Refinancing Indebtedness is provided with the benefit of the applicable Loan Documents. (c) Each issuance of Credit Agreement Refinancing Indebtedness under Section 2.30(a) shall be in an aggregate principal amount that is (x) not less than 10,000,000 and (y) an integral multiple of 1,000,000 in excess thereof. (d) Each of the parties hereto hereby agrees that this Agreement and the other Loan Documents may be amended pursuant to a Refinancing Amendment, without the consent of any other Lenders, to the extent (but only to the extent) necessary to (i) reflect the existence and terms of the Credit Agreement Refinancing Indebtedness incurred pursuant thereto and (ii) make such other changes to this Agreement and the other Loan Documents consistent with the provisions and intent of the third paragraph of Section 10.1 (without the consent of the Required Lenders called for therein) and (iii) effect such other amendments to this Agreement and the other Loan Documents as may be necessary or appropriate, in the reasonable opinion of the Administrative Agent and the Company, to effect the provisions of this Section 2.30, and the Required Lenders hereby expressly authorize the Administrative Agent to enter into any such Refinancing Amendment. (e) This Section 2.30 shall supersede any provisions in Section 2.19 or 10.1 to the contrary. SECTION 3. LETTERS OF CREDIT 3.1. L/C Commitments. (a) Subject to the terms and conditions hereof, each Issuing Lender, in reliance on the agreements of the Revolving Lenders set forth in this Section 3, agrees to issue standby letters of credit Letters of Credit for the account of any Borrower (or for the joint and several account of any Borrower and any Subsidiary) on any Business Day in such form as may be approved from time to time by such Issuing Lender; provided that such Issuing Lender shall have no obligation to issue any Letter of Credit if, after giving effect to such issuance, the then outstanding L/C Obligations of such Issuing Lender would exceed such Issuing Lender s L/C Commitment then in effect; provided further that no Issuing Lender shall issue any Letter of Credit if, after giving effect to such issuance, (i) the aggregate amount of the Available Revolving Commitments would be less than zero or (ii) the aggregate undrawn amount of outstanding Letters of Credit and unpaid Reimbursement Obligations under the Revolving Facility would exceed 75,000,000. Each Letter of Credit shall (i) be denominated in U.S. Dollars or any Foreign Currency and (ii) expire (or be subject to termination by notice from the relevant Issuing Lender to the beneficiary thereof) no later than the earlier of (x) the first anniversary of its date of issuance and (y) the Letter of Credit Expiration Date; provided that any Letter of Credit with a one-year term may provide for the automatic extension thereof for additional one-year periods (each, an Auto-Extension Letter of Credit (which shall in no event extend beyond the Letter of Credit Expiration Date except to the extent cash collateralized or backstopped pursuant to arrangements reasonably acceptable to the relevant Issuing Lender and the applicable Borrower); provided that any 108 4877-1242-0416 

such Auto-Extension Letter of Credit must, if requested by the Issuing Lender, permit the Issuing Lender to prevent any such extension at least once in each twelve-month period (commencing with the date of issuance of such Letter of Credit) by giving prior notice to the beneficiary thereof not later than a day in each such twelve-month period to be agreed upon at the time such Letter of Credit is issued. (b) No Issuing Lender shall at any time be obligated to issue any Letter of Credit hereunder if such issuance would conflict with, or cause such Issuing Lender or any L/C Participant to exceed any limits imposed by, any applicable Requirement of Law or any pre-existing generally applicable internal policies of such Issuing Lender applicable to Letters of Credit issued by such Issuing Lender. (c) On the Closing Date, the Existing Letters of Credit will automatically, without any action on the part of any Person, be deemed to be Letters of Credit issued hereunder on the Closing Date for the account of the Company for all purposes of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents. 3.2. Procedure for Issuance of Letter of Credit. Any Borrower may from time to time request that any Issuing Lender issue a Letter of Credit by delivering to such Issuing Lender at its address for notices specified herein an Application therefor, completed to the satisfaction of such Issuing Lender, and such other certificates, documents and other papers and information as such Issuing Lender may request. Upon receipt of any Application, the relevant Issuing Lender shall promptly issue the Letter of Credit requested thereby (but in no event shall any Issuing Lender be required to issue any Letter of Credit earlier than three Business Days after its receipt of the Application therefor and all such other certificates, documents and other papers and information relating thereto) by issuing the original of such Letter of Credit to the beneficiary thereof or as otherwise may be agreed to by the relevant Issuing Lender and the applicable Borrower. The relevant Issuing Lender shall furnish a copy of such Letter of Credit to the applicable Borrower promptly following the issuance thereof. The relevant Issuing Lender shall promptly furnish to the Administrative Agent, which shall in turn promptly furnish to the Lenders, notice of the issuance of each Letter of Credit (including the amount thereof). 3.3. Fees and Other Charges. (a) Each applicable Borrower will pay a fee on all outstanding Letters of Credit (with respect to any Letters of Credit denominated in a Foreign Currency, based on the Dollar Equivalent thereof) issued for the account of such Borrower (or for the joint and several account of such Borrower and any Subsidiary) at a per annum rate equal to the Applicable Margin then in effect with respect to Term Benchmark Loans, RFR Loans or CDOR Loans, as the case may be, at such time under the Revolving Facility, shared ratably among the Revolving Lenders. Such fees shall be payable quarterly in arrears on each L/C Fee Payment Date after the issuance date. In addition, each applicable Borrower shall pay to the relevant Issuing Lender for its own account a fronting fee equal to 0.125 per annum (or such lesser amount separately agreed in writing between the relevant Issuing Lender and the Company) of the undrawn and unexpired amount of each Letter of Credit issued by such Issuing Lender for the account of such Borrower (or for the joint and several account of such Borrower and any Subsidiary), payable quarterly in arrears on each L/C Fee Payment Date after the issuance date. (b) In addition to the foregoing fees, each applicable Borrower shall pay or reimburse each Issuing Lender for such normal and customary costs and expenses as are incurred or charged by such Issuing Lender in issuing, negotiating, effecting payment under, amending or otherwise administering any Letter of Credit issued for the account of such Borrower (or for the joint and several account of such Borrower and any Subsidiary). 3.4. L/C Participations. (a) Each Issuing Lender irrevocably agrees to grant and hereby grants to each L/C Participant, and, to induce such Issuing Lender to issue Letters of Credit hereunder, each L/C Participant irrevocably agrees to accept and purchase and hereby accepts and purchases from such Issuing Lender, on the terms and conditions hereinafter stated, for such L/C Participant s own account 109 4877-1242-0416 

and risk an undivided interest equal to such L/C Participant s Revolving Percentage in such Issuing Lender s obligations and rights under each Letter of Credit issued hereunder and the amount of each draft paid by such Issuing Lender thereunder. Each L/C Participant unconditionally and irrevocably agrees with each Issuing Lender that, if a draft is paid under any Letter of Credit issued for such Issuing Lender is not reimbursed in full by the applicable Borrower in accordance with the terms of this Agreement such L/C Participant shall pay to such Issuing Lender upon demand at such Issuing Lender s address for notices specified herein an amount in U.S. Dollars equal to such L/C Participant s Revolving Percentage (determined, in the case of any Letter of Credit denominated in a Foreign Currency, on the date such draft is drawn) of the amount of such draft, or any part thereof, that is not so reimbursed (whether or not the conditions to borrowing set forth in Section 5.2 are satisfied) (based on, in the case of any Letter of Credit denominated in a Foreign Currency, the Dollar Equivalent of the amount of such draft, or any part thereof, that is not so reimbursed). Each L/C Participant s obligation to purchase participating interests pursuant to this Section 3.4(a) shall be absolute and unconditional and shall not be affected by any circumstance, including (i) any setoff, counterclaim, recoupment, defense or other right that such L/C Participant or any Borrower may have against any Issuing Lender, any Borrower or any other Person for any reason whatsoever; (ii) the occurrence or continuance of a Default or the failure to satisfy any of the other conditions specified in Section 5; (iii) any adverse change in the condition (financial or otherwise) of any Borrower; (iv) any breach of this Agreement or any other Loan Document by any Borrower, any other Loan Party or any other Lender; or (v) any other circumstance, happening or event whatsoever, whether or not similar to any of the foregoing. (b) If any amount required to be paid by any L/C Participant to any Issuing Lender pursuant to Section 3.4(a) in respect of any unreimbursed portion of any payment made by such Issuing Lender under any Letter of Credit is paid to such Issuing Lender within three Business Days after the date such payment is due, such L/C Participant shall pay to such Issuing Lender on demand an amount equal to the product of (i) such amount, times (ii) the daily average Federal Funds Effective Rate during the period from and including the date such payment is required to the date on which such payment is immediately available to the relevant Issuing Lender, times (iii) a fraction the numerator of which is the number of days that elapse during such period and the denominator of which is 360. If any such amount required to be paid by any L/C Participant pursuant to Section 3.4(a) is not made available to the relevant Issuing Lender by such L/C Participant within three Business Days after the date such payment is due, such Issuing Lender shall be entitled to recover from such L/C Participant, on demand, such amount with interest thereon calculated from such due date at the rate per annum applicable to ABR Loans under the Revolving Facility. A certificate of the relevant Issuing Lender submitted to any L/C Participant with respect to any amounts owing under this Section shall be conclusive absent manifest error. (c) Whenever, at any time after any Issuing Lender has made payment under any Letter of Credit and has received from any L/C Participant its pro rata share of such payment in accordance with Section 3.4(a), such Issuing Lender receives any payment related to such Letter of Credit (whether directly from the applicable Borrower or otherwise, including proceeds of collateral applied thereto by such Issuing Lender), or any payment of interest on account thereof, such Issuing Lender will distribute to such L/C Participant its pro rata share thereof; provided, however, that in the event that any such payment received by such Issuing Lender shall be required to be returned by such Issuing Lender, such L/C Participant shall return to such Issuing Lender the portion thereof previously distributed by such Issuing Lender to it. 3.5. Reimbursement Obligation of the Borrowers. Each applicable Borrower agrees to reimburse the relevant Issuing Lender in U.S. Dollars (in the case of any Letter of Credit denominated in a Foreign Currency, in an amount equal to the Dollar Equivalent of such draft) no later than the first Business Day following each date on which such Issuing Lender notifies such Borrower of the date and amount of a draft presented under any Letter of Credit issued for the account of such Borrower (or for the 110 4877-1242-0416 

joint and several account of such Borrower and any Subsidiary) and paid by such Issuing Lender for the amount of (a) such draft so paid and (b) any fees, charges or other costs or expenses incurred by such Issuing Lender in connection with such payment. Each such payment shall be made to the relevant Issuing Lender at its address for notices specified herein in lawful money of the United States and in immediately available funds. Interest shall be payable on any and all amounts remaining unpaid by the applicable Borrower under this Section from the date such amounts become payable (whether at stated maturity, by acceleration or otherwise) until payment in full at the rate set forth in (i) until the second Business Day following the date of the applicable drawing, Section 2.16(b) and (ii) thereafter, Section 2.16(i). 3.6. Obligations Absolute. Each applicable Borrower s obligations under this Section 3 shall be absolute, unconditional and irrevocable and shall be performed strictly in accordance with the terms of this Agreement under any and all circumstances and irrespective of (i) any lack of validity or enforceability of any Letter of Credit or this Agreement, or any term or provision therein, (ii) any draft or other document presented under a Letter of Credit proving to be forged, fraudulent or invalid in any respect or any statement therein being untrue or inaccurate in any respect, (iii) payment by any Issuing Lender under a Letter of Credit against presentation of a draft or other document that does not comply with the terms of such Letter of Credit, (iv) any other event or circumstance whatsoever, whether or not similar to any of the foregoing, that might, but for the provisions of this Section, constitute a legal or equitable discharge of, or provide a right of any setoff, counterclaim or defense to payment that any Borrower may have or may have had against any Issuing Lender, any beneficiary of a Letter of Credit or any other Person, (v) any waiver by the Issuing Lender of any requirement that exists for the Issuing Lender s protection and not the protection of any Borrower or any waiver by the Issuing Lender which does not in fact materially prejudice the applicable Borrower, (vi) honor of a demand for payment presented electronically even if such Letter of Credit requires that demand be in the form of a draft, or (vii) any payment made by the Issuing Lender in respect of an otherwise complying item presented after the date specified as the expiration date of, or the date by which documents must be received under, such Letter of Credit if presentation after such date is authorized by the Uniform Commercial Code, the ISP or the UCP, as applicable. Each applicable Borrower shall promptly examine a copy of each Letter of Credit and each amendment thereto that is delivered to it and, in the event of any claim of noncompliance with such Borrower s instructions or other irregularity, such Borrower will promptly notify the Issuing Lender. Each Borrower shall be conclusively deemed to have waived any such claim against the Issuing Lender and its correspondents unless such notice is given as aforesaid. Each Borrower also agrees with each Issuing Lender that such Issuing Lender shall not be responsible for, and such Borrower s Reimbursement Obligations under Section 3.5 shall not be affected by, among other things, the validity or genuineness of documents or of any endorsements thereon, even though such documents shall in fact prove to be invalid, fraudulent or forged, or any dispute between or among any Borrower and any beneficiary of any Letter of Credit or any other party to which such Letter of Credit may be transferred or any claims whatsoever of any Borrower against any beneficiary of such Letter of Credit or any such transferee. No Issuing Lender shall be liable for any error, omission, interruption or delay in transmission, dispatch or delivery of any message or advice, however transmitted, in connection with any Letter of Credit, except for errors or omissions found by a final and nonappealable decision of a court of competent jurisdiction to have resulted from the bad faith, gross negligence or willful misconduct of such Issuing Lender. Each Borrower agrees that any action taken or omitted by any Issuing Lender under or in connection with any Letter of Credit or the related drafts or documents, unless taken or omitted with bad faith, gross negligence or willful misconduct as found by a final and nonappealable decision of a court of competent jurisdiction, shall be binding on such Borrower and shall not result in any liability of such Issuing Lender to such Borrower. The foregoing shall not be construed to excuse any Issuing Lender from liability to the applicable Borrower to the extent of any direct damages (as opposed to consequential, special, indirect or punitive damages, claims in respect of 111 4877-1242-0416 

which are hereby waived by each Borrower to the extent permitted by applicable law) suffered by such Borrower that are caused by such Issuing Lender s failure to exercise the agreed standard of care as found by a final and nonappealable decision of a court of competent jurisdiction in determining whether drafts and other documents presented under a Letter of Credit comply with the terms thereof. The parties hereto expressly agree that each Issuing Lender shall have exercised the agreed standard of care in the absence of bad faith, gross negligence or willful misconduct on the part of such Issuing Lender as found by a final and nonappealable decision of a court of competent jurisdiction. 3.7. Letter of Credit Payments. If any draft shall be presented for payment under any Letter of Credit, the relevant Issuing Lender shall, within a period stipulated by the terms and conditions of such Letter of Credit following its receipt of such draft, examine such draft. The Issuing Lender shall, promptly after such examination, notify the applicable Borrower of the date and amount of such draft. The responsibility of the relevant Issuing Lender to any Borrower in connection with any draft presented for payment under any Letter of Credit shall, in addition to any payment obligation expressly provided for in such Letter of Credit, be limited to determining that the documents (including each draft) delivered under such Letter of Credit in connection with such presentment are in substantial compliance with the terms of such Letter of Credit. The relevant Issuing Lender may, in its sole discretion, either accept and make payment upon such documents without responsibility for further investigation, regardless of any notice or information to the contrary, or refuse to accept and make payment upon such documents if such documents are not in strict compliance with the terms of such Letter of Credit. 3.8. Applications. To the extent that any provision of any Application related to any Letter of Credit is inconsistent with the provisions of this Section 3, the provisions of this Section 3 shall apply. 3.9. Provisions Related to Letters of Credit in Respect of Extended Revolving Commitments. If the Letter of Credit Expiration Date in respect of any Class, tranche or series of Revolving Commitments occurs prior to the expiry date of any Letter of Credit, then (i) if consented to by the Issuing Lender which issued such Letter of Credit, if one or more other Classes, tranches or series of Revolving Commitments in respect of which the Letter of Credit Expiration Date shall not have so occurred are then in effect, such Letters of Credit for which consent has been obtained shall automatically be deemed to have been issued (including for purposes of the obligations of the Revolving Lenders to purchase participations therein and to make Revolving Loans and payments in respect thereof pursuant to Sections 3.4 and 3.5 under (and ratably participated in by Lenders pursuant to) the Revolving Commitments in respect of such non-terminating tranches up to an aggregate amount not to exceed the aggregate amount of the unutilized Revolving Commitments thereunder at such time (it being understood that no partial face amount of any Letter of Credit may be so reallocated) and (ii) to the extent not reallocated pursuant to immediately preceding clause (i), the Company shall cash collateralize any such Letter of Credit. Upon the maturity date of any tranche of Revolving Commitments, the sublimit for Letters of Credit may be reduced as agreed between the Issuing Lender and the Company, without the consent of any other Person. SECTION 4. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES To induce the Administrative Agent and the Lenders to enter into this Agreement and to make the Loans and issue or participate in the Letters of Credit, the Company and, as to itself, each other Borrower, hereby represent and warrant to the Administrative Agent and each Lender that: 4.1. Financial Condition. The audited consolidated balance sheets of the Borrower as at January 2, 2021 and December 28, 2019 and the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income (loss), cash flows and equity of the Borrower for the fiscal years ended January 2, 2021 and December 28, 2019, and the unaudited consolidated balance sheet of the Borrower as at July 3, 112 4877-1242-0416 

2021 and the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income (loss), cash flows and equity (deficit) of the Company for the three- and six-month periods ended July 3, 2021, in each case, present fairly in all material respects the financial condition of the Company as at such dates, and the combined results of its operations and its combined cash flows for the applicable annual or three- and six-month periods then ended. All such financial statements, including the related schedules and notes thereto, have been prepared in accordance with GAAP applied consistently throughout the periods involved (except as approved by PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP and disclosed therein). 4.2. No Change. Except as set forth in any Exchange Act Reports, since January 2, 2021, there has not occurred any change, development or event that, individually or in the aggregate, has had or would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 4.3. Existence; Compliance with Law. Each of the Company and its Subsidiaries (a) is (except in the case of any Immaterial Subsidiary) duly organized, validly existing and in good standing (to the extent such concept is relevant in the applicable jurisdiction) under the laws of the jurisdiction of its organization, (b) has the corporate or other organizational power and authority, and the legal right, to own and operate its property, to lease the property it operates as lessee and to conduct the business in which it is currently engaged, (c) is duly qualified as a foreign corporation or other entity and in good standing under the laws of each jurisdiction where its ownership, lease or operation of property or the conduct of its business requires such qualification and (d) is in compliance with all Requirements of Law except, in the case of clauses (a) (except with respect to the Company), (b), (c) and (d), to the extent that the failure to be qualified or comply would not, in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 4.4. Power; Authorization; Enforceable Obligations. Each Loan Party has the corporate or other organizational power and authority, and the legal right, to make, deliver and perform the Loan Documents to which it is a party and, in the case of each Borrower, to borrow hereunder. Each Loan Party has taken all necessary corporate or other organizational action to authorize the execution, delivery and performance of the Loan Documents to which it is a party and, in the case of each Borrower, to authorize the borrowings on the terms and conditions of this Agreement. No consent or authorization of, filing with, notice to or other act by or in respect of, any Governmental Authority or any other Person is required in connection with the Transaction and the borrowings hereunder or with the execution, delivery, performance, validity or enforceability of this Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents, except (i) consents, authorizations, filings and notices described in Schedules 4.4, 4.20(a) and 4.20(b), which consents, authorizations, filings and notices have been obtained or made and are in full force and effect or will have been obtained or made and be in full force and effect on the Closing Date or (ii) where the failure to obtain such consent or authorization, or failure to file or provide notice would not, in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. Each Loan Document has been duly executed and delivered on behalf of each Loan Party that is a party thereto. This Agreement constitutes, and each other Loan Document upon execution will constitute, a legal, valid and binding obligation of each Loan Party that is a party thereto, enforceable against each such Loan Party in accordance with its terms, except as enforceability may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors rights generally and by general equitable principles (whether enforcement is sought by proceedings in equity or at law). 4.5. No Legal Bar. The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, the issuance of Letters of Credit, the borrowings hereunder and the use of the proceeds thereof will not violate (a) the Certificate of Incorporation and By-Laws or other organizational or governing documents of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries and (b) any other Requirement of Law or any Contractual Obligation of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries and will not result in, or require, the creation or imposition of any Lien on any of their respective properties or revenues pursuant to any 113 4877-1242-0416 

Requirement of Law or any such Contractual Obligation (other than the Liens created by the Security Documents), except to the extent, in this clause (b), such violation would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 4.6. Litigation. Except as disclosed in any Exchange Act Report, no litigation, investigation or proceeding of or before any arbitrator or Governmental Authority is pending or, to the Knowledge of any Borrower, threatened by or against the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or against any of their respective properties or revenues (a) with respect to any of the Loan Documents or any of the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby, or (b) that would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 4.7. No Default. (a) Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is in default under or with respect to any of its Contractual Obligations in any respect that would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. (b) No Default has occurred and is continuing. 4.8. Ownership of Property. Each of the Company and its Subsidiaries (other than Foreign Subsidiaries, as to which no representation is made) has title in fee simple to, or a valid leasehold interest in, all its material real property, including the Mortgaged Properties, and good title to, or a valid leasehold interest in, all its other property and rights, except where such failure would not, in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 4.9. Intellectual Property. The Company and each of its Subsidiaries owns, or is licensed to use, all material Intellectual Property, other than patents, necessary for the conduct of its business as currently conducted, and to the Knowledge of the Company, the Company and each of its Subsidiaries owns, or is licensed to use, all material patents necessary for the conduct of its business as currently conducted, and no claim has been asserted and is pending by any Person challenging or questioning the use of any such material Intellectual Property (including such patents) or the validity of any such material Intellectual Property (including such patents), nor does any Borrower know of any valid basis for any such claim, except, in each of the foregoing cases, as would not, in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. No use of Intellectual Property by the Company and its Subsidiaries infringes on the rights of any Person, except where such use would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 4.10. Taxes. Except as would not be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, each of the Company and each of its Subsidiaries has filed or caused to be filed all Federal, state and other tax returns that are required to be filed and has paid all Taxes (whether or not shown to be due and payable on said returns) or on any assessments made against it or any of its property and all other Taxes imposed on it or any of its property by any Governmental Authority (other than any amount or validity of which are currently being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings and with respect to which reserves in conformity with GAAP have been provided on the books of the Company or such Subsidiary, as the case may be). 4.11. Compliance with Swiss Non-Bank Rules. Each Swiss Borrower is at all times in compliance with the Swiss Non-Bank Rules. For the purpose of its compliance with the Swiss Non-Bank Rules under this Section 4.11, the aggregate number of Lenders under this Agreement which are not Swiss Qualifying Banks shall be deemed to be five (irrespective of whether or not there is, at any time, such a Lender). This representation shall not be deemed to be breached in case the Swiss Non-Bank Rules are violated solely as a result of any non-compliance by a Lender with the provisions of Section 10.6(j) or a Lender making a misrepresentation as (i) to its status according to Section 2.21(k) as a Swiss 114 4877-1242-0416 

Qualifying Bank or as (only) one Permitted Non-Qualifying Bank or (ii) ceasing to be a Swiss Qualifying Bank Creditor or as (only) one Permitted Non-Qualifying Bank after the time it acceded to this Agreement. 4.12. Federal Regulations. No part of the proceeds of any Loans will be used for buying or carrying any margin stock within the respective meanings of each of the quoted terms under Regulation U as now and from time to time hereafter in effect or for any purpose that violates the provisions of the Regulations of the Board. 4.13. Labor Matters. Except as, in the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect: (a) there are no strikes or other labor disputes against the Company or any of its Subsidiaries pending or, to the Knowledge of the Company, threatened and (b) hours worked by and payment made to employees of the Company and its Subsidiaries have not been in violation of the Fair Labor Standards Act or any other applicable Requirement of Law dealing with such matters. 4.14. ERISA. During the five-year period prior to the date on which this representation is made, except as would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, (a) neither a Reportable Event nor an accumulated funding deficiency or failure to meet the minimum funding standards (within the meaning of Section 412 of the Code or Section 302 of ERISA) has occurred with respect to any Single Employer Plan, and (b) each Single Employer Plan has complied with the applicable provisions of ERISA and the Code. To the Knowledge of the Company, no termination of a Single Employer Plan under Section 4041(c) of ERISA has occurred, and no Lien in favor of the PBGC or a Plan has arisen, during such five-year period. The present value of all accrued benefits under each Single Employer Plan (based on those assumptions used to fund such Plans) did not, as of the last annual valuation date prior to the date on which this representation is made or deemed made, exceed the value of the assets of such Single Employer Plan allocable to such accrued benefits by an amount which would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. Neither the Company nor any Commonly Controlled Entity has had a complete or partial withdrawal from any Multiemployer Plan that has resulted or would reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect under ERISA. Except as would not reasonably be expected to result in material liability to the Loan Parties, no such Multiemployer Plan is Insolvent. 4.15. Investment Company Act; Other Regulations. No Loan Party is required to register as an investment company within the meaning of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended. 4.16. Subsidiaries. Schedule 4.16 sets forth the name and jurisdiction of formation of each Subsidiary and, as to each such Subsidiary, the percentage of each class of Capital Stock owned by any Loan Party, in each case, on the Closing Date. 4.17. Use of Proceeds. (a) The proceeds of the Term Loans made on the Closing Date will be used to finance the Refinancing and to pay fees and expenses relating to the Transactions. (b) The proceeds of the Revolving Loans shall be used to finance the working capital needs and general corporate purposes of the Company and its Subsidiaries or for any other purpose not prohibited under this Agreement. (c) The proceeds of the Swingline Loans and the Letters of Credit shall be used for general corporate purposes or for any other purpose not prohibited under this Agreement. 115 4877-1242-0416 

4.18. Environmental Matters. Except as, in the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect: (a) the facilities and real properties owned, leased or operated by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries (the Properties do not contain any Materials of Environmental Concern under circumstances that constitute a violation of, or would reasonably be expected to give rise to liability under, any Environmental Law; (b) neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has received any written notice of violation, alleged violation, non-compliance, liability or potential liability regarding Environmental Laws with regard to any of the Properties or the business operated by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries (the Business nor does any Borrower have Knowledge of any such threatened notice; (c) Materials of Environmental Concern have not been transported or disposed of from the Properties in violation of, or in a manner or to a location that would be reasonably expected to give rise to liability under, any Environmental Law, nor have any Materials of Environmental Concern been generated, treated, stored or disposed of at, on or under any of the Properties in violation of, or in a manner that would reasonably be expected to give rise to liability under, any Environmental Law; (d) no judicial proceeding or governmental or administrative action is pending or, to the Knowledge of any Borrower, threatened, under any Environmental Law to which the Company or any Subsidiary is or, to the knowledge of any Borrower, will be named as a party with respect to the Properties or the Business, nor are there any consent decrees or other decrees, consent orders or administrative orders or other orders in effect under any Environmental Law with respect to the Properties or the Business; (e) there has been no release or threatened release of Materials of Environmental Concern at or from the Properties, or arising from or related to the operations of the Company or any Subsidiary in connection with the Properties or otherwise in connection with the Business, in violation of or in amounts or in a manner that could give rise to liability under Environmental Laws; and (f) the Company and the Subsidiaries are, and have in the last five years been in compliance, with all applicable Environmental Laws. 116 4877-1242-0416 

4.19. Accuracy of Information, etc. (a) (i) Written factual information, other than the Projections, forward-looking statements, estimates and information of a general economic or industry specific nature (the Information ), that has been made available to the Administrative Agent or the Arrangers in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, concerning the Borrower, its Subsidiaries, the Transactions and the other transactions contemplated by this Agreement, when taken as a whole, does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements contained therein not materially misleading in light of the circumstances under which such statements are made (after giving effect to all supplements and updates thereto and to any information contained in any public filing made by the Company with the SEC) and (ii) the Projections have been prepared in good faith based upon assumptions believed by the Company to be reasonable at the time furnished (it being recognized by us that such Projections are not to be viewed as facts and are subject to significant uncertainties and contingencies many of which are beyond your control and that actual results during the period or periods covered by any such Projections may differ from the projected results, and such differences may be material). (b) As of the Closing Date, to the best Knowledge of the Borrower, the information included in the Beneficial Ownership Certification provided on or prior to the Closing Date to any Lender in connection with this Agreement is true and correct in all material respects. 4.20. Security Documents. (a) Other than during a Suspension Period, the Collateral Agreement is effective to create in favor of the Collateral Agent, for the benefit of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders, a legal, valid and enforceable (except as enforceability may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors rights generally) security interest in the Collateral described therein and proceeds thereof. In the case of the Pledged Stock described in the Collateral Agreement, when the Administrative Agent (or its designee or agent) obtains control of stock certificates representing such Pledged Stock (as defined in the Collateral Agreement), in the case of the other Collateral described in the Collateral Agreement (other than any Intellectual Property constituting Collateral), when financing statements and other filings specified on Schedule 4.20(a) in appropriate form are or have been filed in the offices specified on Schedule 4.20(a), and, in the case of Intellectual Property constituting Collateral, when financing statements and other filings specified on Schedule 4.20(a) in appropriate form are or have been filed in the appropriate offices and appropriate filings have been filed with the United States Patent and Trademark Office or United States Copyright Office, as applicable, the Collateral Agreement shall constitute a fully perfected Lien on, and security interest in, all right, title and interest of the Loan Parties in such Collateral and the proceeds thereof to the extent a security interest can be perfected by filings or other action required thereunder as security for the Obligations (as defined in the Collateral Agreement), in each case prior and superior in right to any other Person (except, Liens permitted by Section 7.3). (b) Other than during a Suspension Period, each of the Mortgages is effective to create in favor of the Collateral Agent, for the benefit of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders, a legal, valid and enforceable Lien on the Mortgaged Properties described therein and proceeds thereof, and when the Mortgages are or have been filed or recorded in the offices specified on Schedule 4.20(b), each such Mortgage shall constitute a fully perfected Lien on, and security interest in, all right, title and interest of the Loan Parties in the Mortgaged Properties and the proceeds thereof, as security for the Obligations (as defined in the relevant Mortgage), in each case prior and superior in right to any other Person subject only to permitted Liens described in Section 7.3 hereof. As of the Closing Date, Schedule 1.1B lists each of the real properties in the United States owned in fee simple by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries having a value, in the reasonable opinion of the Company, in excess of 30,000,000. 117 4877-1242-0416 

4.21. Solvency. As of the Closing Date, each Loan Party is, and after giving effect to the Transactions and the incurrence of all Indebtedness and obligations being incurred in connection herewith and therewith will be, Solvent. 4.22. Anti-Corruption Laws and Sanctions. The Company has implemented and maintains in effect policies and procedures reasonably designed to promote compliance by the Company, its Subsidiaries and their respective directors, officers, employees and agents with Anti-Corruption Laws and applicable Sanctions, and the Company, its Subsidiaries and, to the Knowledge of the Company, its directors, officers, employees and agents, acting in their capacity as such, are in compliance with Anti-Corruption Laws and applicable Sanctions in all material respects. None of (a) the Company, any Subsidiary or, to the Knowledge of the Company, any of the Company s directors, officers or employees, or (b) to the Knowledge of the Company, any agent of the Company or any Subsidiary that will act in any capacity in connection with or benefit from the credit facilities established hereby, is a Sanctioned Person. No Loan or Letter of Credit, direct or, to any Borrower s Knowledge, indirect use of proceeds, or other transaction by any Borrower contemplated by this Agreement will violate Anti-Corruption Laws or applicable Sanctions. The foregoing representations in this Section 4.22 will not apply to any party hereto to which the Council Regulation (EC) 2271/96 (the Blocking Regulation applies, if and to the extent that such representations are or would be unenforceable by or in respect of that party pursuant to, or would otherwise result in a breach and/or violation of, (i) any provision of the Blocking Regulation (or any law or regulation implementing the Blocking Regulation in any member state of the European Union) or (ii) any similar blocking or anti-boycott law in the United Kingdom. 4.23. Affected Financial Institutions. No Loan Party is an Affected Financial Institution. SECTION 5. CONDITIONS PRECEDENT 5.1. Conditions to the Closing Date. The agreement of each Lender to make extensions of credit hereunder is subject to the prior or concurrent satisfaction of the following conditions precedent (except as set forth in Section 6.9, Section 6.11 and Section 6.12): (a) Loan Documents. The Administrative Agent shall have received (i) this Agreement, executed and delivered by each Borrower and the Lenders and (ii) reaffirmation agreements, executed and delivered by each Loan Party, the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent, in respect of the Guarantee Agreement and the Collateral Agreement, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent. (b) Fees. The Administrative Agent shall have received (including by deducting such amounts from the proceeds of the initial fundings under the Facilities) all fees required to be paid on the Closing Date and reasonable out-of-pocket expenses required to be reimbursed on the Closing Date, to the extent, in the case of expenses, invoiced at least three business days prior to the Closing Date. (c) Closing Certificates. The Administrative Agent (or its counsel) shall have received (i) a certificate of a Responsible Officer of the Company certifying satisfaction of the conditions set forth in clauses (a) and (b) of Section 5.2 and (ii) a certificate of each Loan Party, dated as of the Closing Date executed by a secretary, assistant secretary or other senior officer (as the case may be) thereof, which shall (A) certify that attached thereto is a true and complete copy of the resolutions or written consents of its shareholders, board of directors, board of managers, members or other governing body authorizing the entry into the Loan Documents to which it is a party and, in the case of the Borrower, the borrowings, and that such resolutions or written consents have not been modified, rescinded or amended and are in full force and effect, (B) identify by name and title and bear the signatures of the officers, managers, directors or authorized signatories of such Loan Party authorized to sign the Loan Documents to which it 118 4877-1242-0416 

is a party on the Closing Date and (C) certify (x) that attached thereto is a true and complete copy of the certificate or articles of incorporation or organization (or memorandum of association or other equivalent thereof) of such Loan Party certified by the relevant authority of the jurisdiction of organization of such Loan Party and a true and correct copy of its by-laws or operating, management, partnership or similar agreement (in case of Kontoor International a certified copy of its articles of association (Statuten) and a certified excerpt from the commercial register of the canton of Ticino (Handelsregisterauszug)) and (y) that such documents or agreements have not been amended (except as otherwise attached to such certificate and certified therein as being the only amendments thereto as of such date). (d) Legal Opinion. The Administrative Agent shall have received the executed legal opinions in the form of Exhibit C hereto of (i) Davis Polk Wardwell LLP, special New York counsel to the Borrowers and the other Loan Parties, (ii) Womble Bond Dickinson LLP, special North Carolina legal counsel to the Company and the other Loan Parties, (iii) Morris, Nichols, Arsht Tunnell LLP, special Delaware legal counsel to the Company and the other Loan Parties and (iv) Homburger AG, special Swiss counsel to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders. (e) Collateral. With respect to the Facilities, all documents and instruments necessary to create and perfect a first priority security interest (subject to liens permitted under the Loan Documents) in the Collateral under the Facilities shall have been delivered by the Loan Parties. (f) Historical Financial Statements. The Administrative Agent shall have received (i) the audited consolidated balance sheets of the Borrower as at January 2, 2021 and December 28, 2019 and the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income (loss), cash flows and equity of the Borrower for the fiscal years ended January 2, 2021 and December 28, 2019 and (ii) the unaudited consolidated balance sheet of the Borrower as at October 2, 2021 and the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income (loss), cash flows and equity (deficit) of the Borrower for the three- and nine-month periods ended October 2, 2021. (g) Projections. The Arrangers shall have received the Projections. (h) Material Adverse Effect. Except as set forth in any Exchange Act Reports, since January 2, 2021, there has not occurred any change, development or event that, individually or in the aggregate, has had or would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. (i) KYC. The Administrative Agent shall have received, at least three business days prior to the Closing Date, all documentation and other information about the Loan Parties as has been reasonably requested in writing at least ten business days prior to the Closing Date by the Administrative Agent or the Arrangers that they reasonably determine is required by regulatory authorities under applicable know your customer and anti-money laundering rules and regulations, including the Patriot Act and the Beneficial Ownership Regulation. (j) Solvency Certificate. The Administrative Agent shall have received a solvency certificate dated as of the Closing Date in substantially the form of Exhibit G from a Responsible Officer of the Company. (k) No Indebtedness; Payments under Existing Credit Agreement. (i) On the Closing Date, after giving effect to the Transactions, neither the Borrower nor any of its Subsidiaries shall have any Indebtedness for borrowed money the aggregate outstanding principal amount of which exceeds in the aggregate 75,000,000, other 119 4877-1242-0416 

than the Facilities, the Senior Unsecured Notes or other Indebtedness set forth on Schedule 7.2(d). (ii) All fees, accrued interest and other amounts due under the Existing Credit Agreement as of the Closing Date shall have been paid, and all outstanding loans under the Existing Credit Agreement that are not deemed borrowed under this Agreement shall have been repaid. 5.2. Conditions to Each Extension of Credit. The agreement of each Lender to make any extension of credit requested to be made by it on any date is subject to the satisfaction of the following conditions precedent: (a) Representations and Warranties. Each of the representations and warranties made by any Loan Party in or pursuant to the Loan Documents shall be true and correct in all material respects (and in all respects if any such representation and warranty is qualified by materiality) on and as of such date as if made on and as of such date (except to the extent any such representation and warranty expressly relates to an earlier date, in which case it was true and correct in all material respects (and in all respects if any such representation and warranty is qualified by materiality) as of such earlier date). (b) No Default. No Default shall have occurred and be continuing on such date or after giving effect to the extensions of credit requested to be made on such date. Each borrowing by and issuance of a Letter of Credit on behalf of any Borrower hereunder shall constitute a representation and warranty by such Borrower as of the date of such extension of credit that the conditions contained in this Section 5.2 have been satisfied. SECTION 6. AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS From and after the Closing Date, the Company hereby agrees that, so long as the Commitments remain in effect, any Letter of Credit remains outstanding or any Loan or other amount is due and owing to any Lender or the Administrative Agent hereunder, the Company shall and shall cause each of its Subsidiaries to: 6.1. Financial Statements. Furnish to the Administrative Agent and each Lender: (a) as soon as available, but in any event within 90 days after the end of each fiscal year of the Company ending after the Closing Date, a copy of the audited consolidated balance sheet of the Company and its consolidated Subsidiaries as at the end of such year and the related audited consolidated statements of income and of cash flows (or such other similar or additional statement then required by the SEC for annual reports filed pursuant to the Exchange Act) for such year, setting forth in each case in comparative form the figures for the previous year, reported on without a going concern or like qualification or exception, or qualification arising out of the scope of the audit (other than any such exception or explanatory paragraph, but not a qualification, that is expressly solely with respect to, or expressly resulting solely from, (i) an upcoming maturity date under Indebtedness permitted to be incurred under Section 7.2 that is scheduled to occur within one year from the time such audit report is delivered, (ii) any actual or potential inability to satisfy any Financial Covenant or (iii) the activities, operations, financial results, assets or liabilities of any Unrestricted Subsidiary), by PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP or other independent certified public accountants of nationally recognized standing; and 120 4877-1242-0416 

(b) as soon as available, but in any event not later than 45 days after the end of each fiscal quarter of the Company ending after the Closing Date, the unaudited consolidated or combined, as applicable, balance sheet of the Company and its consolidated or combined, as applicable, Subsidiaries as at the end of such quarter and the related unaudited consolidated or combined, as applicable, statements of income and of cash flows (or such other or similar or additional statement then required by the SEC for quarterly reports filed pursuant to the Exchange Act) for such quarter and the portion of the fiscal year through the end of such quarter, setting forth in each case in comparative form the figures for the previous year, certified by a Responsible Officer as fairly presenting in all material respects the financial condition of the Company and its subsidiaries (subject to normal year-end audit adjustments). All such financial statements shall be prepared in reasonable detail and in accordance in all material respects with GAAP applied consistently throughout the periods reflected therein and with prior periods (except as approved by such accountants or officer, as the case may be, and disclosed therein). Financial statements and reports required to be delivered pursuant to this Section 6.1 and Section 6.2(d) shall be deemed to have been delivered on the date on which (a) such financial statements or reports have been included in the Company s annual report on Form 10-K or Form 10-Q, as the case may be, as filed with the SEC, and such report has been posted on the SEC website on the Internet at sec.gov/edaux/searches.htm (or any successor website), on the Company s IntraLinks site at intralinks.com or on the Company s website or (b) the Company provides notice to the Administrative Agent (which notice the Administrative Agent shall promptly provide to the Lenders) that such financial statement or report has been posted at another relevant website identified in such notice and accessible by the Lenders without charge. 6.2. Certificates; Other Information. Furnish to the Administrative Agent and each Lender: (a) simultaneously with the delivery of each set of consolidated financial statements referred to in Section 6.1(a) and Section 6.1(b) above, the related consolidating financial information (which may be unaudited) reflecting adjustments necessary to eliminate the accounts of Unrestricted Subsidiaries (if any) from such consolidated financial statements; (b) within 10 Business Days after the delivery of any financial statements pursuant to Section 6.1, (i) a certificate of a Responsible Officer stating that such Responsible Officer has obtained no knowledge of any Default or Event of Default except as specified in such certificate and (ii) in the case of quarterly or annual financial statements, a Compliance Certificate as of the last day of the fiscal quarter or fiscal year of the Company, as the case may be; (c) [reserved]; (d) promptly upon the mailing thereof, copies of all financial statements and reports (except to the extent previously delivered pursuant to Section 6.1) that the Company sends to the holders of any class of its debt securities or public equity securities and, within five days after the same are filed, copies of all financial statements and reports that the Company may make to, or file with, the SEC; (e) promptly following any reasonable request therefor, information and documentation reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent or any Lender for purposes of compliance with applicable know your customer regulations and anti-money laundering rules and regulations, including the Patriot Act and the Beneficial Ownership Regulation; 121 4877-1242-0416 

(f) promptly, such additional financial information as any Lender (through the Administrative Agent) may from time to time reasonably request. 6.3. Payment of Taxes. Pay, discharge or otherwise satisfy at or before maturity or before they become delinquent, as the case may be, all Tax obligations, except where the amount or validity thereof is currently being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings and reserves in conformity with GAAP with respect thereto have been provided on the books of the Company or its Subsidiaries, as the case may be, or except where such failure would not, in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 6.4. Maintenance of Existence; Compliance. (a) (i) Preserve, renew and keep in full force and effect its corporate or other organizational existence and (ii) take all reasonable action to maintain all rights, privileges and franchises necessary or desirable in the normal conduct of the Business, except, in each case, as otherwise permitted by Section 7.4 and except, in the case of each of clause (i) (other than with respect to the existence of the Borrowers) and (ii) above, to the extent that failure to do so would not, in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; (b) comply with all Contractual Obligations and Requirements of Law except to the extent that failure to comply therewith would not, in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect and (c) maintain in effect and apply policies and procedures reasonably designed to ensure compliance in all material respects by the Company, its Subsidiaries and their respective directors, officers, employees and agents with Anti-Corruption Laws and applicable Sanctions. 6.5. Maintenance of Property; Insurance. (a) Keep all property useful and necessary in its business in good working order and condition, ordinary wear and tear excepted, except where such failure would not, in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect and (b) maintain with financially sound and reputable insurance companies insurance on all its property in at least such amounts and against at least such risks (but including in any event public liability, product liability and business interruption) as are customarily insured against in the same general area by companies engaged in the same or a similar business. 6.6. Inspection of Property; Books and Records; Discussions. (a) Keep proper books of records and accounts in conformity in all material respects with GAAP and (b) permit representatives of the Administrative Agent (which, following the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, may be accompanied by representatives of any Lender), upon reasonable prior written notice, to make reasonable visits to and inspections of any of its properties and examine and make abstracts from any of its books and records at any reasonable time and as often as may reasonably be desired and to discuss the business, operations, properties and financial condition of the Company and its Subsidiaries with officers of the Company and its Subsidiaries; provided that with respect to clause (b), prior to the occurrence and continuation of an Event of Default, no more than one such visit shall be made per year. 6.7. Notices. Promptly give notice to the Administrative Agent and each Lender of: (a) the occurrence of any Default or Event of Default upon obtaining Knowledge thereof; (b) any (i) default or event of default under any Contractual Obligation of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries that, would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect or (ii) litigation, investigation or proceeding affecting the Company or any of its Subsidiaries that would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; (c) the following events, as soon as possible and in any event within 30 days after the Company has Knowledge: (i) the occurrence of any Reportable Event with respect to any Plan, a failure 122 4877-1242-0416 

to make any required contribution to a Plan, the creation of any Lien in favor of the PBGC or a Plan or any withdrawal from, or the termination or Insolvency of, any Multiemployer Plan or (ii) the institution of proceedings or the taking of any other action by the PBGC or the Company or any Commonly Controlled or any Multiemployer Plan with respect to the withdrawal from, or the termination or Insolvency of, any Plan; provided, that in each case of clauses (i) and (ii), except as would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; and (d) any development or event that has had or would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. Each notice pursuant to this Section 6.7 shall be (i) in writing, (ii) shall contain a heading or reference line that reads Notice under Section 6.7 of the Kontoor Brands, Inc. Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated November 18, 2021 and (iii) accompanied by a statement of a Responsible Officer setting forth details of the occurrence referred to therein and stating what action the Company or the relevant Subsidiary proposes to take with respect thereto. 6.8. Environmental Laws. Comply with, and take commercially reasonable steps to ensure compliance in all material respects by all tenants and subtenants, if any, with, all applicable Environmental Laws, and obtain and comply with and maintain, and take commercially reasonable steps to ensure that all tenants and subtenants obtain and comply in all material respects with and maintain, any and all licenses, approvals, notifications, registrations or permits required by applicable Environmental Laws, except, in each case with respect to this Section 6.8, to the extent the failure to do so would not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect. 6.9. Additional Collateral, etc. Other than during any Suspension Period, (a) With respect to any property or rights acquired after the Closing Date by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries that is a Loan Party (or is required to be a Loan Party pursuant to the terms of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents) (other than any property described in paragraph (b), (c) or (d) below) as to which the Collateral Agent, for the benefit of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders, does not have a perfected Lien, promptly (and, in any event within 60 days following such acquisition) (i) execute and deliver to the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent such amendments to the Collateral Agreement or such other documents as the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent reasonably request to grant to the Collateral Agent, for the benefit of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders, a security interest in such property and (ii) take all actions as the Administrative Agent or Collateral Agent reasonably request to grant to the Collateral Agent, for the benefit of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders, a perfected first priority security interest in such property, including the filing of Uniform Commercial Code financing statements in such jurisdictions as may be required by the Collateral Agreement or by law or as may be reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent. (b) With respect to (i) any fee interest in any real property having a value (together with improvements thereof) of at least 30,000,000 acquired after the Closing Date by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries that is a Loan Party (or is required to be a Loan Party pursuant to the terms of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents) and (ii) any real property listed in part (b) of Schedule 1.1B that becomes a Mortgaged Property pursuant to the definition thereof, promptly (and in any event within 90 days following such acquisition or such real property becoming a Mortgaged Property) deliver the documents required for Mortgaged Properties pursuant to Section 6.11. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Collateral Agent shall not enter into any Mortgage in respect of any real property acquired by any Loan Party after the Closing Date until the date that is (a) if such real property is not located in a special flood hazard area , ten (10) Business Days or (b) if such real property is located in a special flood 123 4877-1242-0416 

hazard area , thirty (30) days, after the Administrative Agent has delivered to the Lenders the following documents in respect of such real property: (i) a completed flood hazard determination from a third party vendor; (ii) if such real property is located in a special flood hazard area , (A) a notification to the applicable Loan Parties of that fact and (if applicable) notification to the applicable Loan Parties that flood insurance coverage is not available and (B) evidence of the receipt by the applicable Loan Parties of such notice; and (iii) if required by Flood Laws, evidence of required flood insurance. (c) With respect to any new Subsidiary (other than any Excluded Subsidiary) (which, for the purposes of this paragraph (c), shall include any existing Subsidiary that ceases to be an Excluded Subsidiary and any Domestic Subsidiary that becomes a Subsidiary Borrower (to the extent not a Loan Party)), promptly (and, in any event (x) within 60 days after the acquisition or formation thereof or the cessation to be an Excluded Subsidiary or (y) upon effectiveness of such Domestic Subsidiary becoming a Subsidiary Borrower (to the extent not a Loan Party), as the case may be) (i) execute and deliver to the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent such amendments to the Collateral Agreement as the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent reasonably request to grant to the Collateral Agent, for the benefit of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders, a perfected first priority security interest in the Capital Stock of such new Subsidiary that is owned by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries that is a Loan Party (or is required to be a Loan Party pursuant to the terms of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents), (ii) deliver to the Collateral Agent the certificates representing such Capital Stock, together with undated stock powers, in blank, executed and delivered by a duly authorized officer of the Company or such Subsidiary, as the case may be, and take such other action as may be required or the Administrative Agent reasonably requests to perfect the Collateral Agent s security interest therein, (iii) cause such new Subsidiary to become a party to the Guarantee Agreement and the Collateral Agreement and (iv) if reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent, deliver to the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent legal opinions relating to the matters described above, which opinions shall be in form and substance, and from counsel, reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent. (d) With respect to any new first-tier Foreign Subsidiary or CFC Holding Company (other than any Excluded Foreign Subsidiary (as defined in the Collateral Agreement)) of a Loan Party created or acquired after the Closing Date by the Company or any other Loan Party, promptly (and, in any event within 60 days after the creation or acquisition thereof) (i) execute and deliver to the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent such amendments to the Collateral Agreement as the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent reasonably request to grant to the Collateral Agent, for the benefit of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders, a perfected first priority security interest in the Capital Stock of such new Subsidiary (provided that in no event shall more than 65.0 of the total outstanding Capital Stock of any such new Subsidiary that is a CFC or a CFC Holding Company be required to be so pledged); provided, further, that no Loan Party shall be obligated to pledge the Capital Stock of a Foreign Subsidiary to the extent such pledge would violate the laws of the jurisdiction of such Foreign Subsidiary s organization, (ii) deliver to the Collateral Agent the certificates representing such Capital Stock, together with undated stock powers, in blank, executed and delivered by a duly authorized officer of such Loan Party, as the case may be, and take such other action as may be necessary or, in the opinion of the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent, desirable to perfect the Collateral Agent s security interest therein and (iii) if reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent, deliver to the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent legal opinions relating to the matters described above, which opinions shall be in form and substance, and from counsel, reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent. (e) In addition, within 60 days of the Closing Date, the Company shall deliver to the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent insurance certificates and endorsements naming the 124 4877-1242-0416 

Collateral Agent as additional insured or mortgagee and loss payee under the insurance policies of the Company and its Subsidiaries in accordance with the Collateral Agreement. (f) For the avoidance of doubt, references in this Section 6.9 to any asset, property, right or Capital Stock of any Subsidiary created or acquired after the Closing Date do not include Excluded Assets (as defined in the Collateral Agreement). (g) The Administrative Agent shall have the right to extend any of the time periods set forth in this Section 6.9 in its reasonable discretion. (h) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in any Loan Document, no Loan Party shall be required, nor shall the Administrative Agent be authorized, (A) to perfect any pledge, security interest or mortgage by any means other than through (x) any filing pursuant to the UCC in the office of the secretary of state (or similar central filing office) of the relevant State(s) and any filing in any applicable real estate records in the United States with respect to any mortgaged property or any fixture relating to any mortgaged property, (y) any filing in the United States Copyright Office or the United States Patent and Trademark Office with respect to Intellectual Property or (z) delivery to the Administrative Agent to be held in its possession of all Collateral consisting of stock certificates of the Company and its wholly-owned pledged subsidiaries and certain instruments with a fair market value in excess of 5,000,000, (B) to enter into any account control agreement or lockbox or similar arrangement with respect to any deposit account, securities account or commodities account or (C) to take any action in or required by a jurisdiction other than the United States or with respect to any asset located or titled outside of the United States (and there shall be no guarantee, security agreement or pledge agreement governed by the laws of any such non-U.S. jurisdiction). 6.10. Designation of Subsidiaries. The Company may at any time designate any Subsidiary as an Unrestricted Subsidiary or any Unrestricted Subsidiary as a Subsidiary by delivering to the Administrative Agent a certificate of a Responsible Officer of the Company specifying such designation and certifying that the conditions to such designation set forth in this Section 6.10 are satisfied; provided that: (a) both immediately before and immediately after any such designation, no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing or would result therefrom; (b) the Company shall be in Ppro Fforma Ccompliance with the Financial Covenants, recomputed as of the last day of the applicable Test Period; (c) in the case of a designation of a Subsidiary as an Unrestricted Subsidiary, each subsidiary of such Subsidiary has been, or concurrently therewith will be, designated as an Unrestricted Subsidiary in accordance with this Section 6.10; and (d) in no event shall any Subsidiary be designated an Unrestricted Subsidiary if such Subsidiary or any subsidiary of such Subsidiary owns material Intellectual Property. The designation of any Subsidiary as an Unrestricted Subsidiary shall constitute an Investment by the Company in such Subsidiary on the date of designation in an amount equal to the fair market value of the Company s or its Subsidiary s (as applicable) Investment therein (as determined reasonably and in good faith by a Responsible Officer of the Company). The designation of any Unrestricted Subsidiary as a Subsidiary shall constitute the incurrence at the time of designation of any Investment, Indebtedness or Liens of such Subsidiary existing at such time. 125 4877-1242-0416 

6.11. Post-Closing Real Estate Deliverables. No later than 120 days after the Closing Date (or such later date selected by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion) the Company shall cause to be delivered to the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent: (a) Mortgages. A Mortgage encumbering each Mortgaged Property listed on Schedule 1.1B in favor of the Collateral Agent, for the benefit of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders, duly executed and acknowledged by each Loan Party that is the owner of or holder of any interest in such Mortgaged Property, and otherwise in form for recording in the recording office of each applicable political subdivision where each such Mortgaged Property is situated, together with such certificates, affidavits, questionnaires or returns as shall be required in connection with the recording or filing thereof to create a lien under applicable Requirements of Law, and such financing statements and any other instruments necessary to grant a mortgage lien under the laws of any applicable jurisdiction, all of which shall be in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Collateral Agent; (b) Title Insurance Policies. With respect to each Mortgage, (a) a policy of title insurance (or marked up unconditional title insurance commitment having the effect of a policy of title insurance) issued by a nationally recognized and financially stable title insurance company reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent (the Title Company insuring the Lien of such Mortgage as a valid first mortgage Lien on the Mortgaged Property in an amount not less than the value of such Mortgaged Property determined in the reasonable opinion of the Company, which policy (or such marked up unconditional title insurance commitment) (each, a Title Policy shall (x) to the extent necessary, include such co-insurance and reinsurance arrangements (with provisions for direct access, if necessary) as shall be reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent, (y) have been supplemented by such endorsements as shall be reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent, and (z) contain no exceptions to title other than Liens permitted pursuant to Section 7.3; (b) evidence reasonably acceptable to the Collateral Agent of payment by Borrower of all Title Policy premiums, search and examination charges, escrow charges and related charges, mortgage recording taxes, fees, charges, costs and expenses required for the recording of the Mortgages and issuance of the Title Policies; and (c) such affidavits, certificates, information (including financial data) and instruments of indemnification (including a so-called gap indemnification) as shall be required to induce the Title Company to issue the Title Policies and endorsements; (c) Surveys. A survey of the applicable Mortgaged Property for which all necessary fees (where applicable) have been paid (a) prepared by a surveyor reasonably acceptable to the Collateral Agent, (b) dated or re-certificated not earlier than three months prior to the date of such delivery or such other date as may be reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion, (c) for Mortgaged Property situated in the United States, certified to the Collateral Agent, and the Title Company, which certification shall be reasonably acceptable to the Collateral Agent and (d) in such form as shall be required by the title company to issue the so-called comprehensive and other survey-related endorsements and to remove the standard survey exceptions from the Title Policies and endorsements provided, however, that a survey shall not be required to the extent that (x) an existing survey together with an affidavit of no change is delivered to the Collateral Agent and the Title Company and (y) the Title Policy for such Mortgaged Property does not contain the standard survey exception and includes customary survey related endorsements and other coverages in the applicable Title Policy (including, but not limited to public road access, survey, contiguity and so-called comprehensive coverage); (d) Opinions. Favorable written opinions, addressed to the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent and the Lenders, of local counsel to the Loan Parties in each jurisdiction (i) where a Mortgaged Property is located and (ii) where the applicable Loan Party granting the Mortgage on said Mortgaged Property is organized, regarding the due authority, execution, delivery, perfection and enforceability of each such Mortgage, the corporate formation, existence and good standing of the 126 4877-1242-0416 

applicable Loan Party, and such other matters as may be reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent, each in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Collateral Agent; (e) Flood Insurance. (a) Life-of-Loan Federal Emergency Management Agency Standard Flood Hazard Determination with respect to each Mortgaged Property; and (b) in the event any such property is located in an area identified by the Federal Emergency Management Agency (or any successor agency) as a special flood hazard area, (x) a notice about special flood hazard area status and flood disaster assistance, duly executed by the Company, (y) evidence of flood insurance with a financially sounds and reputable insurer, naming the Collateral Agent, as mortgagee, in an amount and otherwise in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Collateral Agent, and (z) evidence of the payment of premiums in respect thereof in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Collateral Agent (provided that, notwithstanding the foregoing, the Collateral Agent shall not enter into any Mortgage in respect of any Mortgaged Property listed on Schedule 1.1B until the date that is (a) if such real property is not located in a special flood hazard area , ten (10) Business Days or (b) if such real property is located in a special flood hazard area , one hundred twenty (120 days, after the Collateral Agent has delivered to the Lenders the following documents in respect of such real property: (i) a completed flood hazard determination from a third party vendor; (ii) if such real property is located in a special flood hazard area , (A) a notification to the applicable Loan Parties of that fact and (if applicable) notification to the applicable Loan Parties that flood insurance coverage is not available and (B) evidence of the receipt by the applicable Loan Parties of such notice; and (iii) if required by Flood Laws, evidence of required flood insurance); and 6.12. Post-Closing Obligations. The Company and each applicable Loan Party shall comply with each requirement set forth on Schedule 6.12 on or before the date specified for such requirement (or such later date as the Administrative Agent may agree in its reasonable discretion). 6.13. Maintenance of Ratings. The Company will use commercially reasonable efforts to maintain in effect a corporate rating (but not any specific rating) from S P and a corporate family rating from Moody s, in each case in respect of the Company, and a rating of the credit facilities hereunder by each of S P and Moody s. SECTION 7. NEGATIVE COVENANTS From and after the Closing Date, the Company hereby agrees that, so long as the Commitments remain in effect, any Letter of Credit remains outstanding or any Loan or other amount is due and owing to any Lender or the Administrative Agent hereunder, the Company shall not, and shall not permit any of its Subsidiaries to, directly or indirectly: 7.1. Financial Condition Covenants. (a) Total Leverage Ratio. Permit the Total Leverage Ratio as at the last day of any Test Period to exceed 4.50 to 1.00, commencing with the Test Period for which the last fiscal quarter is the first full fiscal quarter ending after the Closing Date. Notwithstanding the foregoing, at the written election of the Company not later than the date on which financial statements are required to be delivered pursuant to Section 6.1 in respect of the fiscal period in which a Material Acquisition is consummated, for each of the four succeeding four-fiscal quarter periods ending immediately following the consummation of such Material Acquisition (including the first Test Period ending after the consummation of such Material Acquisition) (the Increased Test Periods ), the applicable Total Leverage Ratio level for purposes of this Section 7.1(a) shall not exceed 5.00 to 1.00; provided, however, that, (1) the Total Leverage Ratio as at the last day of each of the two four-fiscal quarter periods immediately succeeding the last Increased Test Period shall be equal to or less than 4.50 to 1.00 127 4877-1242-0416 

(irrespective of whether any other Material Acquisition has been consummated during such period) and (2) the Company may make only two such elections during the term of this Agreement. (b) Consolidated Interest Coverage Ratio. Permit the Consolidated Interest Coverage Ratio as of the last day of any Test Period to be less than 3.00 to 1.00, commencing with the Test Period for which the last fiscal quarter is the first full fiscal quarter ending after the Closing Date. 7.2. Indebtedness. Create, issue, incur, assume, become liable in respect of or suffer to exist any Indebtedness, except: (a) Indebtedness of any Loan Party pursuant to any Loan Document; (b) Indebtedness of the Company to any of its Subsidiaries and of any Subsidiary to the Company or any other Subsidiary of the Company; provided that any Indebtedness of any Subsidiary that is not a Domestic Loan Party to the Company or to any of its Subsidiaries that are Domestic Loan Parties is permitted pursuant to Section 7.8 (other than Sections 7.8(c)(i) and 7.8(ff)); (c) Indebtedness in respect of the Senior Unsecured Notes and any Permitted Refinancing in respect thereof; (d) Indebtedness existing on the Closing Date (or which may have been incurred pursuant to commitments existing on the Closing Date) listed, to the extent in excess of 5,000,000 on Schedule 7.2(d) and any Permitted Refinancing in respect thereof; (e) Indebtedness (including Capital Lease Obligations) secured by Liens permitted by Section 7.3(i) in an aggregate principal amount not to exceed the greater of (x) 105,000,000 and (y) 25.0 of Consolidated EBITDA for the most recently ended Test Period; (f) (i) Indebtedness of any Subsidiary located in China in an aggregate principal amount not to exceed 50,000,000 and (ii) Indebtedness of any Subsidiary located in India in an aggregate principal amount not to exceed 25,000,000; (g) Hedge Agreements as long as such agreements are not entered into for speculative purposes; (h) Incremental Equivalent Debt and any Permitted Refinancing in respect thereof; (i) [reserved]; (j) (i) additional Indebtedness of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries in an aggregate principal amount (for all incurrences by the Company and all Subsidiaries pursuant to this clause (j)) which when incurred does not exceed the greater of (x) 160,000,000 and (y) 37.5 of Consolidated EBITDA for the most recently ended Test Period and (ii) any Permitted Refinancing in respect thereof; (k) Capital Lease Obligations arising from Permitted Sale/Leasebacks; (l) (i) Indebtedness of the Company or any Subsidiary Ratio Debt in an aggregate principal amount not to exceed (A) the Shared Incremental Amount plus (B) an unlimited amount so long as, in the case of this clause (i)(B), on the date of incurrence thereof on a Pro Forma Basis after giving effect to the incurrence of such Ratio Debt and the application of the proceeds thereof (without netting the cash proceeds thereof) and to any relevant Specified Transaction, (i) if such Indebtedness is secured by a Lien on the Collateral that is pari passu (but without regard to the control of remedies) with the 128 4877-1242-0416 

Liens securing the Obligations, the First Lien Leverage Ratio does not exceed either (A) 2.75 to 1.00 or (B) if such Ratio Debt is incurred in connection with an acquisition or other Investment permitted under this Agreement, the greater of (I) 2.75 to 1.00 and (II) the First Lien Leverage Ratio immediately prior to the incurrence of such Ratio Debt and the consummation of such acquisition or other permitted Investment, (ii) if such Indebtedness is secured by a Lien on the Collateral that is junior to the Liens securing the Obligations, the Senior Secured Leverage Ratio does not exceed either (A) 3.25 to 1.00 or (B) if such Ratio Debt is incurred in connection with an acquisition or other Investment permitted under this Agreement, the greater of (I) 3.25 to 1.00 and (II) the Senior Secured Leverage Ratio immediately prior to the incurrence of such Ratio Debt and the consummation of such acquisition or other permitted Investment, and (iii) if such Indebtedness is unsecured or, in the case of Ratio Debt incurred by any Foreign Subsidiary, is secured by a Lien on assets or property of Foreign Subsidiaries, the Company is in compliance with the Financial Covenants (in the case of any Ratio Debt incurred in reliance on this clause (iii) in connection with any Material Acquisition, after giving effect to any step-up applicable to Section 7.1(a) to the extent that the first Test Period ending after the date of the consummation of such Material Acquisition would be an Increased Test Period in accordance with the terms of Section 7.1(a)); provided that (i) the requirement set forth in Sections 2.27(a)(vi) and (vii) (except with respect to any Ratio Debt consisting of a customary bridge facility so long as, subject to customary conditions, such bridge facility automatically converts into long-term debt satisfying the requirements set forth in Sections 2.27(a)(vi) and (vii)), as applicable, shall apply mutatis mutandis as if such Ratio Debt were Incremental Facilities and (ii) the aggregate amount of Indebtedness incurred by Subsidiaries that are not Domestic Loan Parties under this clause (l), together with the aggregate amount of Incurred Acquisition Debt incurred by Subsidiaries that are not Domestic Loan Parties, shall not exceed the greater of (x) 130,000,000 and (y) 30.0 of Consolidated EBITDA for the most recently ended Test Period and (ii) any Permitted Refinancing thereof; (m) Indebtedness in respect of Cash Management Obligations, including Cash Pooling Agreements, or guarantees thereof, including the guarantee set forth in the Guarantee Agreement; (n) (i) additional Indebtedness of Subsidiaries that are not Domestic Loan Parties in an aggregate principal amount not to exceed the greater of (x) 130,000,000 and (y) 30.0 of Consolidated EBITDA for the most recently ended Test Period and (ii) any Permitted Refinancing thereof; (o) Guarantee Obligations by the Company of Indebtedness otherwise permitted hereunder of any Subsidiary and by any Subsidiary of Indebtedness otherwise permitted hereunder of the Company or any other Subsidiary; provided that any guarantee by any Domestic Loan Party of any Indebtedness of any Subsidiary that is not a Domestic Loan Party is permitted pursuant to Section 7.8 (other than Sections 7.8(c)(i) and 7.8(ff)); (p) (i) Indebtedness incurred in connection with any acquisition or other Investment permitted hereunder Incurred Acquisition Debt in an amount not to exceed (A) the Shared Incremental Amount plus (B) an unlimited amount so long as, in the case of this clause (i)(B), on the date of incurrence thereof on a Pro Forma Basis after giving effect to the incurrence of such Incurred Acquisition Debt and the application of the proceeds thereof (without netting the cash proceeds thereof) and to any relevant Specified Transaction, (i) if such Indebtedness is secured by a Lien on the Collateral that is pari passu (but without regard to the control of remedies) with the Liens securing the Obligations, the First Lien Leverage Ratio does not exceed the greater of (x) 2.75 to 1.00 and (y) the First Lien Leverage Ratio immediately prior to the incurrence of such Incurred Acquisition Debt and the consummation of such acquisition or other permitted Investment, (ii) if such Indebtedness is secured by a Lien on the Collateral that is junior to the Liens securing the Obligations, the Senior Secured Leverage Ratio does not exceed the greater of (x) 3.25 to 1.00 and (y) the Senior Secured Leverage Ratio immediately prior to the incurrence of such Incurred Acquisition Debt and the consummation of such 129 4877-1242-0416 

acquisition or other permitted Investment and (iii) if such Indebtedness is unsecured or, in the case of Incurred Acquisition Debt incurred by any Foreign Subsidiary, is secured by a Lien on assets or property of Foreign Subsidiaries, either (x) the Company is in compliance with the Financial Covenants (in the case of any Incurred Acquisition Debt incurred in reliance on this clause (iii) in connection with any Material Acquisition, after giving effect to any step-up applicable to Section 7.1(a) to the extent that the first Test Period ending after the date of the consummation of such Material Acquisition would be an Increased Test Period in accordance with the terms of Section 7.1(a)) or (y) the Total Leverage Ratio does not exceed the Total Leverage Ratio as of the last day of the most recently ended Test Period and the Consolidated Interest Coverage Ratio is no less than the Consolidated Interest Coverage Ratio as of the last day of the most recently ended Test Period; provided that (i) the requirement set forth in Sections 2.27(a)(vi) and (vii) (except with respect to any Incurred Acquisition Debt consisting of a customary bridge facility so long as, subject to customary conditions, such bridge facility automatically converts into long-term debt satisfying the requirements set forth in Sections 2.27(a)(vi) and (vii)), as applicable shall apply mutatis mutandis as if such Incurred Acquisition Debt were Incremental Facilities and (ii) the aggregate amount of Indebtedness incurred by Subsidiaries that are not Domestic Loan Parties under this clause (p), together with the aggregate amount of Ratio Debt incurred by Subsidiaries that are not Domestic Loan Parties, shall not exceed the greater of (x) 130,000,000 and (y) 30.0 of Consolidated EBITDA for the most recently ended Test Period and (ii) any Permitted Refinancing thereof; (q) Indebtedness under a Permitted Receivables Financing or Supply Chain Financing; (r) to the extent constituting Indebtedness, obligations (including reimbursement obligations with respect to guaranties, letters of credit or other similar obligations) in respect of tenders, statutory obligations, leases, governmental contracts, stay, performance bid, customs, appeal and surety bonds and performance and/or return of money bonds and completion guarantees or other obligations of a like nature issued for the account of, or provided by, the Company and its Subsidiaries in the ordinary course of business; (s) Indebtedness incurred by a Special Purpose Finance Subsidiary; (t) Credit Agreement Refinancing Indebtedness (including successive Permitted Refinancings thereof) and Guarantee Obligations by the Guarantors in respect thereof; (u) Indebtedness arising from agreements providing for indemnification, purchase price adjustments or similar obligations incurred by the Company or its Subsidiaries in connection with any acquisition or Disposition in each case permitted by this Agreement; (v) Indebtedness consisting of obligations of the Company or any Subsidiary under deferred compensation (e.g., earn-outs, indemnifications, incentive non-competes and other contingent or deferred obligations) or other similar arrangements incurred by such Person in connection with the Transactions, or any acquisition or other Investment in each case permitted under Section 7.8 (other than Section 7.8(ff)); (w) Indebtedness of a Person which becomes a Subsidiary or is merged into any Subsidiary after the Closing Date in each case to the extent such acquisition or merger is permitted under this Agreement; provided that (i) such Indebtedness was in existence on the date such Person became a Subsidiary of, or merged into, such Subsidiary, (ii) such Indebtedness was not created in contemplation of such Person becoming a Subsidiary, (iii) such Indebtedness is not guaranteed in any respect by or secured by the assets of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries (other than by any such person that so 130 4877-1242-0416 

becomes a Subsidiary) and (iv) immediately after giving effect to the acquisition of or merger with such Person by such Subsidiary, no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing; (x) Indebtedness incurred by the Company or its Subsidiaries in respect of banker s acceptances, bank guarantees, letters of credit, warehouse receipts or similar instruments entered into in the ordinary course of business, including in respect of workers compensation claims, health, disability or other employee benefits or property, casualty or liability insurance or self-insurance, or other Indebtedness with respect to reimbursement type obligations regarding workers compensation claims, in each case in the ordinary course of business or consistent with past practice; (y) Indebtedness consisting of (i) the financing of insurance premiums, (ii) take-or-pay obligations contained in supply arrangements, (iii) obligations to reacquire assets or inventory in connection with customer financing arrangements or (iv) obligations owing under supply, customer, distribution, license, lease or similar agreements, in each case with respect to clauses (i) through (iv), entered into in the ordinary course of business; (z) Indebtedness supported by a letter of credit issued by any Person (other than the Company or any of its Affiliates) for the account of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries pursuant to another clause of this Section 7.2, the availability of which is subject to a stated quantum in a principal amount not in excess of the stated amount of such letter of credit; (aa) Indebtedness related to any letter of credit issued in the ordinary course of business or created by or for the account of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries other than pursuant to this Agreement, in an aggregate principal amount not in excess of 35,000,000; (bb) Indebtedness incurred in the ordinary course of business or consistent with past practice under travel and expense cards, corporate purchasing cards and car leasing programs, and Guarantee Obligations of the Company and its Subsidiaries with respect to any such Indebtedness; (cc) Indebtedness of the Company or any Subsidiary as an account party in respect of trade letters of credit issued in the ordinary course of business; (dd) Indebtedness (other than debt for borrowed money) of any Borrower and/or any Subsidiary consisting of obligations owing under incentive, supply, license or similar agreements entered into in the ordinary course of business or consistent with past practice; (ee) endorsement of instruments or other payment items for collection or deposit in the ordinary course of business or consistent with past practice; (ff) [reserved]; (gg) unfunded pension fund and other employee benefit plan obligations and liabilities incurred by any Borrower and/or any Subsidiary in the ordinary course of business or consistent with past practice to the extent that the unfunded amounts would not otherwise cause an Event of Default under Section 8(g); (hh) customer deposits and advance payments received in the ordinary course of business or consistent with past practice from customers for goods and services purchased in the ordinary course of business; (ii) obligations in respect of letters of support, guarantees or similar obligations issued, made or incurred for the benefit of any subsidiary of any Borrower to the extent required by law or in 131 4877-1242-0416 

connection with any statutory filing or the delivery of audit opinions performed in jurisdictions other than within the United States; and (jj) all premiums, interest (including post-petition interest), fees, expenses, charges and additional or contingent interest on obligations described in this Section 7.2. 7.3. Liens. Create, incur, assume or suffer to exist any Lien upon any of its property, whether now owned or hereafter acquired, except for: (a) Liens for taxes not yet due or that are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings; provided that adequate reserves with respect thereto are maintained on the books of any Loan Party or any Excluded Subsidiary, as the case may be, in conformity with GAAP or in the case of a Subsidiary located outside of the United States, general accounting principles in effect from time to time in its jurisdiction of incorporation; (b) statutory liens of landlords and carriers, warehousemen, mechanics, materialmen, repairmen or other like Liens arising in the ordinary course of business that are not overdue for a period of more than 60 days or that are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings; (c) pledges or deposits in connection with workers compensation, unemployment insurance and other social security legislation; (d) deposits to secure the performance of bids, trade contracts (other than for borrowed money), leases, statutory obligations, governmental contracts, customs, stay, surety and appeal bonds, performance and/or return of money bonds and completion guarantees or other obligations of a like nature (including those to secure health, safety and environmental obligations) incurred in the ordinary course of business; (e) easements, rights-of-way, restrictions and other similar encumbrances that are or would be reflected on a survey or by inspection of any real property or that, in the aggregate, are not substantial in amount and that do not in the aggregate materially detract from the value of the property subject thereto or materially interfere with the ordinary conduct of the business of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries taken as a whole; (f) (i) Liens in existence on the Closing Date, to the extent the obligations secured by such Liens are in excess of 5,000,000, listed on Schedule 7.3(f) securing Indebtedness permitted by Section 7.2(d) or other obligations not prohibited hereunder and (ii) Liens replacing the Liens set forth on Schedule 7.3(f) securing a refinancing, refunding, renewal or extension of Indebtedness that is permitted pursuant to Section 7.2(d) or such other obligations; provided that no such Lien is spread to cover any additional property after the Closing Date unless otherwise permitted by another provision of this Section 7.3 (in which case, for the avoidance of doubt, such Lien covering any additional property shall be incurred in reliance on such other provision of this Section 7.3) and that the amount of Indebtedness or such other obligation secured thereby is not increased; (g) Liens on the Collateral to secure Indebtedness permitted under Sections 7.2(l) or 7.2(p); provided that an Other Debt Representative acting on behalf of the holders of such Indebtedness shall have become party to (i) if such Indebtedness is secured by a Lien on the Collateral that is pari passu (but without regard to the control of remedies) with the Liens securing the Obligations, a First Lien Intercreditor Agreement as a Senior Representative (or similar term, in each case, to be defined in the First Lien Intercreditor Agreement) or (ii) if such Indebtedness is secured by the Collateral that is junior 132 4877-1242-0416 

to the Liens securing the Obligations, a Junior Lien Intercreditor Agreement as a Junior Priority Representative (or similar term, in each case, to be defined in the Junior Lien Intercreditor Agreement); (h) Liens arising solely by virtue of any contractual, statutory or common law provisions related to banker s liens, rights of set-off or similar rights and remedies as to deposit accounts and securities accounts; (i) Liens securing Indebtedness of the Company or any Subsidiary incurred pursuant to Section 7.2(e) to finance the acquisition of fixed or capital assets; provided that (i) such Liens do not at any time encumber any property other than the property financed by such Indebtedness (other than after-acquired property that is affixed or incorporated into the property covered by such Lien or financed by Indebtedness permitted under Section 7.2(e)) and (ii) the amount of Indebtedness secured thereby is not increased; (j) Liens created pursuant to the Security Documents; (k) Liens consisting of judgment or judicial attachment Liens and Liens securing contingent obligations on appeal and other bonds in connection with court proceedings, settlements or judgments; provided that (i) such Liens would not result in the occurrence of an Event of Default hereunder and (ii) such Liens are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings; (l) Liens consisting of any (i) interest or title of a lessor, sub-lessor, licensor or sub-licensor under any lease, license or similar arrangement of real estate or other property (including intellectual property) permitted hereunder, (ii) landlord lien arising by law or permitted by the terms of any lease, sub-lease, license, sub-license or similar arrangement, (iii) restriction or encumbrance to which the interest or title of such lessor, sub-lessor, licensor or sub-licensor may be subject, (iv) subordination of the interest of the lessee, sub-lessee, licensee or sub-licensee under such lease, sub-lease, license, sub-license or similar arrangement to any restriction or encumbrance referred to in the preceding clause (iii) or (v) deposit of cash with the owner or lessor of premises leased and operated by any Borrower or any Subsidiary in the ordinary course of business or consistent with past practice to secure the performance of obligations under the terms of the lease for such premises; (m) Liens on assets subject to a Permitted Receivables Financing securing such Permitted Receivables Financing; (n) additional Liens so long as the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the obligations secured thereby at the time such Lien is incurred does not exceed the greater of (x) 160,000,000 and (y) 37.5 of Consolidated EBITDA for the most recently ended Test Period; (o) Liens on the Collateral securing Incremental Equivalent Debt; provided that an Other Debt Representative acting on behalf of the holders of such Indebtedness shall have become party to (i) if such Indebtedness by secured by a Lien on the Collateral that is pari passu (but without regard to the control of remedies) with the Liens securing the Obligations, a First Lien Intercreditor Agreement as a Senior Representative (or similar term, in each case, to be defined in the First Lien Intercreditor Agreement) or (ii) if such Indebtedness is secured by a Lien on the Collateral that is junior to the Liens securing the Obligations, a Junior Lien Intercreditor Agreement as a Junior Priority Representative (or similar term, in each case, to be defined in the Junior Lien Intercreditor Agreement); (p) Liens on cash, Cash Equivalents, deposit accounts and similar items of (i) Foreign Subsidiaries securing Cash Management Obligations of Foreign Subsidiaries, including obligations of Foreign Subsidiaries in respect of any Cash Pooling Agreement, and guarantees by any Foreign 133 4877-1242-0416 

Subsidiary of such Cash Management Obligations of other Foreign Subsidiaries or such similar obligations of other Foreign Subsidiaries or (ii) Subsidiaries securing obligations in respect of the Existing Pooling Agreement; (q) Liens on assets and Capital Stock of Subsidiaries that are not Loan Parties (including Capital Stock owned by such Persons) securing Indebtedness or other obligations of Subsidiaries that are not Loan Parties permitted pursuant to Section 7.2 (or not prohibited under this Agreement); (r) Liens on Company Stock; (s) Liens on assets of a Special Purpose Finance Subsidiary to secure Indebtedness incurred by such Special Purpose Finance Subsidiary; (t) matters expressly listed as exceptions to title or subordinate matters in the Administrative Agent s title insurance policies for such Mortgaged Properties; (u) Liens on the Collateral securing obligations in respect of Credit Agreement Refinancing Indebtedness and any Permitted Refinancing in respect thereof, and any Guarantee Obligations by the Guarantors in respect thereof; provided that an Other Debt Representative acting on behalf of the holders of such Indebtedness shall have become party to (i) if such Indebtedness is secured by a Lien on the Collateral that is pari passu (but without regard to the control of remedies) with the Liens securing the Obligations, a First Lien Intercreditor Agreement as a Senior Representative (or similar term, in each case, to be defined in the First Lien Intercreditor Agreement) or (ii) if such Indebtedness is secured by a Lien on the Collateral that is junior to the Liens securing the Obligations, a Junior Lien Intercreditor Agreement as a Junior Priority Representative (or similar term, in each case, to be defined in the Junior Lien Intercreditor Agreement); (v) Liens (i) in favor of customs and revenue authorities arising as a matter of law to secure payment of customs duties in connection with the importation of goods in the ordinary course of business or consistent with past practice or (ii) on specific items of inventory or other goods and proceeds of any Person securing such Person s obligations in respect of bankers acceptances or letters of credit issued or created for the account of such Person to facilitate the purchase, shipment or storage of such inventory or other goods in the ordinary course of business; (w) Liens (i) on cash or Cash Equivalents advanced in favor of the seller of any property to be acquired in an Investment permitted pursuant to Section 7.8 to be applied against the purchase price for such Investment or (ii) consisting of an agreement to Dispose of any property in a Disposition permitted under Section 7.5 (or, to dispose of any property in a transaction not constituting a Disposition hereunder to the extent such transaction is otherwise permitted under this Agreement); (x) Liens on property or assets acquired by a Loan Party or on property or assets of any Person which becomes a Subsidiary of a Loan Party, in any such case existing at the time of the acquisition thereof (including acquisition through merger or consolidation) and not incurred in contemplation of such acquisition; (y) Liens arising on any real property as a result of any eminent domain, condemnation or similar proceeding being commenced with respect to such real property; (z) (i) Liens on the Capital Stock of a Joint Venture securing obligations of such Joint Venture that are otherwise permitted under this Agreement and (ii) customary options, put and call 134 4877-1242-0416 

arrangements, rights of first refusal and similar rights relating to such Joint Venture under its joint venture agreement; (aa) (i) deposits made or other security provided to secure liabilities to insurance brokers, insurance carriers under insurance or self- insurance arrangements in the ordinary course of business or consistent with past practice and (ii) Liens on insurance policies and the proceeds thereof securing the financing of insurance premiums with respect thereto to the extent permitted hereunder; (bb) [reserved]; (cc) (i) Liens that are contractual rights of set-off or netting or pledge relating to (A) the establishment of depositary relations with banks or other financial institutions not granted in connection with the issuance of Indebtedness, (B) pooled deposit or sweep accounts of any Borrower and/or any Subsidiary to permit satisfaction of overdraft or similar obligations incurred in the ordinary course of business or consistent with past practice of any Borrower and/or any Subsidiary, (C) purchase orders and other agreements entered into with customers of any Borrower and/or any Subsidiary in the ordinary course of business or consistent with past practice and (D) commodity trading or other brokerage accounts incurred in the ordinary course of business, (ii) Liens encumbering reasonable customary initial deposits and margin deposits, (iii) bankers Liens and rights and remedies as to deposit accounts or similar accounts, (iv) Liens of a collection bank arising under Section 4-208 or Section 4-210 of the UCC (or any similar Requirement of Law of any jurisdiction) on items in the ordinary course of business, (v) Liens (including rights of set-off) in favor of banking or other financial institutions arising as a matter of law or under customary general terms and conditions encumbering deposits or other funds maintained with a financial institution and that are within the general parameters customary in the banking industry or arising pursuant to such banking institution s general terms and conditions and (vi) Liens on the proceeds of any Indebtedness permitted hereunder incurred in connection with any transaction permitted hereunder, which proceeds have been deposited into an escrow account on customary terms to secure such Indebtedness pending the application of such proceeds to finance such transaction or on cash or Cash Equivalents set aside at the time of the incurrence of such Indebtedness to the extent such cash or Cash Equivalents prefund the payment of interest or fees on such Indebtedness and are held in escrow pending application for such purpose; (dd) Liens in favor of any Governmental Authority to secure progress, advance or other payments pursuant to any contract or provision of any statute; (ee) Liens in connection with a Permitted Sale/Leaseback; provided that any such Lien shall encumber only the property interest subject to such Permitted Sale/Leaseback; and (ff) Liens securing obligations (other than obligations representing Indebtedness for borrowed money) under operating, reciprocal easement or similar agreements entered into in the ordinary course of business or consistent with past practice of any Borrower and/or their Subsidiaries; (gg) Liens on securities or other assets that are the subject of repurchase agreements constituting Investments permitted under Section 7.8 arising out of such repurchase transaction; (hh) Liens securing obligations in respect of letters of credit, bank guaranties, surety bonds, performance bonds or similar instruments permitted under Sections 7.2(r) and (x); (ii) Liens arising (i) out of conditional sale, title retention, consignment or similar arrangements for the sale of any assets or property and bailee arrangements in the ordinary course of 135 4877-1242-0416 

business and permitted by this Agreement or (ii) by operation of law under Article 2 of the UCC (or any similar Requirement of Law of any jurisdiction); (jj) Liens (i) in favor of any Domestic Loan Party and/or (ii) granted by any Subsidiary that is not a Domestic Loan Party in favor of any Subsidiary that is not a Domestic Loan Party, in the case of each of clauses (i) and (ii), securing intercompany Indebtedness permitted under Section 7.2 or Section 7.8 or securing other intercompany obligations not prohibited hereunder; (kk) Liens on cash or Cash Equivalents arising in connection with the defeasance, discharge or redemption of Indebtedness; (ll) undetermined or inchoate Liens, rights of distress and charges incidental to current operations that have not at such time been filed or exercised, or which relate to obligations not due or payable or, if due, the validity of such Liens are being contested in good faith by appropriate actions diligently conducted, if adequate reserves with respect thereto are maintained on the books of such Person in accordance with GAAP; (mm) [reserved]; (nn) security given to a public or private utility or any Governmental Authority as required in the ordinary course of business; (oo) receipt of progress payments and advances from customers in the ordinary course of business or consistent with past practice to the extent the same creates a Lien on the related inventory and proceeds; (pp) Liens on property or assets of Subsidiaries that are not Domestic Loan Parties securing Indebtedness of Subsidiaries that are not Domestic Loan Parties incurred pursuant to Section 7.2(n); (qq) Liens in the nature of the right of setoff in favor of counterparties to contractual agreements with any Borrower or any Subsidiary in the ordinary course of business; and (rr) Liens arising solely in connection with rights of dissenting equity holders pursuant to any Requirement of Law in respect of any acquisition or other similar Investment permitted hereunder. 7.4. Fundamental Changes. Enter into any merger, consolidation or amalgamation, or liquidate, wind up or dissolve itself (or suffer any liquidation or dissolution) or Dispose of all or substantially all of its property or business, except that: (a) (i) any Subsidiary of the Company may be merged or consolidated with or into the Company (provided that the Company shall be the continuing or surviving corporation) or with or into any Guarantor or any Subsidiary Borrower (provided that (x) if any such transaction is between a Guarantor and a Subsidiary that is not a Guarantor or, such Guarantor shall be the continuing or surviving entity and (y) if any such transaction is between a Subsidiary Borrower and any Subsidiary that is not a Subsidiary Borrower, such Subsidiary Borrower shall be the continuing or surviving entity) and (ii) any Subsidiary that is not a Guarantor may be merged with or into any other Subsidiary (provided that, (w) if any such transaction is between a Domestic Subsidiary and a Foreign Subsidiary that is not a Foreign Subsidiary Borrower, such Domestic Subsidiary shall be the continuing or surviving entity except to the extent permitted under Section 7.8, (x) if any such transaction is between a Foreign Subsidiary Borrower and a Foreign Subsidiary that is not a Foreign Subsidiary Borrower, such Foreign Subsidiary Borrower shall be the continuing or surviving entity and (y) if such transaction is between a 136 4877-1242-0416 

Foreign Subsidiary Borrower and a Domestic Subsidiary Borrower, such Domestic Subsidiary Borrower shall be the continuing or surviving entity ; (b) (i) any Subsidiary of the Company may Dispose of all or substantially all of its assets (upon voluntary liquidation or otherwise) to the Company or any Guarantor, (ii) any Foreign Subsidiary (other than any Foreign Subsidiary Borrower) may Dispose of all or substantially all of its assets upon voluntary liquidation or otherwise to any other Subsidiary and (iii) any Subsidiary of the Company may Dispose of all or substantially all of its assets pursuant to a Disposition permitted by Section 7.5 (other than pursuant to Section 7.5(c)); provided that, for the avoidance of doubt, any Subsidiary of the Company that only holds Capital Stock of other Subsidiaries of the Company (a Subsidiary Holding Company may consummate any sale of all or substantially all of its assets that would be permitted under this Section 7.4(b) with respect each such Subsidiary or Subsidiaries held by such Subsidiary Holding Company; and (c) any Subsidiary (other than a Subsidiary Borrower) may be liquidated as long as the proceeds of such liquidation (after satisfying all Contractual Obligations of such Subsidiary) are distributed to the holders of the Capital Stock of such Subsidiary on an approximately ratable basis (based on their respective equity ownership interests in such Subsidiary). 7.5. Disposition of Property. Dispose of any of its property or rights, whether now owned or hereafter acquired, except: (a) the Disposition of unnecessary, obsolete or worn out property ; (b) the sale of inventory or goods held for sale in the ordinary course of business; (c) Dispositions permitted by Section 7.4(b), and Dispositions to effect Restricted Payments and Investments permitted pursuant to Section 7.6 (other than Section 7.6(k)) or 7.8 (other than Section 7.8(z) and (ff)), respectively; provided that no Subsidiary may make a Disposition of any material Intellectual Property to any Unrestricted Subsidiary pursuant to this Section 7.5(c) unless such Disposition is to effect an Investment permitted pursuant to Section 7.8(ee); (d) non-exclusive licensing or sublicensing of Intellectual Property in the ordinary course of business; (e) any Permitted Receivables Financing or Supply Chain Financing; (f) Dispositions listed and described, to the extent in excess of 5,000,000, on Schedule 7.5 as in effect on the Closing Date; (g) any Disposition of assets (i) from one Domestic Loan Party to another Domestic Loan Party, (ii) from a Subsidiary to a Domestic Loan Party or (iii) from one Subsidiary that is not a Domestic Loan Party to another Subsidiary that is not a Domestic Loan Party; (h) the Disposition of other property not described in clauses (a)-(g) above or (i)-(hh) below for not less than fair market value as long as at least 75.0 of the consideration consists of cash and cash equivalents (provided that such minimum cash/cash equivalent requirement shall not apply to any Disposition or series of related Dispositions of property having a fair market value less than or equal to the greater of (x) 42,000,000 and (y) 10.0 of Consolidated EBITDA for the most recently ended Test Period) (provided that for purposes of such minimum cash/cash equivalent requirement, (v) the amount of any Indebtedness or other liabilities (other than Indebtedness or other liabilities that are subordinated 137 4877-1242-0416 

to the Obligations or that are owed to the Company or any Subsidiary) of the Company or any Subsidiary (as shown on such Person s most recent balance sheet (or in the notes thereto), or if the incurrence of such Indebtedness or other liability took place after the date of such balance sheet, that would have been shown on such balance sheet or in the notes thereto, as determined in good faith by the Company) that are (i) assumed by the transferee of any such assets and for which the Company and/or its applicable Subsidiary have been validly released by all relevant creditors in writing or (ii) otherwise cancelled or terminated in connection with such Disposition, (w) the amount of any trade-in value applied to the purchase price of any replacement assets acquired in connection with such Disposition, (x) any securities or other obligations or assets received by the Company or any Subsidiary from such transferee (including earn-outs or similar obligations) that are converted by such Person into cash or Cash Equivalents, or by their terms are required to be satisfied for cash or Cash Equivalents (to the extent of the cash or cash equivalents received) within 180 days following the closing of the applicable Disposition and (y) any Designated Non-Cash Consideration received in respect of such Disposition having an aggregate fair market value, taken together with all other Designated Non-Cash Consideration received pursuant to this clause (h) that is at that time outstanding, not in excess of the greater of 55,000,000 and 12.5 of Consolidated EBITDA as of the last day of the most recently ended Test Period); (i) the Company or any of its Subsidiaries may transfer or contribute ownership of the Capital Stock of any Foreign Subsidiary or Joint Venture or the assets of any Foreign Subsidiary or Joint Venture to the Company or a Subsidiary of the Company; (j) Dispositions of cash and/or Cash Equivalents or other assets that were cash and/or Cash Equivalents when the relevant original Investment was made; (k) the Company and its Subsidiaries may sell property pursuant to Permitted Sale/Leasebacks; (l) Dispositions of Investments in Joint Ventures to the extent required by, or made pursuant to, buy/sell arrangement between joint venture or similar parties set forth in the relevant joint venture arrangements or similar binding agreements; (m) the Disposition of the Capital Stock or assets of any Immaterial Subsidiary; (n) the sale by the Company and its Subsidiaries of bills of exchange of the Company and its Subsidiaries; (o) [reserved]; (p) Dispositions of non-core assets, in each case acquired in any acquisition or other Investment permitted hereunder, including such Dispositions (x) made in order to obtain the approval of any anti-trust authority or otherwise necessary or advisable in the good faith determination of the Company to consummate any acquisition or other Investment permitted hereunder or (y) which are being held for sale and not for the continued operation of any Borrower or any of their Subsidiaries or any of their respective businesses; (q) any other Disposition; provided that the aggregate fair market value of all Dispositions pursuant to this Section 7.8(q) does not exceed the greater of (x) 75,000,000 and (y) 17.5 of Consolidated EBITDA for the most recently ended Test Period; (r) the Company or any of its Subsidiaries may transfer or contribute ownership of the Capital Stock of any Foreign Subsidiary formed or organized under the laws of (a) any European country 138 4877-1242-0416 

or (b) any state, province, district or other subdivision of any such country, in each case to a Foreign Subsidiary that is a European holding company; (s) Dispositions of Company Stock; (t) exchanges or swaps, including transactions covered by Section 1031 of the Code (or any comparable provision of any foreign jurisdiction), of property or assets so long as any such exchange or swap is made for fair value (as determined by the Company in good faith) for like property or assets or property, assets or services of greater value or usefulness to the business of the Borrowers and their Subsidiaries as a whole, as determined in good faith by the Company; provided that upon the consummation of any such exchange or swap by any Loan Party, to the extent the property received does not constitute an Excluded Asset, the Administrative Agent has a perfected Lien with the same priority as the Lien held on the property or assets so exchanged or swapped; (u) Dispositions of accounts receivable in connection with the collection or compromise thereof in the ordinary course of business or consistent with past practice (which, for the avoidance of doubt, shall exclude receivable financing); (v) Transfers of property subject to a casualty event and Dispositions constituting expropriations or takings by a Governmental Authority; (w) the unwinding of Hedge Agreements permitted hereunder pursuant to their terms; (x) Dispositions of assets that do not constitute Collateral; provided that the aggregate fair market value of all Dispositions pursuant to this Section 7.8(x) does not exceed the greater of (x) 75,000,000 and (y) 17.5 of Consolidated EBITDA for the most recently ended Test Period; (y) Dispositions of in-plant maintenance, repair and operating and perishable tooling operations to third parties in connection with the outsourcing of such operations; (z) Dispositions, abandonments, cancellations or lapses of intellectual property or other intellectual property rights, including issuances or registrations thereof, or applications for issuances or registrations thereof, in the ordinary course of business or consistent with past practice or which, in the good faith determination of the Company, are not necessary to the conduct of the business of any Borrower or their Subsidiaries or are obsolete or no longer economical to maintain in light of their use; (aa) the expiration of any Intellectual Property in accordance with any statutory term that is not subject to renewal; (bb) Dispositions of Capital Stock of, or sales of Indebtedness or other securities of, Unrestricted Subsidiaries; (cc) Dispositions made to comply with any order or other directive of any Governmental Authority or any applicable Requirement of Law; (dd) [reserved]; (ee) Dispositions constituting any part of a Permitted Reorganization; (ff) any sale of motor vehicles and information technology equipment purchased at the end of an operating lease and resold thereafter; 139 4877-1242-0416 

(gg) any issuance, sale or Disposition of Capital Stock to directors, officers, managers or employees for purposes of satisfying requirements with respect to directors qualifying shares and shares issued to foreign nationals, in each case as required by applicable Requirements of Law; and (hh) any netting arrangement of accounts receivable between or among the any Borrower and their Subsidiaries or among Subsidiaries of any Borrower made in the ordinary course of business. Simultaneously with any transfer described in Section 7.5 (to the extent such transfer is to a Person that is not a Loan Party) of this Agreement, the Lien on and security interest created by the Loan Documents in the Capital Stock of the Subsidiaries so transferred or contributed will be automatically released and the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent shall take any action reasonably requested in writing by the Company to evidence such release. 7.6. Restricted Payments. Declare or pay any dividend (other than dividends payable solely in common stock or other applicable common equity interests of the Person making such dividend) on, or make any payment on account of, or set apart assets for a sinking or other analogous fund for, the purchase, redemption, defeasance, retirement or other acquisition of, any Capital Stock (but excluding any of the foregoing with respect to any debt security that is convertible into, or exchangeable for, Capital Stock) of the Company or any Subsidiary, whether now or hereafter outstanding, or make any other distribution in respect thereof, either directly or indirectly, whether in cash or property or in obligations of the Company or any Subsidiary (collectively, Restricted Payments ), except that: (a) any Subsidiary may make Restricted Payments to the Company, any Subsidiary or to any other Person (ratably based on such other Person s equity ownership in such Subsidiary) which owns Capital Stock of such Subsidiary; (b) so long as no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, the Company may purchase the Company s common stock held by any Permitted Payee upon the death, disability or termination of employment of such officer or employee; provided that the aggregate amount of Restricted Payments under this paragraph (b) in any fiscal year shall not exceed in the aggregate the greater of (x) 21,000,000 and (y) 5.0 of Consolidated EBITDA for the most recently ended Test Period; provided, further, that any amount not so made as a Restricted Payment in the fiscal year for which it is permitted may be carried over to be made as a Restricted Payment in subsequent fiscal years so long as the aggregate amount of all Restricted Payments made in reliance on this paragraph (b) in any fiscal year does not exceed the greater of (x) 42,000,000 and (y) 10.0 of Consolidated EBITDA for the most recently ended Test Period; (c) the Company may make Restricted Payments if, after giving effect thereto, the Total Leverage Ratio calculated on the date of incurrence thereof on a Pro Forma Basis would be less than 3.00 to 1.00 (it being understood that any Restricted Payment permitted at the time it was made shall be deemed to be permitted notwithstanding that the conditions specified in this paragraph (c) for such Restricted Payment may no longer be satisfied thereafter); provided that no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing or would result therefrom); (d) [reserved]; (e) the Company may withhold shares of Capital Stock of the Company from, and pay personal payroll taxes of employees in respect of vested restricted shares of, options to purchase and other equity incentive awards in respect of, the Capital Stock of the Company; 140 4877-1242-0416 

(f) [reserved]; (g) the Company may make additional Restricted Payments in an amount not to exceed the portion, if any, of the Available Amount on such date that the Company elects to apply to this clause (g); provided that no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing or would result therefrom; (h) the Company may make additional Restricted Payments in an aggregate amount pursuant to this paragraph (h), taken together with all other Restricted Payments previously made pursuant to this clause (h), not to exceed 350,000,000; (i) the Company may repurchase, redeem, acquire or retire Capital Stock upon (or make provisions for withholdings in connection with) (or make provisions for withholdings in connection with), the exercise of warrants, options or other securities convertible into or exchangeable for Capital Stock if such Capital Stock represents all or a portion of the exercise price of, or tax withholdings with respect to, such warrants, options or other securities convertible into or exchangeable for Capital Stock as part of a cashless exercise; (j) [reserved]; (k) to the extent constituting a Restricted Payment, the Company may consummate any transaction permitted by Section 7.5 (other than Sections 7.5(c)) and Section 7.8 (other than Section 7.8(z) and 7.8(ff)); (l) the Company may pay any dividend or other distribution or consummate any redemption within 60 days after the date of the declaration thereof or the provision of a redemption notice with respect thereto, as the case may be, if at the date of such declaration or notice, the dividend, distribution or redemption contemplated by such declaration or redemption notice would have complied with the provisions of this Section 7.6; (m) the Company may make additional Restricted Payments constituting any part of a Permitted Reorganization; (n) the Company may make a distribution, by dividend or otherwise, of the Capital Stock of any Unrestricted Subsidiary (or a Subsidiary that owns one or more Unrestricted Subsidiaries; provided that such Subsidiary owns no assets other than Capital Stock of one or more Unrestricted Subsidiaries and immaterial assets incidental to the ownership thereof); (o) the Company may make payments and distributions to satisfy dissenters rights (including in connection with, or as a result of, the exercise of appraisal rights and the settlement of any claims or actions (whether actual, contingent or potential)), pursuant to or in connection with any acquisition, merger, consolidation, amalgamation or Disposition that complies with Section 7.5 or any other transaction permitted hereunder; (p) [reserved]; and (q) the Company may make a Restricted Payment in respect of required withholding or similar non-U.S. Taxes with respect to any Permitted Payee and any repurchases of Capital Stock in consideration of such payments, including deemed repurchases in connection with the exercise of stock options or the issuance of restricted stock units or similar stock based awards. 7.7. [Reserved]. 141 4877-1242-0416 

7.8. Investments. Make any advance, loan, extension of credit (by way of guaranty or otherwise) or capital contribution to, or purchase any Capital Stock, bonds, notes, debentures or other debt securities of, or any assets constituting a business unit of, or make any other investment in, any Person (all of the foregoing, Investments ), except: (a) extensions of trade credit in the ordinary course of business or consistent with past practice; (b) investments in Cash Equivalents; (c) (i) Guarantee Obligations permitted by Section 7.2 and (ii) Guarantee Obligations arising in the ordinary course of business or consistent with past practice with respect to other obligations that do not constitute Indebtedness; (d) loans and advances to employees of the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company in the ordinary course of business or consistent with past practice (including for travel, entertainment and relocation expenses) in an aggregate amount for the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company not to exceed the greater of (x) 21,000,000 and (y) 5.0 of Consolidated EBITDA for the most recently ended Test Period at any one time outstanding; (e) Guarantee Obligations by any Domestic Loan Party of Indebtedness of any Subsidiary that is not a Domestic Loan Party; provided that the aggregate amount of such Guarantee Obligations, together with the aggregate amount of Investments by Domestic Loan Parties made pursuant to the proviso to Section 7.8(f) or 7.8(j), shall not exceed the greater of (x) 160,000,000 and (y) 37.5 of Consolidated EBITDA for the most recently ended Test Period at any one time outstanding; (f) intercompany Investments by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries in the Company or any Person that, prior to such investment, is a Subsidiary; provided that the aggregate amount of Investments by Domestic Loan Parties in Subsidiaries that are not Domestic Loan Parties under this clause (f), together with the aggregate amount of Investments by Domestic Loan Parties made pursuant to the proviso to Section 7.8(j) and Guarantee Obligations pursuant to Section 7.8(e), shall not exceed the greater of (x) 160,000,000 and (y) 37.5 of Consolidated EBITDA for the most recently ended Test Period at any one time outstanding; (g) Investments in Joint Ventures or in any Person who, prior to the Investment, is not a Subsidiary and who becomes, as a result of the Investment, a Subsidiary that is not a Wholly Owned Subsidiary or in any other Subsidiary that is not a Domestic Loan Party in an aggregate amount pursuant to this Section 7.8(g) not to exceed the greater of (x) 65,000,000 and (y) 15.0 of Consolidated EBITDA for the most recently ended Test Period at any one time outstanding plus, in each case, all dividends, distributions, interest, payments, returns of capital, repayments of other amounts received in cash, by the Domestic Loan Parties from Joint Ventures and Persons who become a Subsidiary as a result of such Investment or from such other Subsidiaries that are not Loan Parties; (h) Investments in existence on the Closing Date listed, to the extent in excess of 5,000,000, on Schedule 7.8(h); provided that no such Investment is increased except as permitted by the other provisions of this Section 7.8; (i) each Finance Subsidiary may execute and deliver one or more promissory notes (having terms customary for similar notes issued in transactions similar to a Permitted Receivables Financing) to the Company and its Subsidiaries representing the purchase price of receivables sold to such Finance Subsidiary in a Permitted Receivables Financing, and the Company and its Subsidiaries may contribute 142 4877-1242-0416 

receivables and other assets of the type referred to in the definition of Permitted Receivables Financing to the capital of any Finance Subsidiary in connection with a Permitted Receivables Financing; (j) acquisitions as long as, after giving effect thereto, the Company would be in Ppro Fforma Ccompliance with the covenants in Section 7.1 for the most recently ended Test Period (in the case of any acquisition made in reliance on this Section 7.8(j) that is a Material Acquisition, after giving effect to any step-up applicable to Section 7.1(a) to the extent that the first Test Period ending after the date of the consummation of such Material Acquisition would be an Increased Test Period in accordance with the terms of Section 7.1(a)); provided that the aggregate cash consideration paid or payable by a Domestic Loan Party for all acquisitions of (1) Subsidiaries that are not Domestic Loan Parties or (2) all or substantially all the assets of a person or division or line of business of a person that are not held by a Domestic Loan Party shall not exceed together with the aggregate amount of Investments by Domestic Loan Parties made pursuant to the proviso to Section 7.8(f) and Guarantee Obligations pursuant to Section 7.8(e), the greater of (x) 160,000,000 and (y) 37.5 of Consolidated EBITDA for the most recently ended Test Period at any one time outstanding ; (k) Investments if, after giving effect thereto, the Total Leverage Ratio calculated on the date of incurrence thereof on a Pro Forma Basis would be less than 3.25 to 1.00 (it being understood that any Investment permitted at the time it was made shall be deemed to be permitted notwithstanding that the conditions specified in this paragraph (k) for such Investment may no longer be satisfied thereafter); provided that no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing or would result therefrom; (l) Investments by the Company and/or any of its Subsidiaries in an aggregate outstanding amount not to exceed the portion, if any, of the Available Amount on such date that the Company elects to apply to this clause (l); provided that no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing or would result therefrom; (m) non-cash consideration received, to the extent permitted by the Loan Documents, in connection with the disposition of property permitted by this Agreement; (n) Investments consisting of extensions of credit in the nature of accounts receivable, notes receivable arising from the grant of trade credit, and guarantees for the benefit of existing or potential suppliers, customers, distributors, licensors, licensees, lessees and lessors, in each case in the ordinary course of business or consistent with past practice, and Investments received in satisfaction or partial satisfaction thereof from financially troubled account debtors ; (o) Hedge Agreements entered into not for speculative purposes; (p) deposit accounts and securities accounts maintained in the ordinary course of business, and to the extent constituting an Investment, Cash Management Obligations and Cash Pooling Agreements; (q) additional Investments by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries in an aggregate amount (valued at cost) (for all Investments by the Company and all Subsidiaries pursuant to this clause (q)) not to exceed the greater of (x) 105,000,000 and (y) 25.0 of Consolidated EBITDA for the most recently ended Test Period at any one time outstanding; (r) [reserved]. 143 4877-1242-0416 

(s) Investments held by a Person that is acquired and becomes a Subsidiary or of a Person merged or amalgamated or consolidated into any Subsidiary, in each case after the Closing Date and which acquisition, merger, amalgamation or consolidation is permitted in accordance with another provision of this Section 7.8, to the extent that such Investments held by such Person were not made in contemplation of or in connection with such acquisition, merger, amalgamation or consolidation, and were in existence on the date of such acquisition, merger, amalgamation or consolidation; (t) any Investments in a Joint Venture to the extent such Investment is substantially contemporaneously repaid in full with a dividend or other distribution from such Joint Venture; (u) to the extent that they constitute Investments, purchases and acquisitions of inventory, supplies, materials or equipment or purchases, acquisitions, licenses (or other grants or rights to use or exploit) or leases of other assets, Intellectual Property, or other rights, in each case in the ordinary course of business or consistent with past practice; (v) Investments maintained in connection with any Loan Party s deferred compensation plan in the ordinary course of business; (w) Investments consisting of rebates and extensions of credit in the nature of accounts receivable or notes receivable arising from the grant of trade credit in the ordinary course of business or consistent with past practice; (x) any Investments acquired by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries: (i) in exchange for any other Investment or accounts receivables held by the Company or any such Subsidiary in connection with or as a result of a bankruptcy, workout, reorganization or recapitalization of, or settlement or delinquent accounts and disputes with or judgments against, the issuer of such Investment or accounts receivable; (ii) as a result of a foreclosure by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries with respect to any secured Investment or other transfer of title with respect to any secured Investment in default; (iii) as a result of the settlement, compromise or resolution of litigation, arbitration or other disputes with Persons who are not Affiliates; or (iv) in settlement of debts created in the ordinary course of business; (y) Investments in prepaid expenses, negotiable instruments held for collection and lease, utility and works compensation, performance and similar deposits in each case entered into as a result of the operations of the business in the ordinary course; (z) Investments in notes receivables payable to the Company or any Subsidiary by the purchasers of assets purchased pursuant to Dispositions permitted in accordance with Section 7.5; (aa) [reserved]; (bb) Investments by the Company in any Subsidiary consisting of reimbursement obligations of the Company in respect of the issuance of Letters of Credit for the account of such Subsidiary hereunder to support obligations of such Subsidiary; 144 4877-1242-0416 

(cc) [reserved]; (dd) to the extent they constitute Investments, any letters of credit issued or created by the Company or its Subsidiaries pursuant to Sections 7.2(aa) or (cc); (ee) Investments in Unrestricted Subsidiaries in an aggregate amount pursuant to this Section 7.8(ee) not to exceed the greater of (x) 65,000,000 and (y) 15.0 of Consolidated EBITDA for the most recently ended Test Period plus, in each case, all dividends, distributions, interest, payments, returns of capital, repayments of other amounts received in cash, by the Domestic Loan Parties from Unrestricted Subsidiaries; (ff) Investments consisting of (or resulting from) Indebtedness permitted under Section 7.2, Liens permitted under Section 7.3, Restricted Payments permitted under Section 7.6 (other than Section 7.6(k)), Restricted Debt Payments permitted by Section 7.15 and Dispositions permitted by Section 7.5 (other than Section 7.5(c)); (gg) Investments in the ordinary course of business consisting of endorsements for collection or deposit and customary trade arrangements with customers, vendors, suppliers, licensors, sublicensors, licensees and sublicensees; (hh) [reserved]; (ii) (i) Gguarantees of leases or subleases (in each case other than Capitalfinance Lleases) or of other obligations not constituting Indebtedness, (ii) Gguarantees of the lease obligations of suppliers, customers, franchisees and licensees of the Company and/or its Subsidiaries, in each case, in the ordinary course of business or consistent with past practice and (iii) Investments consisting of guarantees of any supplier s obligations in respect of commodity contracts solely to the extent such commodities related to the materials or products to be purchased by the Company or any Subsidiary; (jj) Investments in Subsidiaries in connection with any Permitted Reorganization; (kk) [reserved]; (ll) unfunded pension fund and other employee benefit plan obligations and liabilities to the extent that they are permitted to remain unfunded under applicable Requirements of Law; (mm) Investments consisting of the licensing, sublicensing or contribution of any intellectual property or other intellectual property rights pursuant to joint marketing, collaboration or other similar arrangements with other Persons; (nn) contributions in connection with compensation arrangements to a rabbi trust for the benefit of employees, directors, partners, members, consultants, independent contractors or other service providers or other grantor trust subject to claims of creditors in the case of a bankruptcy of any Borrower or any of their Subsidiaries; (oo) Investments consisting of earnest money deposits required in connection with purchase agreements or other acquisitions or Investments otherwise permitted under this Section 7.8 and any other pledges or deposits permitted by Section 7.3; (pp) Term Loans repurchased by the Company or a Subsidiary pursuant to and subject to immediate cancellation in accordance with this Agreement; and 145 4877-1242-0416 

(qq) Guarantee Obligations of any Borrower or any Subsidiary in respect of letters of support, guarantees or similar obligations issued, made or incurred for the benefit of any Subsidiary of any Borrower to the extent required by law or in connection with any statutory filing or the delivery of audit opinions performed in jurisdictions other than within the United States. Any Investment that when made complies with the requirements of the definition of the term Cash Equivalents may continue to be held notwithstanding that such Investment if made thereafter would not comply with such requirements. Notwithstanding the foregoing, no Investment consisting of or resulting from any transfer or other Disposition of any material Intellectual Property by the Company or any Subsidiary may be made to an Unrestricted Subsidiary except pursuant to clause (ee) above. 7.9. [Reserved]. 7.10. Transactions with Affiliates. Enter into or suffer to exist any transaction, including any purchase, sale, lease or exchange of property, the rendering of any service or the payment of any management, advisory or similar fees with any non-consolidated Affiliate involving aggregate payments or consideration in excess of 15,000,000; provided that the foregoing restriction shall not apply to: (a) the Transactions; (b) transactions or agreements between the Company and/or its Subsidiaries; (c) transactions in effect on the Closing Date listed, to the extent in excess of 5,000,000, on Schedule 7.10 and any amendment, modification or extension to the agreements governing such transactions to the extent such amendment, modification or extension, taken as a whole, is not materially (i) adverse to the Lenders or (ii) more disadvantageous to the Lenders than the relevant transaction in existence on the Closing Date; (d) [reserved]; (e) transactions that (a) are upon fair and reasonable terms not materially less favorable to the Company or such Subsidiary, as the case may be, than it would obtain in a comparable arm s length transaction with a Person that is not a non-consolidated Affiliate or (b) if in the good faith judgment of the board of directors of the Company no comparable transaction is available with which to compare such transaction, such transaction is fair to the Company or such Subsidiary from a financial point of view; (f) any issuance, sale or grant of securities or other payments, awards or grants in cash, securities or otherwise pursuant to, or the funding of, employment arrangements, stock options and stock ownership plans approved by the board of directors (or equivalent governing body) of the Company or any Subsidiary; (g) (i) any collective bargaining, employment, indemnification, expense reimbursement or severance agreement or compensatory (including profit sharing) arrangement entered into by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries with any Permitted Payee, (ii) any subscription agreement or similar agreement pertaining to the repurchase of Capital Stock pursuant to put/call rights or similar rights with any Permitted Payee and (iii) payments or other transactions pursuant to any management equity plan, employee compensation, benefit plan, stock option plan or arrangement, equity holder arrangement, 146 4877-1242-0416 

supplemental executive retirement benefit plan, any health, disability or similar insurance plan, or any employment contract or arrangement which covers any Permitted Payee and payments pursuant thereto; (h) Gguarantees permitted by Section 7.2, Restricted Payments permitted under Section 7.6 (other than Section 7.6(k)), Investments permitted under Section 7.8 (other than Section 7.8(z) and Section 7.8(ff)) and Restricted Debt Payments permitted by Section 7.15); (i) (i) the formation of a joint venture or similar entity (and Investments permitted in connection therewith), which would constitute a transaction with an Affiliate solely as a result of the Company or any Subsidiary owning Capital Stock of, or otherwise controlling, such joint venture or similar entity and (ii) transactions with any Person that is an Affiliate solely because a director or officer of such Person is a director or officer of the Company or any Subsidiary; (j) the payment of customary fees and reasonable out-of-pocket costs to, and indemnities provided on behalf of, members of the board of directors (or similar governing body), officers, employees, members of management, managers, consultants and independent contractors of the Company and/or any of its Subsidiaries in the ordinary course of business; (k) any transaction in respect of which the Company delivers to the Administrative Agent a letter addressed to the board of directors (or equivalent governing body) of the Company from an accounting, appraisal or investment banking firm of nationally recognized standing stating that such transaction is fair to the Company or such Subsidiary from a financial point of view or stating that the terms, when taken as a whole, are not substantially less favorable to the Company or the applicable Subsidiary than might be obtained at the time in a comparable arm s length transaction from a Person who is not an Affiliate; (l) (i) Investments by Affiliates in securities or other Indebtedness of the Company or any Subsidiary (and payment of reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred by such Affiliates in connection therewith) so long as the Investment is being offered by the Company or such Subsidiary generally to other investors on the same or more favorable terms and (ii) payments to Affiliates in respect of securities or other Indebtedness of the Company or any Subsidiary contemplated in the foregoing subclause (i) or that were acquired from Persons other than the Company and the Subsidiaries, in each case, in accordance with the terms of such securities or other Indebtedness; (m) [reserved]; and (n) transactions undertaken in the ordinary course of business or consistent with past practice pursuant to membership in a purchasing consortium. 7.11. Sales and Leasebacks. Enter into or suffer to exist any arrangement with any Person providing for the leasing by the Company or any Subsidiary of real or personal property that has been or is to be sold or transferred in a related transaction by the Company or such Subsidiary to such Person or to any other Person to whom funds have been or are to be advanced by such Person on the security of such property or rental obligations of the Company or such Subsidiary; provided that any such transaction shall be permitted so long as (i) such transaction is on an arm s length basis and (ii) the resulting Indebtedness is permitted by Section 7.2; provided that no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing or would result therefrom and such sale/leaseback shall be for no less than the fair market value of such property at the time of such sale/leaseback as determined by the Company in good faith (collectively, the Permitted Sale/Leasebacks (the Company agreeing that all Permitted Sale/Leasebacks shall be Asset Sales and any Lien on or security interests in any such property created by the Loan Documents shall be automatically released upon consummation of such Permitted 147 4877-1242-0416 

Sale/Leasebacks and the Collateral Agent shall take any action reasonably requested by the Company to evidence such release). 7.12. Changes in Fiscal Periods. Permit the fiscal year of the Company to end on a day other than the day that results in the nearest Saturday closest to December 31 of each year; provided, however, that the Company may, upon written notice to the Administrative Agent, change the financial reporting convention above to (x) a calendar year-end convention or (y) any other financial reporting convention reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent, in which case, the Company and the Administrative Agent will, and are hereby authorized by the Lenders to, make any amendments to this Agreement that are necessary, in the reasonable judgment of the Administrative Agent and the Company, to reflect such change in fiscal year. 7.13. Negative Pledge Clauses. Enter into or suffer to exist or become effective any agreement that prohibits or limits the ability of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries (other than Excluded Subsidiaries (except to the extent any Subsidiary is an Excluded Subsidiary solely pursuant to clause (iii) of the definition thereof)) to create, incur, assume or suffer to exist any Lien upon any of its property (other than Company Stock and other Excluded Assets) or revenues, whether now owned or hereafter acquired, to secure its obligations under the Loan Documents to which it is a party other than: (a) this Agreement and the other Loan Documents; (b) any agreements governing secured Indebtedness permitted hereby (in which case, any prohibition or limitation shall only be effective against the assets securing such Indebtedness) or Permitted Receivables Financings or Supply Chain Financings (in which case, any prohibition or limitation shall only be effective against the assets included in such Permitted Receivables Financing or Supply Chain Financings); (c) restrictions by reason of customary provisions restricting assignments, subletting, licensing, sublicensing or other transfers (including the granting of any Lien) contained in leases, subleases, licenses, sublicenses, joint venture agreements, asset sale agreements, trading, netting, operating, construction, service, supply, purchase, sale or other agreements entered into in the ordinary course of business or consistent with past practice (each of the foregoing, a Covered Agreement (provided that such restrictions are limited to the relevant Covered Agreement and/or the property or assets secured by such Liens or the property or assets subject to such Covered Agreement); (d) customary restrictions on the creation of Liens on any property or assets arising under a security agreement governing a Lien permitted under this Agreement; (e) customary restrictions and conditions contained in agreements relating to the sale of a Subsidiary or any assets pending such sale; provided such restrictions and conditions apply only to the Subsidiary or assets that are to be sold and such sale is permitted hereunder; (f) customary restrictions in Intellectual Property license agreements; (g) any encumbrance or restriction assumed in connection with an acquisition of the property or Capital Stock of any Person, so long as such encumbrance or restriction relates solely to the Person and its subsidiaries (including the Capital Stock of the relevant Person or Persons) and/or property so acquired (or to the Person or Persons (and its or their subsidiaries) bound thereby) and was not created in contemplation of such acquisition; 148 4877-1242-0416 

(h) restrictions imposed by customary provisions in partnership agreements, limited liability company organizational governance documents, joint venture agreements and other similar agreements (i) relating to the transfer of the assets of, or ownership interests in, the relevant partnership, limited liability company, joint venture or any similar Person (or any shell company Company with respect thereto), (ii) relating to such joint venture or its members and/or (iii) otherwise entered into in the ordinary course of business; (i) restrictions on cash or other deposits permitted under Section 7.3 and/or 7.8 and any net worth or similar requirements, including such restrictions or requirements imposed by Persons under contracts entered into in the ordinary course of business or for whose benefit such cash or other deposits or net worth requirements exist; (j) restrictions (i) set forth in documents which exist on the Closing Date or (ii) which are contemplated as of the Closing Date and, in the case of this clause (ii), to the extent the assets or property subject to such restriction are in excess of 5,000,000, set forth on Schedule 7.13; (k) restrictions arising under or as a result of applicable Requirements of Law or the terms of any license, authorization, concession or permit issued or granted by a Governmental Authority; (l) restrictions with respect to any Subsidiary that was previously an Unrestricted Subsidiary, pursuant to or by reason of an agreement that such Subsidiary is a party to or entered into before the date on which such Subsidiary became a Subsidiary; provided that such agreement was not entered into in anticipation of such Subsidiary or such Unrestricted Subsidiary becoming a Subsidiary and any such restriction does not extend to any assets or property of the Company or any other Subsidiary other than the assets and property of such Subsidiary; (m) [reserved]; (n) other restrictions or encumbrances imposed by any amendment, modification, restatement, renewal, increase, supplement, refunding, replacement or refinancing of the contracts, instruments or obligations referred to in the preceding clauses of this Section 7.13; provided that no such amendment, modification, restatement, renewal, increase, supplement, refunding, replacement or refinancing is, in the good faith judgment of the Company, materially more restrictive with respect to such encumbrances and other restrictions, taken as a whole, than those in effect prior to the relevant amendment, modification, restatement, renewal, increase, supplement, refunding, replacement or refinancing. 7.14. Lines of Business. Enter into any material business, either directly or through any Subsidiary, except for those businesses substantially similar to the businesses in which the Company and its Subsidiaries are engaged on the Closing Date, after giving effect to the Transactions, or that are reasonably related, complementary, synergistic or ancillary thereto or reasonable extensions thereof. 7.15. Optional Payments and Modifications of Subordinated Indebtedness. (i) Make or agree to pay or make, directly or indirectly, any payment or other distribution (whether in cash, securities or other property) of or in respect of principal of or interest on any Subordinated Indebtedness, or any payment or other distribution (whether in cash, securities or other property), including any sinking fund or similar deposit, on account of the purchase, redemption, retirement, acquisition, defeasance, cancelation or termination of such Subordinated Indebtedness (collectively, Restricted Debt Payments ), or (ii) amend, modify, waive or otherwise change, or consent or agree to any amendment, modification, waiver or other change to, any of the terms of any agreement, instrument or other document evidencing Subordinated Indebtedness (other than any such amendment, modification, waiver or other 149 4877-1242-0416 

change that is not in the reasonable judgment of the Company materially adverse to the Lenders); provided that so long as no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, the Company may: (a) make regularly scheduled interest and principal payments as and when due in respect of any Subordinated Indebtedness, other than payments prohibited by the subordination provisions thereof; (b) refinance Subordinated Indebtedness with the Net Cash Proceeds of a Permitted Refinancing; (c) make payments of or in respect of Subordinated Indebtedness made solely with the Net Cash Proceeds of Qualified Capital Stock issued by the Company after the Closing Date; (d) (A) convert any Subordinated Indebtedness into Qualified Capital Stock and (B) to the extent constituting a Restricted Debt Payment, pay payment-in-kind interest with respect to any Indebtedness that is permitted under Section 7.2; (e) make Restricted Debt Payments in an aggregate amount not to exceed the portion, if any, of the Available Amount on such date that the Company elects to apply to this clause (e); provided that no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing or would result therefrom; (f) make additional payments of or in respect of Subordinated Indebtedness; provided that the aggregate principal amount of such payments pursuant to this clause (f) may not exceed the greater of (x) 55,000,000 and (y) 12.5 of Consolidated EBITDA for the most recently ended Test Period; (g) make unlimited Restricted Debt Payments at any time the Total Leverage Ratio is equal to or less than 3.00 to 1.00 calculated on the date of incurrence thereof on a Pro Forma Basis after giving effect to such payment (it being understood and agreed that any fee, premium or expense paid or payable in connection with such payment shall not be subject to or included within the calculation of such amount); and (h) make payments as part of, or to enable another Person to make, an applicable high yield discount obligation catch-up payment. 7.16. Use of Proceeds. Request any Loan or Letter of Credit, and no Borrower nor any Subsidiary shall use, and shall use commercially reasonable efforts to procure that its Subsidiaries and its or their respective directors, officers, employees and agents shall not use, the proceeds of any Loan or Letter of Credit (a) in furtherance of an offer, payment, promise to pay, or authorization of the payment or giving of money, or anything else of value, to any Person in violation of any Anti-Corruption Laws, (b) for the purpose of directly or, to any Borrower s Knowledge, indirectly funding, financing or facilitating any activities, business or transaction of or with any Sanctioned Person, or in any Sanctioned Country, except to the extent permitted for a Person required to comply with Sanctions, or (c) in any manner that would result in the violation of any Sanctions applicable to any party hereto. The foregoing clauses (b) and (c) of this Section 7.16 will not apply to any party hereto to which the Blocking Regulation applies, if and the extent that such representations are or would be unenforceable by or in respect of that party pursuant to, or would otherwise result in a breach and/or violation of, (i) any provision of the Blocking Regulation (or any law or regulation implementing the Blocking Regulation in any member state of the European Union) or (ii) any similar blocking or anti-boycott law in the United Kingdom. 150 4877-1242-0416 

SECTION 8. EVENTS OF DEFAULT If any of the following events shall occur and be continuing: (a) (i) any Borrower shall fail to pay any principal of any Loan or Reimbursement Obligation when due in accordance with the terms hereof; or (ii) any Borrower shall fail to pay any interest on any Loan or Reimbursement Obligation, or any other amount payable hereunder or under any other Loan Document, in the case of this clause (ii), within five Business Days after any such interest or other amount becomes due in accordance with the terms hereof; or (b) any representation or warranty made or deemed made by any Loan Party herein or in any other Loan Document shall prove to have been inaccurate in any material respect on or as of the date made or deemed made and, to the extent capable of being corrected, such inaccuracy is not corrected on or prior to 30 days from the earlier of (x) the first date a Responsible Officer of the Company has Knowledge of such inaccuracy and (y) the date on which the Company received notice thereof from the Administrative Agent or the Required Lenders of such misrepresentation; or (c) any Loan Party shall default in the observance or performance of any agreement contained in clause (i) or (ii) of Section 6.4(a) (in each case with respect to legal existence of any Borrower only), Section 6.7(a) or Section 7 of this Agreement ; or (d) any Loan Party shall default in the observance or performance of any other agreement contained in this Agreement or any other Loan Document (other than as provided in paragraphs (a) through (c) of this Section), and such default shall continue unremedied for a period of 30 days after receipt of notice thereof by the Company from the Administrative Agent or the Required Lenders; or (e) the Company or any of its Subsidiaries shall (i) default in making any payment of any principal of any Indebtedness (including any Guarantee Obligation, but excluding the Loans and Reimbursement Obligations) on the scheduled or original due date with respect thereto or any interest on any such Indebtedness, in each case, beyond the period of grace, if any, provided in the instrument or agreement under which such Indebtedness was created or (ii) default in the observance or performance of any other agreement or condition relating to any such Indebtedness or contained in any instrument or agreement evidencing, securing or relating thereto, or any other event shall occur or condition exist, in each case of clauses (i) or (ii) the effect of which default or other event or condition is to cause, or to permit the holder or beneficiary of such Indebtedness (or a trustee or agent on behalf of such holder or beneficiary) to cause, with the giving of notice if required, such Indebtedness to become due prior to its stated maturity or (in the case of any such Indebtedness constituting a Guarantee Obligation) to become payable; provided, that a default, event or condition described in clause (i) or (ii) of this paragraph (e) shall not at any time constitute an Event of Default unless, at such time, one or more defaults, events or conditions of the type described in clauses (i) or (ii) of this paragraph (e) shall have occurred and be continuing with respect to Indebtedness the aggregate outstanding principal amount of which exceeds in the aggregate of 75,000,000 for the Company and its Subsidiaries; or (f) (i) the Company or any of Significant Subsidiaries shall commence any case, proceeding or other action (A) under any existing or future law of any jurisdiction, domestic or foreign, relating to bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or relief of debtors, seeking to have an order for relief entered with respect to it, or seeking to adjudicate it a bankrupt or insolvent, or seeking reorganization, arrangement, adjustment, winding-up, liquidation, dissolution, composition or other relief with respect to it or its debts, except for any such case, proceeding or action in connection with any liquidation or dissolution otherwise permitted pursuant to Section 7.4 of this Agreement, or (B) seeking appointment of a receiver, trustee, custodian, conservator or other similar official for it or for all or any substantial part 151 4877-1242-0416 

of its assets, or the Company or any of its Significant Subsidiaries shall make a general assignment for the benefit of its creditors; or (ii) there shall be commenced against the Company or any of its Significant Subsidiaries any case, proceeding or other action of a nature referred to in clause (i) above that (A) results in the entry of an order for relief or any such adjudication or appointment or (B) remains undismissed, undischarged or unbonded for a period of 60 days; provided that in the case of any Swiss Borrower, any debt enforcement proceeding (Betreibung) which has not led to a notice of bankruptcy (Betreibungsandrohung) shall not constitute an Event of Default; or (iii) there shall be commenced against the Company or any of its Significant Subsidiaries any case, proceeding or other action seeking issuance of a warrant of attachment, execution, distraint or similar process against all or any substantial part of its assets that results in the entry of an order for any such relief that shall not have been vacated, discharged, or stayed or bonded pending appeal within 60 days from the entry thereof; or (iv) the Company or any of its Significant Subsidiaries shall take any corporate action in furtherance of, or indicating its consent to, approval of, or acquiescence in, any of the acts set forth in clause (i), (ii), or (iii) above; or (v) the Company or any of its Significant Subsidiaries shall generally not, or shall be unable to, or shall admit in writing its inability to, pay its debts as they become due; or (g) (i) any Person shall engage in any prohibited transaction (as defined in Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code) involving any Plan, (ii) any accumulated funding deficiency or failure to meet the minimum funding standards (each as defined in Section 412 of the Code or 302 of ERISA), whether or not waived, shall exist with respect to any Single Employer Plan or any Lien in favor of the PBGC or a Plan shall arise on the assets of the Company or any Commonly Controlled Entity, (iii) a Reportable Event shall occur with respect to, or proceedings shall commence to have a trustee appointed, or a trustee shall be appointed, to administer or to terminate, any Single Employer Plan, which Reportable Event or commencement of proceedings or appointment of a trustee would reasonably be expected to result in the termination of such Plan for purposes of Title IV of ERISA, (iv) any Single Employer Plan shall terminate for purposes of Title IV of ERISA, (v) the Company or any Commonly Controlled Entity shall, or would reasonably be expected to, incur any liability in connection with a withdrawal from, or the Insolvency of, a Multiemployer Plan or (vi) any other event or condition shall occur or exist with respect to a Plan; and in each case in clauses (i) through (vi) above, such event or condition, together with all other such events or conditions, if any, could be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; or (h) one or more judgments or decrees shall be entered against the Company or any of its Subsidiaries involving in the aggregate for the Company and its Subsidiaries a liability (not covered by insurance as to which the relevant insurance company has not denied coverage) of 75,000,000 or more, and all such judgments or decrees shall not have been vacated, discharged, stayed or bonded pending appeal within 60 days from the entry thereof (it being understood that, notwithstanding the definition of Default, no Default shall be triggered solely by the rendering of a judgment or judgments prior to the lapse of such 60 day period so long as such judgments are capable of satisfaction by payment at any time); or (i) any of the Security Documents shall cease, for any reason, to be in full force and effect, or any Loan Party shall so assert in writing, or any Lien created by any of the Security Documents shall cease to be enforceable and of the same effect and priority purported to be created thereby on a material portion of the Collateral, except to the extent that such cessation results from the failure of the Collateral Agent to maintain possession of certificates representing securities pledged or to file continuation statements under the Uniform Commercial Code of any applicable jurisdiction; 152 4877-1242-0416 

(j) any material portion of the guarantees contained in the Guarantee Agreement, taken as a whole, shall cease, for any reason, to be in full force and effect (other than as permitted in a Loan Document or in accordance with its terms) or any Loan Party shall so assert; or (k) (i) any person or group (as such terms are used in Sections 13(d) and 14(d) of the Exchange Act), shall become the beneficial owner (as defined in Rules 13(d)-3 and 13(d)-5 under the Exchange Act), directly or indirectly, of more than 35.0 of the outstanding common voting stock of the Company; or (ii) the board of directors of the Company shall cease to consist of a majority of Continuing Directors (collectively, a Change of Control ). then, and in any such event, (A) if such event is an Event of Default specified in clause (i) or (ii) of paragraph (f) above with respect to any Borrower, automatically the Revolving Commitments shall immediately terminate and the Loans hereunder (with accrued interest thereon) and all other amounts owing under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents (including all amounts of L/C Obligations, whether or not the beneficiaries of the then outstanding Letters of Credit shall have presented the documents required thereunder) shall immediately become due and payable, and (B) if such event is any other Event of Default, either or both of the following actions may be taken: (i) with the consent of the Required Lenders, the Administrative Agent may, or upon the request of the Required Lenders, the Administrative Agent shall, by notice to the Borrowers declare the Revolving Commitments to be terminated forthwith, whereupon the Revolving Commitments thereof shall immediately terminate; and (ii) with the consent of the Required Lenders, the Administrative Agent may, or upon the request of the Required Lenders, the Administrative Agent shall, by notice to the Borrowers, declare the Loans hereunder (with accrued interest thereon) and all other amounts owing under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents (including all amounts of L/C Obligations, whether or not the beneficiaries of the then outstanding Letters of Credit shall have presented the documents required thereunder) to be due and payable forthwith, whereupon the same shall immediately become due and payable. With respect to all Letters of Credit with respect to which presentment for honor shall not have occurred at the time of an acceleration pursuant to this paragraph, each applicable Borrower shall at such time deposit in a cash collateral account opened by the Administrative Agent an amount equal to the aggregate then undrawn and unexpired amount of such Letters of Credit. Amounts held in such cash collateral account shall be applied by the Administrative Agent to the payment of drafts drawn under such Letters of Credit, and the unused portion thereof after all such Letters of Credit shall have expired or been fully drawn upon, if any, shall be applied to repay other obligations of each such Borrower hereunder and under the other Loan Documents. After all such Letters of Credit shall have expired or been fully drawn upon, all Reimbursement Obligations shall have been satisfied and all other obligations of the Borrowers hereunder and under the other Loan Documents shall have been paid in full, the balance, if any, in such cash collateral account shall be returned to the applicable Borrower(s) (or such other Person as may be lawfully entitled thereto). Except as expressly provided above in this Section, presentment, demand, protest and all other notices of any kind are hereby expressly waived by each Borrower. SECTION 9. THE AGENTS 9.1. Appointment. (a) Each Lender hereby irrevocably designates and appoints the Administrative Agent as the agent of such Lender under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, and each such Lender irrevocably authorizes the Administrative Agent, in such capacity, to take such action on its behalf under the provisions of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents and to exercise such powers and perform such duties as are expressly delegated to the Administrative Agent by the terms of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, together with such other powers as are reasonably incidental thereto. Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary elsewhere in this Agreement, the Administrative Agent shall not have any duties or responsibilities, except those expressly set forth herein, or any fiduciary relationship with any Lender, and no implied covenants, functions, 153 4877-1242-0416 

responsibilities, duties, obligations or liabilities shall be read into this Agreement or any other Loan Document or otherwise exist against the Administrative Agent. (b) The Administrative Agent shall also act as the collateral agent under the Loan Documents, and each of the Lenders and the Swingline Lender and each Issuing Lender hereby irrevocably appoints and authorizes the Administrative Agent to act as the agent of such Lender, Swingline Lender and Issuing Lender for purposes of acquiring, holding and enforcing any and all Liens on Collateral granted by any of the Loan Parties to secure any of the Obligations, together with such powers and discretion as are reasonably incidental thereto. 9.2. Delegation of Duties. The Administrative Agent may execute any of its duties under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents by or through agents or attorneys-in-fact and shall be entitled to advice of counsel concerning all matters pertaining to such duties. The Administrative Agent shall not be responsible for the negligence or misconduct of any agents or attorneys-in-fact selected by it with reasonable care. 9.3. Exculpatory Provisions. Neither any Agent nor any of their respective officers, directors, employees, agents, attorneys-in-fact or affiliates shall be (i) liable for any action lawfully taken or omitted to be taken by it or such Person under or in connection with this Agreement or any other Loan Document (except to the extent that any of the foregoing are found by a final and nonappealable decision of a court of competent jurisdiction to have resulted from its or such Person s own bad faith, gross negligence or willful misconduct) or (ii) responsible in any manner to any of the Lenders for any recitals, statements, representations or warranties made by any Loan Party or any officer thereof contained in this Agreement or any other Loan Document or in any certificate, report, statement or other document referred to or provided for in, or received by the Agents under or in connection with, this Agreement or any other Loan Document or for the value, validity, effectiveness, genuineness, enforceability or sufficiency of this Agreement or any other Loan Document or for any failure of any Loan Party a party thereto to perform its obligations hereunder or thereunder. The Agents shall not be under any obligation to any Lender to ascertain or to inquire as to the observance or performance of any of the agreements contained in, or conditions of, this Agreement or any other Loan Document, or to inspect the properties, books or records of any Loan Party. 9.4. Reliance by Administrative Agent. The Administrative Agent shall be entitled to rely, and shall be fully protected in relying, upon any instrument, writing, resolution, notice, consent, certificate, affidavit, letter, telecopy, telex or teletype message, statement, order or other document or conversation believed by it to be genuine and correct and to have been signed, sent or made by the proper Person or Persons and upon advice and statements of legal counsel (including counsel to the Borrowers), independent accountants and other experts selected by the Administrative Agent. The Administrative Agent may deem and treat the payee of any Note as the owner thereof for all purposes unless a written notice of assignment, negotiation or transfer thereof shall have been filed with the Administrative Agent. The Administrative Agent shall be fully justified in failing or refusing to take any action under this Agreement or any other Loan Document unless it shall first receive such advice or concurrence of the Required Lenders (or, if so specified by this Agreement, all Lenders) if the Administrative Agent believes in good faith that such action shall expose it to liability or it shall first be indemnified to its satisfaction by the Lenders against any and all liability and expense that may be incurred by it by reason of taking or continuing to take any such action. The Administrative Agent shall in all cases be fully protected in acting, or in refraining from acting, under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents in accordance with a request of the Required Lenders (or, if so specified by this Agreement, all Lenders), and such request and any action taken or failure to act pursuant thereto shall be binding upon all the Lenders and all future holders of the Loans. 154 4877-1242-0416 

9.5. Notice of Default. The Administrative Agent shall not be deemed to have knowledge or notice of the occurrence of any Default hereunder unless the Administrative Agent has received notice from a Lender or a Borrower referring to this Agreement, describing such Default and stating that such notice is a notice of default . In the event that the Administrative Agent receives such a notice, the Administrative Agent shall give notice thereof to the Lenders. The Administrative Agent shall take such action with respect to such Default as shall be reasonably directed by the Required Lenders as set forth in this Agreement (or, if so specified by this Agreement, all Lenders); provided that unless and until the Administrative Agent shall have received such directions, the Administrative Agent may (but shall not be obligated to) take such action, or refrain from taking such action, with respect to such Default as it shall deem advisable in the best interests of the Lenders and permitted by this Agreement. 9.6. Non-Reliance on Agents and Other Lenders; Acknowledgements of Lenders and Issuing Lenders. (a) Each Lender expressly acknowledges that neither the Agents nor any of their respective officers, directors, employees, agents, attorneys-in-fact or affiliates have made any representations or warranties to it and that no act by any Agent hereinafter taken, including any review of the affairs of a Loan Party or any affiliate of a Loan Party, shall be deemed to constitute any representation or warranty by any Agent to any Lender. Each Lender and each Issuing Lender represents and warrants that (i) the Loan Documents set forth the terms of a commercial lending facility, (ii) it is engaged in making, acquiring or holding commercial loans and in providing other facilities set forth herein as may be applicable to such Lender or Issuing Lender, in each case in the ordinary course of business, and not for the purpose of purchasing, acquiring or holding any other type of financial instrument (and each Lender and each Issuing Lender agrees not to assert a claim in contravention of the foregoing), (iii) it has, independently and without reliance upon the Administrative Agent, any Arranger, or any other Lender or Issuing Lender, or any of the Related Parties of any of the foregoing, and based on such documents and information as it has deemed appropriate, made its own credit analysis and decision to enter into this Agreement as a Lender, and to make, acquire or hold Loans hereunder and (iv) it is sophisticated with respect to decisions to make, acquire and/or hold commercial loans and to provide other facilities set forth herein, as may be applicable to such Lender or such Issuing Lender, and either it, or the Person exercising discretion in making its decision to make, acquire and/or hold such commercial loans or to provide such other facilities, is experienced in making, acquiring or holding such commercial loans or providing such other facilities. Each Lender and each Issuing Lender also acknowledges that it will, independently and without reliance upon the Administrative Agent, any Arranger or any other Lender or Issuing Lender, or any of the Related Parties of any of the foregoing, and based on such documents and information (which may contain material, non-public information within the meaning of the United States securities laws concerning the Borrower and its Affiliates) as it shall from time to time deem appropriate, continue to make its own decisions in taking or not taking action under or based upon this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any related agreement or any document furnished hereunder or thereunder. Except for notices, reports and other documents expressly required to be furnished to the Lenders by the Administrative Agent hereunder, the Administrative Agent shall not have any duty or responsibility to provide any Lender with any credit or other information concerning the business, operations, property, condition (financial or otherwise), prospects or creditworthiness of any Loan Party or any affiliate of a Loan Party that may come into the possession of the Administrative Agent or any of its officers, directors, employees, agents, attorneys-in-fact or affiliates. (b) Each Lender, by delivering its signature page to this Agreement on the Closing Date, or delivering its signature page to an Assignment and Assumption or any other Loan Document pursuant to which it shall become a Lender hereunder, shall be deemed to have acknowledged receipt of, and consented to and approved, each Loan Document and each other document required to be delivered to, or be approved by or satisfactory to, the Administrative Agent or the Lenders on the Closing Date. 155 4877-1242-0416 

(c) (i) Each Lender and each Issuing Lender hereby agrees that (x) if the Administrative Agent notifies such Lender or Issuing Lender that the Administrative Agent has determined in its sole discretion that any funds received by such Lender from the Administrative Agent or any of its Affiliates (whether as a payment, prepayment or repayment of principal, interest, fees or otherwise; individually and collectively, a Payment were erroneously transmitted to such Lender or Issuing Lender (whether or not known to such Lender or Issuing Lender), and demands the return of such Payment (or a portion thereof), such Lender or Issuing Lender, as the case may be, shall promptly, but in no event later than one Business Day thereafter, return to the Administrative Agent the amount of any such Payment (or portion thereof) as to which such a demand was made in same day funds, together with interest thereon in respect of each day from and including the date such Payment (or portion thereof) was received by such Lender of Issuing Lender to the date such amount is repaid to the Administrative Agent at the greater of the NYFRB Rate and a rate determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation from time to time in effect, and (y) to the extent permitted by applicable law, such Lender or Issuing Lender shall not assert, and hereby waives, as to the Administrative Agent, any claim, counterclaim, defense or right of set-off or recoupment with respect to any demand, claim or counterclaim by the Administrative Agent for the return of any Payments received, including without limitation any defense based on discharge for value or any similar doctrine. A notice of the Administrative Agent to any Lender or Issuing Lender under this Section 9.6(c) shall be conclusive, absent manifest error. (ii) Each Lender and each Issuing Lender hereby further agrees that if it receives a Payment from the Administrative Agent or any of its Affiliates (x) that is in a different amount than, or on a different date from, that specified in a notice of payment sent by the Administrative Agent (or any of its Affiliates) with respect to such Payment (a Payment Notice or (y) that was not preceded or accompanied by a Payment Notice, it shall be on notice, in each such case, that an error has been made with respect to such Payment. Each Lender and each Issuing Lender agrees that, in each such case, or if it otherwise becomes aware a Payment (or portion thereof) may have been sent in error, such Lender or Issuing Lender, as the case may be, shall promptly notify the Administrative Agent of such occurrence and, upon demand from the Administrative Agent, it shall promptly, but in no event later than one Business Day thereafter, return to the Administrative Agent the amount of any such Payment (or portion thereof) as to which such a demand was made in same day funds, together with interest thereon in respect of each day from and including the date such Payment (or portion thereof) was received by such Lender or Issuing Lender to the date such amount is repaid to the Administrative Agent at the greater of the NYFRB Rate and a rate determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation from time to time in effect. (iii)Each Borrower and each other Loan Party hereby agrees that (x) in the event an erroneous Payment (or portion thereof) is not recovered from any Lender or Issuing Lender, as applicable, that has received such Payment (or portion thereof) for any reason (such unrecovered amount, an Erroneous Payment Return Deficiency ), upon the Administrative Agent s notice to such Lender or Issuing Lender at any time, (i) such Lender or Issuing Lender shall be deemed to have assigned its Loans (but not its Revolving Commitments or L/C Commitments) with respect to which such erroneous Payment was made (the Erroneous Payment Impacted Loan in an amount equal to the Erroneous Payment Return Deficiency (or such lesser amount as the Administrative Agent may specify) (such assignment of the Loans (but not Revolving Commitments or L/C Commitments) of the Erroneous Payment Impacted Loans, the Erroneous Payment Deficiency Assignment at par plus any accrued and unpaid interest (with the assignment fee to be waived by the Administrative Agent in such instance), and is hereby (together with the Company) deemed to execute and deliver an Assignment and Assumption with respect to such Erroneous Payment Deficiency Assignment, and such Lender or Issuing Lender 156 4877-1242-0416 

shall deliver any Notes evidencing such Loans to the Company or the Administrative Agent, (ii) the Administrative Agent as the assignee Lender shall be deemed to acquire the Erroneous Payment Deficiency Assignment, (iii) upon such deemed acquisition, the Administrative Agent as the assignee Lender shall become a Lender or Issuing Lender, as applicable, hereunder with respect to such Erroneous Payment Deficiency Assignment and the assigning Lender or assigning Issuing Lender shall cease to be a Lender or Issuing Lender, as applicable, hereunder with respect to such Erroneous Payment Deficiency Assignment, excluding, for the avoidance of doubt, its obligations under the indemnification provisions of this Agreement and its applicable Revolving Commitments and L/C Commitments which shall survive as to such assigning Lender or assigning Issuing Lender and (iv) the Administrative Agent may reflect in the Register its ownership interest in the Loans subject to the Erroneous Payment Deficiency Assignment; provided, that for the avoidance of doubt, no Erroneous Payment Deficiency Assignment will reduce the Revolving Commitments or L/C Commitments of any Lender or Issuing Lender and such Revolving Commitments and L/C Commitments shall remain available in accordance with the terms of this Agreement and (y) an erroneous Payment shall not pay, prepay, repay, discharge or otherwise satisfy any Obligations owed by such Borrower or any other Loan Party; provided, that for the avoidance of doubt, clauses (x) and (y) above shall not apply to the extent any such Payment is, and solely with respect to the amount of such Payment that is, comprised of funds received by the Administrative Agent from such Borrower or any other Loan Party for the purpose of making such Payment. (iv) Each party s obligations under this Section 9.6(c) shall survive the resignation or replacement of the Administrative Agent or any transfer of rights or obligations by, or the replacement of, a Lender or Issuing Lender, the termination of the Commitments or the repayment, satisfaction or discharge of all Obligations under any Loan Document. 9.7. Indemnification. The Lenders agree to severally indemnify each Agent in its capacity as such (to the extent not reimbursed by the Borrowers and without limiting the obligation of the Borrowers to do so), ratably according to their respective Aggregate Exposure Percentages in effect on the date on which indemnification is sought under this Section (or, if indemnification is sought after the date upon which the Commitments shall have terminated and the Loans shall have been paid in full, ratably in accordance with such Aggregate Exposure Percentages immediately prior to such date), from and against any and all liabilities, obligations, losses, damages, penalties, actions, judgments, suits, costs, expenses or disbursements of any kind whatsoever that may at any time (whether before or after the payment of the Loans) be imposed on, incurred by or asserted against such Agent in any way relating to or arising out of, the Commitments, this Agreement, any of the other Loan Documents or any documents contemplated by or referred to herein or therein or the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby or any action taken or omitted by such Agent under or in connection with any of the foregoing; provided that no Lender shall be liable for the payment of any portion of such liabilities, obligations, losses, damages, penalties, actions, judgments, suits, costs, expenses or disbursements that are found by a final and nonappealable decision of a court of competent jurisdiction to have resulted from such Agent s bad faith, gross negligence or willful misconduct. The agreements in this Section 9.7 shall survive the payment of the Loans and all other amounts payable hereunder. 9.8. Agent in Its Individual Capacity. Each Agent and its affiliates may make loans to, accept deposits from and generally engage in any kind of business with any Loan Party as though such Agent was not an Agent. With respect to its Loans made or renewed by it and with respect to any Letter of Credit issued or participated in by it, each Agent shall have the same rights and powers under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents as any Lender and may exercise the same as though it were not an Agent, and the terms Lender and Lenders shall include each Agent in its individual capacity. 157 4877-1242-0416 

9.9. Successor Administrative Agent. The Administrative Agent may resign as Administrative Agent upon 20 days notice to the Lenders and the Borrowers. If the Administrative Agent shall resign as Administrative Agent under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, then the Required Lenders shall appoint from among the Lenders a successor agent for the Lenders, which successor agent shall (unless an Event of Default under Section 8(a) or Section 8(f) with respect to any Borrower shall have occurred and be continuing) be subject to approval by the Borrowers (which approval shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed), whereupon such successor agent shall succeed to the rights, powers and duties of the Administrative Agent, and the term Administrative Agent shall mean such successor agent effective upon such appointment and approval, and the former Administrative Agent s rights, powers and duties as Administrative Agent shall be terminated, without any other or further act or deed on the part of such former Administrative Agent or any of the parties to this Agreement or any holders of the Loans. If no successor agent has accepted appointment as Administrative Agent by the date that is 20 days following a retiring Administrative Agent s notice of resignation, the retiring Administrative Agent s resignation shall nevertheless thereupon become effective and the Lenders shall assume and perform all of the duties of the Administrative Agent hereunder until such time, if any, as the Required Lenders appoint (with the consent of the Borrowers (to the extent required by the immediately preceding sentence)) a successor agent as provided for above. After any retiring Administrative Agent s resignation as Administrative Agent, the provisions of this Section 9 shall inure to its benefit as to any actions taken or omitted to be taken by it while it was Administrative Agent under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents. 9.10. Certain ERISA Matters. (a) Each Lender (x) represents and warrants, as of the date such Person became a Lender party hereto, to, and (y) covenants, from the date such Person became a Lender party hereto to the date such Person ceases being a Lender party hereto, for the benefit of, the Administrative Agent, and not, for the avoidance of doubt, to or for the benefit of the Borrower or any other Loan Party, that at least one of the following is and will be true: (i) such Lender is not using plan assets (within the meaning of Section 3(42) of ERISA or otherwise) of one or more Benefit Plans with respect to such Lender s entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments or this Agreement, (ii) the transaction exemption set forth in one or more PTEs, such as PTE 84-14 (a class exemption for certain transactions determined by independent qualified professional asset managers), PTE 95-60 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving insurance company general accounts), PTE 90-1 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving insurance company pooled separate accounts), PTE 91-38 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving bank collective investment funds) or PTE 96-23 (a class exemption for certain transactions determined by in-house asset managers), is applicable with respect to such Lender s entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement, (iii) (A) such Lender is an investment fund managed by a Qualified Professional Asset Manager (within the meaning of Part VI of PTE 84-14), (B) such Qualified Professional Asset Manager made the investment decision on behalf of such Lender to enter into, participate in, administer and perform the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement, (C) the entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement satisfies the requirements of sub-sections (b) through (g) of Part I of PTE 84-14 and (D) to the best knowledge of such Lender, the requirements of subsection (a) of Part I of PTE 84-14 are satisfied with respect to 158 4877-1242-0416 

such Lender s entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement, or (iv) such other representation, warranty and covenant as may be agreed in writing between the Administrative Agent, in its sole discretion, and such Lender. (b) In addition, unless sub-clause (i) in the immediately preceding clause (a) is true with respect to a Lender or such Lender has provided another representation, warranty and covenant in accordance with sub-clause (iv) in the immediately preceding clause (a), such Lender further (x) represents and warrants, as of the date such Person became a Lender party hereto, to, and (y) covenants, from the date such Person became a Lender party hereto to the date such Person ceases being a Lender party hereto, for the benefit of the Administrative Agent, and not, for the avoidance of doubt, to or for the benefit of the Borrower or any other Loan Party, that the Administrative Agent is not a fiduciary with respect to the assets of such Lender involved in such Lender s entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement (including in connection with the reservation or exercise of any rights by the Administrative Agent under this Agreement, any Loan Document or any documents related hereto or thereto). 9.11. Agents. None of the Arrangers or Agents (other than the Administrative Agent) identified in this Agreement shall have any rights, powers, obligations, liabilities, responsibilities or duties under this Agreement or any other Loan Document, except in its capacity, as applicable, as a Lender, a Swingline Lender or an Issuing Lender hereunder. Without limiting any other provision of this Section 9, no such Arranger or Agent in its capacity as such shall have or be deemed to have any fiduciary relationship with any Lender (including any Swingline Lender or any Issuing Lender) or any other Person by reason of this Agreement or any other Loan Document. 9.12. Credit Bidding. The Credit Parties hereby irrevocably authorize the Administrative Agent, at the direction of the Required Lenders, to credit bid all or any portion of the Obligations (including by accepting some or all of the Collateral in satisfaction of some or all of the Obligations pursuant to a deed in lieu of foreclosure or otherwise) and in such manner purchase (either directly or through one or more acquisition vehicles) all or any portion of the Collateral (a) at any sale thereof conducted under the provisions of the Bankruptcy Code, including under Sections 363, 1123 or 1129 of the Bankruptcy Code, or any similar laws in any other jurisdictions to which a Loan Party is subject, or (b) at any other sale, foreclosure or acceptance of collateral in lieu of debt conducted by (or with the consent or at the direction of) the Administrative Agent (whether by judicial action or otherwise) in accordance with any applicable law. In connection with any such credit bid and purchase, the Obligations owed to the Credit Parties shall be entitled to be, and shall be, credit bid by the Administrative Agent at the direction of the Required Lenders on a ratable basis (with Obligations with respect to contingent or unliquidated claims receiving contingent interests in the acquired assets on a ratable basis that shall vest upon the liquidation of such claims in an amount proportional to the liquidated portion of the contingent claim amount used in allocating the contingent interests) for the asset or assets so purchased (or for the equity interests or debt instruments of the acquisition vehicle or vehicles that are issued in connection with such purchase). In connection with any such bid, (i) the Administrative Agent shall be authorized to form one or more acquisition vehicles and to assign any successful credit bid to such acquisition vehicle or vehicles, (ii) each of the Credit Parties ratable interests in the Obligations which were credit bid shall be deemed without any further action under this Agreement to be assigned to such vehicle or vehicles for the purpose of closing such sale, (iii) the Administrative Agent shall be authorized to adopt documents providing for the governance of the acquisition vehicle or vehicles (provided that any actions by the Administrative Agent with respect to such acquisition vehicle or vehicles, including any disposition of the assets or equity interests thereof, shall be governed, directly or indirectly, by, and the governing documents shall provide for, control by the vote of the Required Lenders or their permitted assignees 159 4877-1242-0416 

under the terms of this Agreement or the governing documents of the applicable acquisition vehicle or vehicles, as the case may be, irrespective of the termination of this Agreement and without giving effect to the limitations on actions by the Required Lenders contained in Section 10.1), (iv) the Administrative Agent on behalf of such acquisition vehicle or vehicles shall be authorized to issue to each of the Credit Parties, ratably on account of the relevant Obligations which were credit bid, interests, whether as equity, partnership interests, limited partnership interests or membership interests, in any such acquisition vehicle and/or debt instruments issued by such acquisition vehicle, all without the need for any Credit Party or acquisition vehicle to take any further action, and (v) to the extent that Obligations that are assigned to an acquisition vehicle are not used to acquire Collateral for any reason (as a result of another bid being higher or better, because the amount of Obligations assigned to the acquisition vehicle exceeds the amount of Obligations credit bid by the acquisition vehicle or otherwise), such Obligations shall automatically be reassigned to the Credit Parties pro rata with their original interest in such Obligations and the equity interests and/or debt instruments issued by any acquisition vehicle on account of such Obligations shall automatically be cancelled, without the need for any Credit Party or any acquisition vehicle to take any further action. Notwithstanding that the ratable portion of the Obligations of each Credit Party are deemed assigned to the acquisition vehicle or vehicles as set forth in clause (ii) above, each Credit Party shall execute such documents and provide such information regarding the Credit Party (and/or any designee of the Credit Party which will receive interests in or debt instruments issued by such acquisition vehicle) as the Administrative Agent may reasonably request in connection with the formation of any acquisition vehicle, the formulation or submission of any credit bid or the consummation of the transactions contemplated by such credit bid. SECTION 10. MISCELLANEOUS 10.1. Amendments and Waivers. (a) Neither this Agreement, any other Loan Document, nor any terms hereof or thereof may be amended, supplemented or modified except in accordance with the provisions of this Section 10.1. The Required Lenders and each Loan Party that is a party to the relevant Loan Document may, or, with the written consent of the Required Lenders, the Administrative Agent and each Loan Party that is a party to the relevant Loan Document may, from time to time, (a) enter into written amendments, supplements or modifications hereto and to the other Loan Documents for the purpose of adding any provisions to this Agreement or the other Loan Documents or changing in any manner the rights of the Lenders or of the Loan Parties hereunder or thereunder or (b) waive, on such terms and conditions as the Required Lenders or the Administrative Agent, as the case may be, may specify in such instrument, any of the requirements of this Agreement or the other Loan Documents or any Default or Event of Default and its consequences; provided, however, that no such waiver and no such amendment, supplement or modification shall: (i) forgive the principal amount or extend the final scheduled date of maturity of any Loan or extend any L/C Participant s interest in any Issuing Lender s obligations and rights under any Letter of Credit beyond the Revolving Termination Date, extend the scheduled date of any amortization payment in respect of any Term Loan, reduce the stated rate of any interest or fee payable hereunder (except (x) in connection with the waiver of applicability of any post-default increase in interest rates, (y) that any amendment or modification in the financial definitions in this Agreement shall not constitute a reduction in the rate of interest or commitment fee for purposes of this clause (i) and (z) in each case of this clause (i), waivers of, or consents or departures from, mandatory prepayments, mandatory reductions of commitments, or of any Default or Event of Default) or extend the scheduled date of any payment thereof or increase the amount or extend the expiration date of any Lender s Revolving Commitment with respect to any Lender, in each case without the consent of each Lender directly affected thereby; (ii) reduce any percentage specified in the definition of Required Lenders or Required Revolving Lenders, or change any other provision of any Loan Document specifying the number or percentage of Lenders required to waive, amend or modify any term thereof, release all or substantially all of the Collateral (other than as otherwise permitted hereunder or in the other Loan Documents) under the Collateral Agreement or release all or substantially all of the value of 160 4877-1242-0416 

the guarantees (other than as otherwise permitted hereunder or in the other Loan Documents) under the Guarantee Agreement, in each case without the consent of all Lenders or reduce the percentage specified in the definition of Majority Facility Lenders with respect to any Facility without the consent of all Lenders under such Facility; (iii) amend or modify any provision of Section 5.03 of the Collateral Agreement without the consent of each Lender directly and adversely affected thereby; (iv) amend, modify or waive any provision of Section 2.19 in a manner that would alter the pro rata sharing of payments or Section 10.7(a) without the consent of each Lender directly and adversely affected thereby, or amend, modify or waive any other provision of Section 2.19 without the consent of the Majority Facility Lenders in respect of each Facility adversely affected thereby; (v) [reserved]; (vi) [reserved]; (vii) amend, modify or waive any provision of Section 9 without the consent of the Administrative Agent; (viii) amend, modify or waive any provision of Section 2.8 or 2.9 without the consent of the Swingline Lender; (ix) amend, modify or waive any provision of Section 3 without the consent of each Issuing Lender; (x) add any currencies as Foreign Currencies under this Agreement in which a Lender is required to make Loans, in each case without the written consent of each Lender directly affected thereby; (xi) consent to the assignment or transfer by any Borrower of any of its rights and obligations under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents without the consent of each Lender directly affected thereby (other than as permitted by Section 10.6(a)); (xii) eliminate or reduce any voting rights under this Section 10.1 without the consent of each Lender directly affected thereby; provided that, notwithstanding the foregoing, any waiver or amendment of any condition precedent set forth in Section 5.2 as it pertains to any loans under the Revolving Facility shall require the written consent of only the Company and the Required Revolving Lenders (and not the Required Lenders). Any such waiver and any such amendment, supplement or modification shall apply equally to each of the Lenders and shall be binding upon the Loan Parties, the Lenders, the Administrative Agent and all future holders of the Loans. In the case of any waiver, the Loan Parties, the Lenders and the Administrative Agent shall be restored to their former position and rights hereunder and under the other Loan Documents, and any Default waived shall be deemed to be cured and not continuing; but no such waiver shall extend to any subsequent or other Default, or impair any right consequent thereon. Any Defaulting Lender s right to approve or disapprove any amendment, waiver or consent with respect to this Agreement and the other Loan Documents shall be restricted as set forth in Section 2.28(d). (b) (i) the Company and the Administrative Agent may enter into any Incremental Facility Amendment in accordance with Section 2.27, any Extension Amendment in accordance with Section 2.26 and any Refinancing Amendment in accordance with Section 2.30 and such Extension Amendments, Incremental Facility Amendments and Refinancing Amendments shall be effective to amend the terms of this Agreement and the other applicable Loan Documents, in each case, without any further action or consent of any other party to any Loan Document; and (ii) this Agreement and the other Loan Documents may be amended with the written consent of only the Administrative Agent and the Borrowers to the extent necessary in order to evidence and implement the designation or removal of Subsidiary Borrowers pursuant to Section 2.29. (c) Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Administrative Agent, with the consent of the Borrowers, may amend, modify or supplement any Loan Document without the consent of any Lender or the Required Lenders in order to correct, amend or cure any ambiguity, inconsistency or defect or correct any typographical error or other manifest error in any Loan Document and such amendment shall become effective without any further action or consent of any other party to any Loan Document if the same is 161 4877-1242-0416 

162 4877-1242-0416 or, in the case of Swingline Loans that are denominated in Euros: The Company or any other Borrower: The Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent: Kontoor Brands, Inc., 400 N. Elm Street, Greensboro, NC 27401, Attn: Dave Kovach April Yebd Telephone: +1 312 732 2628 Fax: +1 844 490 5663 jpm.agency.cri@jpmorgan.com with a copy to april.yebd@jpmorgan.com 10 S. Dearborn St. Floor L2 Chicago, IL 60603 European Loan Operations 3rd Floor, Prestige Platina, Near Marathahalli Junction, Sarjapur Outer Ring Road, Kadabeesanahalli, Vathur Hobli, Bangalore 560087, India Telephone: +91 80 679 05451 Fax: +1 214 291 4365 E-Fax: 442074923297@tls.ldsprod.com Email: european.loan.operations@jpmorgan.com with a copy to loan_and_agency_london@jpmorgan.com not objected to in writing by the Required Lenders within five Business Days following receipt of notice thereof. 10.2. Notices. All notices, requests and demands to or upon the respective parties hereto to be effective shall be in writing (including by telecopy), and, unless otherwise expressly provided herein, shall be deemed to have been duly given or made when delivered, or three Business Days after being deposited in the mail, postage prepaid, or, in the case of telecopy notice, when received, addressed as follows in the case of the Company, the other Borrowers and the Administrative Agent, and as set forth in an Administrative Questionnaire delivered to the Administrative Agent in the case of the Lenders, or to such other address as may be hereafter notified by the respective parties hereto: provided that any notice, request or demand to or upon the Administrative Agent or the Lenders shall not be effective until received. 10.3. No Waiver; Cumulative Remedies. No failure to exercise and no delay in exercising, on the part of the Administrative Agent or any Lender, any right, remedy, power or privilege hereunder or under the other Loan Documents shall operate as a waiver thereof; nor shall any single or partial exercise of any right, remedy, power or privilege hereunder preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, remedy, power or privilege. The rights, remedies, powers and privileges herein provided are cumulative and not exclusive of any rights, remedies, powers and privileges provided by law. 10.4. Survival of Representations and Warranties. All representations and warranties made hereunder, in the other Loan Documents and in any document, certificate or statement delivered pursuant hereto or in connection herewith shall survive the execution and delivery of this Agreement and the 

making of the Loans and other extensions of credit hereunder until the respective maturity dates of the Facilities. 10.5. Expenses; Limitation of Liability; Indemnity, Etc.. (a) Expenses. Each Borrower agrees (a) within 30 days following presentation of a summary statement, to reimburse the Administrative Agent for its reasonable and invoiced out-of-pocket expenses that have been incurred in connection with the development, preparation, execution, delivery and administration of, and any amendment, supplement, waiver or modification to, this Agreement and the other Loan Documents and the consummation of the Transactions contemplated hereby and thereby (including the fees, charges and disbursements of one firm of counsel to the Administrative Agent and Lenders, as a whole, and of a single local counsel in each appropriate jurisdiction (which may include, a single special counsel acting in multiple jurisdictions) for the Administrative Agent and Lenders, as a whole, (and, in the case of an actual or perceived conflict of interest, of another firm of counsel (and, if applicable, another local counsel in each appropriate jurisdiction) for all similarly affected persons)) or the Issuing Lender in connection with the issuance, amendment, renewal or extension of any Letter of Credit or any demand for payment thereunder, and (b) within 30 days following presentation of a summary statement, to pay or reimburse each Lender (including each Swingline Lender), each Issuing Lender and the Administrative Agent for all its reasonable and invoiced out-of-pocket costs and expenses incurred in connection with the enforcement or preservation of any rights under this Agreement, the other Loan Documents and any such other documents, or Letters of Credit issued hereunder, including all such reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred during any workout, restructuring or negotiations in respect of such Loans or Letters of Credit (including the fees, charges and disbursements of one firm of counsel to the Administrative Agent and Lenders, as a whole, and of a single local counsel in each appropriate jurisdiction (which may include, a single special counsel acting in multiple jurisdictions) for the Administrative Agent and Lenders, as a whole, (and, in the case of an actual or perceived conflict of interest, of another firm of counsel (and, if applicable, another local counsel in each appropriate jurisdiction) for all similarly affected persons)), (b) Indemnity. Each Borrower agrees to indemnify and hold harmless each Lender (including each Swingline Lender), each Issuing Lender, each Agent and the Administrative Agent and their respective Affiliates and their respective directors, officers, employees, advisors, agents and other representatives (each, an Indemnitee from and against any and all losses, claims, damages and liabilities to which any such Indemnitee may become subject arising out of or in connection with this Agreement, any Loan Documents, the Transactions or any actual or prospective claim, litigation, investigation, arbitration or proceeding relating to any of the foregoing (including in relation to enforcing the terms of this paragraph) (each, a Proceeding ), regardless of whether any Indemnitee is a party thereto, whether or not such Proceedings are brought by the Company, its equity holders, Affiliates, creditors or any other person, and to reimburse each Indemnitee from time to time, within 30 days following the presentation of a summary statement, for any reasonable and invoiced out-of-pocket legal expenses of one firm of counsel for all such Indemnitees, taken as a whole, and of a single local counsel in each appropriate jurisdiction (which may include a single special counsel acting in multiple jurisdictions) for all such Indemnitees, taken as a whole (and, in the case of an actual or perceived conflict of interest, of another firm of counsel (and, if applicable, another firm of local counsel in each appropriate jurisdiction) for all similarly affected Indemnitee), in connection with any of the foregoing, provided that the foregoing indemnity will not, as to any Indemnitee, apply to losses, claims, damages, liabilities or related expenses to the extent they (i) are found by a final, non-appealable judgement of a court of competent jurisdiction to arise from the willful misconduct, bad faith or gross negligence of such Indemnitee or its Affiliates, directors, officers, employees, advisors, agents or other representatives (collectively, the Related Parties ), (ii) are found by a final, non-appealable judgement of a court of competent jurisdiction to result from a material breach of the obligations of such Indemnitee or any such 163 4877-1242-0416 

Indemnitee s Related Parties under this Agreement or (iii) result from any Proceeding that does not involve an act or omission by the Company or its Affiliates and that is brought by an Indemnitee or Related Party against any other Indemnitee or Related Party (other than any claims against any Indemnitee in its capacity or in fulfilling its role as an agent or arranger or any similar role in connection with this Agreement). (c) Limitation of Liability. None of the Lenders (including each Swingline Lender), any Issuing Lender, any Agent and the Administrative Agent and their respective Affiliates and their respective directors, officers, employees, advisors, agents and other representatives (each such Person, A Lender-Related Person shall be liable for any damages arising from the use by others of information or other materials obtained through electronic, telecommunications or other information transmission systems, except to the extent any such damages are found by a final and nonappealable decision of a court of competent jurisdiction to have resulted from the gross negligence, bad faith or willful misconduct of such Lender-Related Person. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, each party hereto agrees that it shall not assert, and hereby waives, any claim against any other party hereto, the Company and any Lender-Related Person or any of their respective Affiliates or the respective directors, officers, employees, advisors, and agents of the foregoing, on any theory of liability, for special, indirect, consequential or punitive damages (as opposed to direct or actual damages) arising out of, in connection with, or as a result of, this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any agreement or instrument contemplated hereby, the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby, any Loan or Letter of Credit, or the use of the proceeds thereof; provided that the foregoing shall not limit the obligations of the Borrower under this Section 10.5 in respect of any such damages claimed against the indemnitees by Persons other than Indemnitees. The agreements in this Section 10.5 shall survive repayment of the Loans and all other amounts payable hereunder and termination of this Agreement. (d) This Section 10.5 shall not apply with respect to Taxes other than any Taxes that represent losses, claims or damages arising from any non-Tax claim. 10.6. Successors and Assigns; Participations and Assignments. (a) This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the Borrowers, the Lenders, the Administrative Agent, all future holders of the Loans and their respective successors and assigns, except that no Borrower may assign or transfer any of its rights or obligations under this Agreement without the prior written consent of each Lender (except in a transaction permitted by Section 7.4). (b) Any Lender may, without the consent of any Borrower or the Administrative Agent, in accordance with applicable law, at any time sell to one or more banks, financial institutions or other entities other than an Ineligible Institution (each, a Participant participating interests in any Loan owing to such Lender, any Commitment of such Lender or any other interest of such Lender hereunder and under the other Loan Documents. In the event of any such sale by a Lender of a participating interest to a Participant, such Lender s obligations under this Agreement to the other parties to this Agreement shall remain unchanged, such Lender shall remain solely responsible for the performance thereof, such Lender shall remain the holder of any such Loan for all purposes under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, the Participant will have no proprietary interest in the benefit of this Agreement or in any monies received by the Lender under or in relation to this Agreement (including in the bankruptcy or similar event of the Lender) and the Borrowers, the Issuing Lenders, the other Lenders and the Administrative Agent shall continue to deal solely and directly with such Lender in connection with such Lender s rights and obligations under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents. In no event shall any Participant under any such participation have any right to approve any amendment or waiver of any provision of any Loan Document, or any consent to any departure by any Loan Party therefrom, except to the extent that such amendment, waiver or consent would reduce the principal of or interest on, the Loans or any fees payable hereunder, postpone the date of any scheduled amortization payment or the final 164 4877-1242-0416 

maturity of the Loans, in each case to the extent subject to such participation. Any agreement or instrument pursuant to which a Lender sells such a participation shall provide that such Lender shall retain the sole right to enforce this Agreement and the other Loan Documents and, other than as set forth in the preceding sentence, to approve any amendment, modification or waiver of any provision of this Agreement or any other Loan Document. Each Borrower also agrees that each Participant shall be entitled to the benefits of Sections 2.20, 2.21 and 2.22 (subject to the requirements and limitations in Section 2.21) with respect to its participation in the Commitments and the Loans outstanding from time to time as if it was a Lender; provided that such Participant (i) agrees to be subject to the provisions of Sections 2.23 and 2.24 as if it were an assignee under paragraph (c) of this Section and (ii) shall not be entitled to receive any greater amount pursuant to Section 2.20 or 2.21 than the transferor Lender would have been entitled to receive in respect of the amount of the participation transferred by such transferor Lender to such Participant had no such transfer occurred. Each Lender that sells a participation, acting solely for this purpose as a non-fiduciary agent of the Borrowers, shall maintain a register on which it enters the name and address of each Participant and the principal amounts (and stated interest) of each Participant s interest in the Loans or other obligations under this Agreement (the Participant Register provided that no Lender shall have any obligation to disclose all or any portion of the Participant Register to any Person (including the identity of any Participant or any information relating to a Participant s interest in any Commitments, Loans, Letters of Credit or its other obligations under any Loan Document) except to the extent that such disclosure is necessary to establish that such Commitment, Loan, Letter of Credit or other obligation is in registered form under Section 5f.103-1(c) of the United States Treasury Regulations. The entries in the Participant Register shall be conclusive absent manifest error, and such Lender, each Loan Party and the Administrative Agent shall treat each person whose name is recorded in the Participant Register pursuant to the terms hereof as the owner of such participation for all purposes of this Agreement, notwithstanding notice to the contrary. As used herein, Ineligible Institution means (a) a natural person, (b) a Disqualified Lender, (c) a holding company, investment vehicle or trust for, or owned and operated for the primary benefit of, a natural person or relative(s) thereof, (d) a Defaulting Lender or (e) any of the Company and its Subsidiaries and Affiliates. The Administrative Agent shall not be responsible or have any liability for, or have any duty to ascertain, inquire into, monitor or enforce, compliance with the provisions hereof relating to Disqualified Lenders. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Administrative Agent shall not (x) be obligated to ascertain, monitor or inquire as to whether any Lender or participant or prospective Lender or participant is a Disqualified Lender or (y) have any liability with respect to or arising out of any assignment or participation of Loans, or disclosure of confidential information, to any Disqualified Lender. (c) Any Lender (an Assignor may, in accordance with applicable law, at any time and from time to time assign (subject to clause (iii) of the proviso below) to any other Lender, any Affiliate of any Lender or any Lender Affiliate (other than any Ineligible Institution) or, with the consent of the Borrowers and the Administrative Agent (which, in each case, shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed), to an additional bank, financial institution or other entity other than an Ineligible Institution (an Assignee all or any part of its rights and obligations under this Agreement pursuant to an Assignment and Assumption, executed by such Assignee, such Assignor and any other Person whose consent is required pursuant to this paragraph, and delivered to the Administrative Agent for its acceptance and recording in the Register; provided that (i) no such assignment to an Assignee (other than any Lender, any Affiliate of any Lender or any Lender Affiliate), unless otherwise agreed to by the Company and Administrative Agent, shall be in an aggregate principal amount of less than 5,000,000 in the case of Revolving Commitments or 500,000 in the case of Term Loans (provided that assignments made by any Lender on the same day to an Assignee and its Affiliates (including any Lender Affiliates) and 165 4877-1242-0416 

contemporaneous assignments by Lender Affiliates to a single Assignee may be treated as a single assignment for purposes of satisfying any such minimum assignment amount requirement (other than in the case of an assignment of all of a Lender s interests under the applicable Facility)), (ii) after giving effect to any such assignment, such Lender and its Affiliates (including any Lender Affiliates) shall retain Commitments and Term Loans in an aggregate principal amount of at least 5,000,000 in the case of Revolving Commitments and 500,000 in the case of Term Loans (other than in the case of an assignment of all of a Lender s interests under the applicable Facility), in each case unless otherwise agreed by the applicable Borrower(s) and the Administrative Agent, (iii) no Lender may assign any interest in the Revolving Facility (other than, with the consent of the Administrative Agent, not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed, to an Affiliate of such Lender or, to another Lender then holding Revolving Commitments) without the consent of the Administrative Agent, the Borrowers, each Issuing Lender and the Swingline Lender (not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed), (iv) no Lender may assign an interest in the Revolving Facility (unless such assignment is to a Swiss Qualifying Bank) without the consent of the Swiss Borrowers (not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed (it being understood that withholding consent to a proposed assignment that would result in any non-compliance with the Swiss Non-Bank Rules shall be deemed reasonable)), and (v) solely with respect to Term Loans, each Borrower shall be deemed to have consented to an assignment if it has not objected thereto by written notice to the Administrative Agent within ten Business Days of its receipt of notice thereof. For purposes of the proviso contained in the preceding sentence, the amount described therein shall be aggregated in respect of each Lender and its related Lender Affiliates, if any (other than in the case of an assignment of all of a Lender s interests under this Agreement). Any such assignment need not be ratable as among the Facilities. Upon such execution, delivery, acceptance and recording, from and after the effective date determined pursuant to such Assignment and Assumption, (x) the Assignee thereunder shall be deemed a party hereto and, to the extent provided in such Assignment and Assumption, have the rights and obligations of a Lender hereunder with a Commitment and/or Loans as set forth therein, and (y) the Assignor thereunder shall, to the extent provided in such Assignment and Assumption, be released from its obligations under this Agreement (and, in the case of an Assignment and Assumption covering all of an Assignor s rights and obligations under this Agreement, such Assignor shall cease to be a party hereto). Notwithstanding any provision of this Section 10.6, the consent of the Borrowers shall not be required for any assignment that occurs when an Event of Default pursuant to Sections 8(a) or 8(f) shall have occurred and be continuing with respect to any Borrower. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Borrowers may, in their sole discretion, withhold consent to any assignment to any Person that is not expressly a Disqualified Lender but is known by such Borrower to be an Affiliate of a Disqualified Lender without regard as to whether such Person is identifiable as an Affiliate of a Disqualified Lender on the basis of such Affiliate s name. (d) The Administrative Agent shall, on behalf of the Borrowers, maintain at its address referred to in Section 10.2, a copy of each Assignment and Assumption delivered to it and a register (the Register for the recordation of the names and addresses of the Lenders and the Commitment of, and the principal amount (and stated interest) of the Loans owing to, each Lender from time to time. The entries in the Register shall be conclusive absent manifest error, and each Borrower, each other Loan Party, the Administrative Agent and the Lenders shall treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Register as the owner of the Loans and any Notes evidencing the Loans recorded therein for all purposes of this Agreement. Any assignment of any Loan, whether or not evidenced by a Note, shall be effective only upon appropriate entries with respect thereto being made in the Register (and each Note shall expressly so provide). Any assignment or transfer of all or part of a Loan evidenced by a Note shall be registered on the Register only upon surrender for registration of assignment or transfer of the Note evidencing such Loan, accompanied by a duly executed Assignment and Assumption, and thereupon one 166 4877-1242-0416 

or more new Notes shall be issued to the designated Assignee. The Register shall be available for inspection by any Lender at any reasonable time and from time to time upon reasonable prior notice. (e) Upon its receipt of an Assignment and Assumption executed by an Assignor, an Assignee and any other Person whose consent is required by Section 10.6(c), together with payment to the Administrative Agent of a registration and processing fee of 3,500 (which shall not be an obligation of the Borrowers), the Administrative Agent shall (i) promptly accept such Assignment and Assumption and (ii) record the information contained therein in the Register on the effective date determined pursuant thereto. (f) The Assignee, if it shall not be a Lender, shall deliver to the Administrative Agent an Administrative Questionnaire in which the Assignee designates one or more credit contacts to whom all syndicate-level information (which may contain material non-public information about the Company and its Affiliates and their related parties or their respective securities) will be made available and who may receive such information in accordance with the assignee s compliance procedures and applicable laws, including Federal and state securities laws. (g) For avoidance of doubt, the parties to this Agreement acknowledge that the provisions of this Section 10.6 concerning assignments of Loans and Notes relate only to absolute assignments and that such provisions do not prohibit assignments creating security interests, including any pledge or assignment by a Lender of any Loan or Note to any Federal Reserve Bank or other central banking authority having jurisdiction over such Lender in accordance with applicable law. (h) Each applicable Borrower, upon receipt of written notice from the relevant Lender, agrees to issue Notes to any Lender requiring Notes to facilitate transactions of the type described in paragraph (g) above. (i) Any assignment or transfer by a Lender of rights or obligations under this Agreement that does not comply with this Section 10.6, whether or not such assignment or transfer is reflected in the Register, shall be treated for purposes of this Agreement as a sale by such Lender of a participation in such rights and obligations in accordance with paragraph (b) of this Section 10.6. (j) The Company shall have the right (i) at the sole expense of any Lender that is a Disqualified Lender and/or the Person that assigned its Commitments and/or Loans to such Disqualified Lender or to any Lender to the extent the Borrower s consent was requested pursuant to Section 10.6 and not obtained, to seek to replace or terminate such Disqualified Lender or other Lender as a Lender by causing such Lender to (and such Lender shall be obligated to) assign (without recourse) any or all of its Commitments and/or Loans and its rights and obligations under this Agreement to one or more assignees (which may, at the Company s sole option, be or include the Company or any Subsidiary); provided that (1) the Administrative Agent shall not have any obligation to the Company to find such a replacement Lender, (2) the Company shall not have any obligation to such Disqualified Lender or other Lender or any other Person to find such a replacement Lender or accept or consent to any such assignment to itself or any other Person and (3) the assignee (or, at its option, the Company) shall pay to such Disqualified Lender or other Lender concurrently with such assignment an amount (which payment shall be deemed payment in full) equal to the lesser of (x) the face principal amount of the Commitments and/or Loans so assigned and (y) the amount that such Disqualified Lender or other Lender paid to acquire such Commitments and/or Loans, in each case without interest thereon (it being understood that if the effective date of such assignment is not an Interest Payment Date, such assignee shall be entitled to receive on the next succeeding Interest Payment Date interest on the principal amount of the Loans so assigned that has accrued and is unpaid from the Interest Payment Date last preceding such effective date (except as may be otherwise agreed between such assignee and the Company)), or (ii) to prepay any 167 4877-1242-0416 

Loans held by such Disqualified Lender or other Lender, in whole or in part, by paying an amount (which payment shall be deemed payment in full) equal to the lesser of (x) the face principal amount of the Commitments and/or Loans so prepaid and (y) the amount that such Disqualified Lender or other Lender paid to acquire such Loans, (in each case without interest thereon), and if applicable, terminate the Commitments of such Disqualified Lender, in whole or in part. In connection with any such replacement, (1) if the Disqualified Lender does not execute and deliver to the Administrative Agent a duly completed Assignment and Assumption and/or any other documentation necessary or appropriate (in the good faith determination of the Administrative Agent or the Company, which determination shall be conclusive) to reflect such replacement by the later of (a) the date on which the replacement Lender executes and delivers such Assignment and Assumption and/or such other documentation and (b) the date as of which the Disqualified Lender shall be paid by the assignee Lender (or, at its option, the Company) the amount required pursuant to this Section 10.6(j), then such Disqualified Lender or other Lender shall be deemed to have executed and delivered such Assignment and Assumption and/or such other documentation as of such date and the Company shall be entitled (but not obligated) to execute and deliver such Assignment and Assumption and/or such other documentation on behalf of such Disqualified Lender or other Lender, and the Administrative Agent shall record such assignment in the Register, (2) each Lender (whether or not then a party hereto) agrees to disclose to the Company the amount that the applicable Disqualified Lender paid to acquire Commitments and/or Loans from such Lender and (3) each Lender that is a Disqualified Lender or other Lender agrees to disclose to the Company the amount it paid to acquire the Commitments and/or Loans held by it. The list of Disqualified Lenders shall be held by the Administrative Agent but shall not be posted or distributed to the Lenders, prospective Lenders and prospective Assignees and Participants; provided that such list shall be provided to Lenders, prospective Lenders, prospective Assignees and prospective Participants upon request. (k) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, any Lender may, at any time, assign all or a portion of its rights and obligations under this Agreement in respect of its Term Loans to the Company, or any Subsidiary (each, an Affiliated Lender through (x) Dutch auctions or other offers to purchase open to all Lenders on a pro rata basis in accordance with procedures to be established by the auction agent consistent with this Section 10.6(k) or (y) open market purchases on a non-pro rata basis (which purchases may be effected at any price as agreed between such Lender and such Affiliated Lender in their respective sole discretion); provided that: (i) any Term Loans acquired by any Affiliated Lender shall, to the extent permitted by applicable Requirements of Law, be retired and cancelled immediately upon the acquisition thereof; provided that upon any such retirement and cancellation, the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the Term Loans shall be deemed reduced by the full par value of the aggregate principal amount of the Term Loans so retired and cancelled; provided that to the extent any Term Loans acquired by any Affiliated Lender are not permitted to be retired and cancelled under applicable Requirements of Law, such Affiliated Lender shall be deemed to have acknowledged and agreed that such Term Loans held by such Affiliated Lender shall be disregarded in both the numerator and denominator in the calculation of any Required Lender or other Lender vote and such Affiliated Lender, solely in its capacity as an Affiliated Lender, will not be entitled to (x) attend (including by telephone) or participate in any meeting or discussion (or portion thereof) solely among the Administrative Agent or any Lender or among Lenders to which the Loan Parties or their representatives are not invited or (y) receive any information or material prepared by the Administrative Agent or any Lender or any communication by or among the Administrative Agent and one or more Lenders; (ii) no Event of Default exists at the time of acceptance of bids for the Dutch Aauction or the confirmation of such open market purchase, as applicable, and purchases of 168 4877-1242-0416 

Term Loans pursuant to this Section 10.6(k) may not be funded with the proceeds of Revolving Loans; and (iii) no Affiliated Lender shall be required to represent or warrant that it is not in possession of material non-public information with respect to the Borrower and/or any subsidiary thereof and/or their respective securities in connection with any assignment permitted by this Section 10.6(k). 10.7. Adjustments; Set-off. (a) Except to the extent that (i) this Agreement expressly provides for payments to be allocated to a particular Lender or to the Lenders under a particular Facility (including any payment obtained by a Lender as consideration for any permitted assignment of or permitted sale of a participation in any of its Loans or Commitments hereunder) or (ii) a payment is made in respect of obligations under Lender Hedge Agreements or Cash Management Obligations, if any Lender (a Benefitted Lender shall receive any payment of all or part of the Obligations owing to it, or receive any collateral in respect thereof (whether voluntarily or involuntarily, by set-off, pursuant to events or proceedings of the nature referred to in Section 8(f), or otherwise), in a greater proportion than any such payment to or collateral received by any other Lender, if any, in respect of the Obligations owing to such other Lender, such Benefitted Lender shall purchase for cash from the other Lenders a participating interest in such portion of the Obligations owing to each such other Lender, or shall provide such other Lenders with the benefits of any such collateral, as shall be necessary to cause such Benefitted Lender to share the excess payment or benefits of such collateral ratably with each of the Lenders; provided, however, that if all or any portion of such excess payment or benefits is thereafter recovered from such Benefitted Lender, such purchase shall be rescinded, and the purchase price and benefits returned, to the extent of such recovery, but without interest; provided further, that to the extent prohibited by applicable law as described in the definition of Excluded Swap Obligation, no amounts received from, or set off with respect to, any Guarantor shall be applied to any Excluded Swap Obligations of such Guarantor. (b) In addition to any rights and remedies of the Lenders and the Issuing Lenders provided by law, each Lender and each Issuing Lender shall have the right, without prior notice to any Borrower, any such notice being expressly waived by each Borrower to the extent permitted by applicable law, upon the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, to set off and appropriate and apply against such amount any and all deposits (general or special, time or demand, provisional or final), in any currency, and any other credits, indebtedness or claims, in any currency, in each case whether direct or indirect, absolute or contingent, matured or unmatured, at any time held or owing by such Lender, such Issuing Lender or, in each case, any Affiliate, branch or agency thereof to or for the credit or the account of such Borrower, as the case may be. Each Lender and each Issuing Lender agrees promptly to notify each applicable Borrower and the Administrative Agent after any such setoff and application made by such Lender or such Issuing Lender, provided that the failure to give such notice shall not affect the validity of such setoff and application. 10.8. Counterparts; Effectiveness; Electronic Execution. This Agreement may be executed by one or more of the parties to this Agreement on any number of separate counterparts, and all of said counterparts taken together shall be deemed to constitute one and the same instrument. Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page of (x) this Agreement, (y) any other Loan Document and/or (z) any document, amendment, approval, consent, information, notice (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any notice delivered pursuant to Section 10.2), certificate, request, statement, disclosure or authorization related to this Agreement, any other Loan Document and/or the transactions contemplated hereby and/or thereby (each an Ancillary Document that is an Electronic Signature transmitted by telecopy, emailed pdf. or any other electronic means that reproduces an image of an actual executed signature page shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this Agreement, such other Loan Document or such Ancillary Document, as applicable. The words execution, signed, signature, 169 4877-1242-0416 

delivery, and words of like import in or relating to this Agreement, any other Loan Document and/or any Ancillary Document shall be deemed to include Electronic Signatures, electronic deliveries or the keeping of records in any electronic form (including deliveries by telecopy, emailed pdf. or any other electronic means that reproduces an image of an actual executed signature page), each of which shall be of the same legal effect, validity or enforceability as a manually executed signature, physical delivery thereof or the use of a paper-based recordkeeping system, as the case may be; provided that, without limiting the foregoing, (i) to the extent the Administrative Agent has agreed to accept any Electronic Signature, the Administrative Agent and each of the Lenders shall be entitled to rely on such Electronic Signature purportedly given by or on behalf of the Borrower or any other Loan Party without further verification thereof and without any obligation to review the appearance or form of any such Electronic Signature and (ii) upon the request of the Administrative Agent or any Lender, any Electronic Signature shall be promptly followed by a manually executed counterpart. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Borrower and each Loan Party hereby (A) agrees that, for all purposes, including without limitation, in connection with any workout, restructuring, enforcement of remedies, bankruptcy proceedings or litigation among the Administrative Agent, the Lenders, the Borrower and the Loan Parties, Electronic Signatures transmitted by telecopy, emailed pdf. or any other electronic means that reproduces an image of an actual executed signature page and/or any electronic images of this Agreement, any other Loan Document and/or any Ancillary Document shall have the same legal effect, validity and enforceability as any paper original and (B) the Administrative Agent and each of the Lenders may, at its option, create one or more copies of this Agreement, any other Loan Document and/or any Ancillary Document in the form of an imaged electronic record in any format, which shall be deemed created in the ordinary course of such Person s business, and destroy the original paper document (and all such electronic records shall be considered an original for all purposes and shall have the same legal effect, validity and enforceability as a paper record). 10.9. Severability. Any provision of this Agreement that is prohibited or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, as to such jurisdiction, be ineffective to the extent of such prohibition or unenforceability without invalidating the remaining provisions hereof, and any such prohibition or unenforceability in any jurisdiction shall not invalidate or render unenforceable such provision in any other jurisdiction. 10.10. Integration. This Agreement and the other Loan Documents represent the agreement of the Borrowers, the Administrative Agent and the Lenders with respect to the subject matter hereof, and there are no promises, undertakings, representations or warranties by the Administrative Agent or any Lender relative to subject matter hereof not expressly set forth or referred to herein or in the other Loan Documents. 10.11. GOVERNING LAW. THIS AGREEMENT AND THE RIGHTS AND OBLIGATIONS OF THE PARTIES UNDER THIS AGREEMENT AND THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS AND ANY CLAIM, CONTROVERSY OR DISPUTE ARISING UNDER OR RELATED TO THIS AGREEMENT AND THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS WHETHER IN TORT, CONTRACT (AT LAW OR IN EQUITY) OR OTHERWISE, SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED AND INTERPRETED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK. 10.12. Submission To Jurisdiction; Waivers. (a) Each party hereto hereby irrevocably and unconditionally: (i) submits for itself and its property in any legal action or proceeding relating to this Agreement and the other Loan Documents to which it is a party, or for recognition and enforcement of any judgment in respect thereof, to the exclusive general jurisdiction of the courts 170 4877-1242-0416 

of the State of New York in New York County, the courts of the United States for the Southern District of New York in New York County, and appellate courts from any thereof; (ii) consents that any such action or proceeding may be brought in such courts and waives any objection that it may now or hereafter have to the venue of any such action or proceeding in any such court or that such action or proceeding was brought in an inconvenient court and agrees not to plead or claim the same; (iii) agrees that service of process in any such action or proceeding may be effected by mailing a copy thereof by registered or certified mail (or any substantially similar form of mail), postage prepaid, to such party, as the case may be at its address set forth in Section 10.2 or at such other address of which the other parties shall have been notified pursuant thereto; (iv) agrees that nothing herein shall affect the right to effect service of process in any other manner permitted by law or shall limit the right to sue in any other jurisdiction; and (v) waives, to the maximum extent not prohibited by law, any right it may have to claim or recover in any legal action or proceeding referred to in this Section any special, exemplary, punitive or consequential damages. Nothing in this Agreement or in any other Loan Document shall affect any right each party hereto may otherwise have to enforce any judgment in any action or proceeding relating to this Agreement in the courts of any jurisdiction. (b) Upon any Subsidiary becoming a Foreign Subsidiary Borrower, such Foreign Subsidiary Borrower hereby agrees to irrevocably and unconditionally appoint the Company or an agent for service of process located in the City of New York (the New York Process Agent ), reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, as its agent to receive on behalf of such Foreign Subsidiary Borrower and its property service of copies of the summons and complaint and any other process which may be served in any action or proceeding in any such New York State or Federal court described in paragraph (a) of this Section and agrees promptly to appoint a successor New York Process Agent in the City of New York (which successor New York Process Agent shall accept such appointment in a writing reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent) prior to the termination for any reason of the appointment of the initial New York Process Agent. In any such action or proceeding in such New York State or Federal court, such service may be made on such Foreign Subsidiary Borrower by delivering a copy of such process to such Foreign Subsidiary Borrower in care of the New York Process Agent at the New York Process Agent s address and by depositing a copy of such process in the mails by certified or registered air mail, addressed to such Foreign Subsidiary Borrower at its address specified in the Joinder Agreement (such service to be effective upon such receipt by the New York Process Agent and the depositing of such process in the mails as aforesaid). Each Foreign Subsidiary Borrower hereby irrevocably and unconditionally authorizes and directs the New York Process Agent to accept such service on its behalf. As an alternate method of service, each Foreign Subsidiary Borrower irrevocably and unconditionally consents to the service of any and all process in any such action or proceeding in such New York State or Federal court by mailing of copies of such process to such Foreign Subsidiary Borrower by certified or registered air mail at its address specified in the Joinder Agreement. Each Foreign Subsidiary Borrower agrees that, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, a final judgment in any such action or proceeding shall be conclusive and may be enforced in other jurisdictions by suit on the judgment or in any other manner provided by law. To the extent that any Foreign Subsidiary Borrower has or hereafter may acquire any immunity (sovereign or otherwise) from any legal action, suit or proceeding, from jurisdiction of any court or from 171 4877-1242-0416 

set-off or any legal process (whether service or notice, attachment prior to judgment, attachment in aid of execution of judgment, execution of judgment or otherwise) with respect to itself or any of its property, such Foreign Subsidiary Borrower hereby irrevocably waives and agrees not to plead or claim such immunity in respect of its obligations under this Agreement or any other Loan Document. 10.13. [Reserved]. 10.14. Releases of Guarantees and Liens. (a) The Administrative Agent, the Lenders and the Issuing Lenders irrevocably agree that the Lien on any property and any related guarantee obligations will be automatically released (i) (1) to the extent necessary to permit consummation of any transaction not prohibited by any Loan Document, (2) upon any sale or transfer of Collateral or any other transaction permitted or not prohibited hereunder or under the Loan Documents to any Person that is not a Loan Party, (3) to the extent property constituting Collateral is owned by any Guarantors, upon the release of such Guarantor from its obligations under the Guarantee Agreement or in accordance with the succeeding sentence, (4) so long as no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, to the extent the Collateral becomes Excluded Assets or a Guarantor becomes an Excluded Subsidiary in a transaction permitted hereunder, the primary purpose of which transaction is not to effect the release of such Guarantor or any other Guarantor from its obligations under the Loan Documents, or a Guarantor ceases to be a Subsidiary in a transaction permitted hereunder or (5) that has been consented to in accordance with Section 10.1, (ii) under the circumstances described in paragraph (b) below and (iii) upon the occurrence and during the continuation of a Suspension Period Event, in accordance with the provisions of Section 3.15(c) of the Guarantee Agreement and Section 7.12(b), (f), (g) and (h) of the Collateral Agreement. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein or in any other Loan Document, the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent are hereby irrevocably authorized by each Lender (without requirement of notice to or consent of any Lender except as expressly required by Section 10.1) to take any action (without consent rights) requested by the Company (including to execute and deliver any instruments, documents, consents, acknowledgements, and agreements necessary or desirable to evidence or confirm the release of any Guarantor or Collateral pursuant to the foregoing provisions of this paragraph) having the effect of releasing any Collateral or Loan Party from its guarantee obligations. (b) The Administrative Agent, the Lenders and the Issuing Lenders irrevocably agree that at such time as the Loans, the Reimbursement Obligations and the other obligations under the Loan Documents (other than obligations under or in respect of Lender Hedge Agreements, Lender Cash Management Obligations and contingent indemnity obligations not due and payable) shall have been paid in full, the Commitments have been terminated and no Letters of Credit shall be outstanding (other than Letters of Credit that are cash collateralized or backstopped on terms reasonably satisfactory to the applicable Issuing Lender), the Collateral shall be automatically released from the Liens created by the Security Documents, and the Security Documents and all guarantees and other obligations (other than those expressly stated to survive such termination) of the Company and each Loan Party under the Security Documents shall automatically terminate, all without delivery of any instrument or performance of any act by any Person. (c) The Administrative Agent, the Lenders and the Issuing Lenders irrevocably agree that Liens on assets of the Loan Parties created by the Loan Documents will be automatically terminated and released upon the transfer of such assets to a Foreign Subsidiary (other than a Foreign Subsidiary Borrower) pursuant to Section 7.5(r). The Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent are hereby irrevocably authorized by each Lender (without requirement of notice to or consent of any Lender) to take any action (without consent rights) (including to execute and deliver any instruments, documents, consents, acknowledgements, and agreements necessary or desirable to evidence or confirm the release 172 4877-1242-0416 

pursuant to the foregoing provisions of this paragraph) requested by the Company to effect any termination or release described in this paragraph (c). 10.15. Confidentiality. Each of the Administrative Agent and each Lender and each of their respective Affiliates agrees to keep confidential all information received by them in connection with the Transactions and the related transactions and information received from the Company relating to the Company or its business; provided that nothing herein shall prevent the Administrative Agent or any Lender from disclosing any such Information (a) to the Administrative Agent, any other Lender, any Affiliate of any Lender or any Lender Affiliate (provided that any such Lender Affiliate or Affiliate is advised of its obligation to retain such information as confidential, and such Administrative Agent or Lender shall be responsible for its Affiliates and Lender Affiliates compliance with this paragraph) solely in connection with the Transactions, (b) to any pledgee referred to in Section 10.6(g), any Transferee or prospective Transferee or any insurance or risk protection providers (provided that in no event shall any disclosure of such information be made to any person that is a Disqualified Lender as of the relevant time); provided that the disclosure of any such information to any such party (other than a Federal Reserve Bank or other central banking authority) shall be made subject to the acknowledgment and acceptance by such party that such information is being disseminated on a confidential basis or customary market standards for dissemination of such type of information, (c) to its employees, legal counsel, independent auditors, professionals and other experts or agents who are informed of the confidential nature thereof (provided that the Administrative Agent or Lender shall be responsible for compliance of such persons with this paragraph), (d) upon the request or demand of any Governmental Authority, including audits and examinations conducted by bank accountants, any governmental bank regulatory authority exercising examination or regulatory authority or self-regulatory authorities, in which case (except with respect to any audit or examination conducted by bank accountants or any governmental bank regulatory authority exercising examination or regulatory authority), such party will promptly notify the Company, in advance, to the extent permitted by law, (e) in response to any order of any court or other Governmental Authority or as may otherwise be required pursuant to any Requirement of Law in which case, such party will promptly notify the Company, in advance, to the extent permitted by law, (f) if requested or required to do so in connection with any litigation or similar proceeding in which case, such party will promptly notify the Company, in advance, to the extent permitted by law, (g) to the extent any such information becomes publicly available other than by reason of disclosure by such Administrative Agent or Lender or its Affiliates or representatives in in breach of this Agreement; (h) to any nationally recognized rating agency that requires access to information about a Lender s investment portfolio in connection with ratings issued with respect to such Lender, (i) in connection with the exercise of any remedy hereunder or under any other Loan Document; provided that the disclosure of any such information to any such party shall be made subject to the acknowledgment and acceptance by such party that such information is being disseminated on a confidential basis or customary market standards for dissemination of such type of information, (j) to any direct, indirect, actual or perspective counterparty (and its advisor) to any swap, derivative or securitization transaction related to any obligations or any insurance or risk protection providers in respect thereof (so long as such party agrees to be bound by the provisions of this Section 10.15); provided that the disclosure of any such information to any such party shall be made subject to the acknowledgment and acceptance by such party that such information is being disseminated on a confidential basis or customary market standards for dissemination of such type of information, (k) to the CUSIP Service Bureau or any similar agency in connection with the issuance and monitoring of CUSIP numbers with respect to the Loans or (l) if agreed by the Company in its sole discretion, to any other Person; provided that no information shall be disclosed to a Disqualified Lender. The Administrative Agent, Arrangers and the Lenders may disclose the existence of this Agreement and information about this Agreement that is routinely provided by arrangers to such service providers to market data service providers (including league table providers) that serve the lending industry and to service providers to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders in connection with the administration and management of this Agreement, the Loan Documents and the 173 4877-1242-0416 

Commitments. Nothing in any Loan Document shall prevent disclosure of any confidential information or other matter to the extent that preventing that disclosure would otherwise cause any transaction contemplated by the Loan Documents, or any transaction carried out in connection with any transaction contemplated thereby, to become an arrangement described in Part II A 1 of Annex IV of Directive 2011/16/EU. Each Lender acknowledges that information furnished to it pursuant to this Agreement or the other Loan Documents may include material non-public information concerning the Company and its Affiliates and their related parties or their respective securities, and confirms that it has developed compliance procedures regarding the use of material non-public information and that it will handle such material non-public information in accordance with those procedures and applicable law, including Federal and state securities laws. All information, including requests for waivers and amendments, furnished by the Company or the Administrative Agent pursuant to, or in the course of administering, this Agreement or the other Loan Documents will be syndicate-level information, which may contain material non-public information about the Company and its Affiliates and their related parties or their respective securities. Accordingly, each Lender represents to the Company and the Administrative Agent that it has identified in its administrative questionnaire a credit contact who may receive information that may contain material non-public information in accordance with its compliance procedures and applicable law, including Federal and state securities laws. 10.16. WAIVERS OF JURY TRIAL. THE BORROWER, THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT AND THE LENDERS HEREBY IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY WAIVE TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL ACTION OR PROCEEDING RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT AND FOR ANY COUNTERCLAIM THEREIN. 10.17. Patriot Act. Each Lender that is subject to the requirements of the Patriot Act hereby notifies each Borrower and each Guarantor that pursuant to the requirements of the Patriot Act, it is required to obtain, verify and record information that identifies each Borrower, which information includes the name and address of each Borrower and each Guarantor and other information that will allow such Lender to identify each Borrower and each Guarantor in accordance with the Patriot Act. 10.18. No Fiduciary Duty. Each Borrower hereby acknowledges and agrees that (a) no fiduciary, advisory or agency relationship between the Loan Parties and the Credit Parties is intended to be or has been created in respect of any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or the other Loan Documents, irrespective of whether the Credit Parties have advised or are advising the Loan Parties on other matters, (b) the Credit Parties, on the one hand, and the Loan Parties, on the other hand, have an arm s length business relationship that does not directly or indirectly give rise to, nor do any of the Loan Parties rely on, any fiduciary duty to any of the Loan Parties or their affiliates on the part of the Credit Parties, (c) the Loan Parties are capable of evaluating and understanding, and the Loan Parties understand and accept, the terms, risks and conditions of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, (d) the Loan Parties have been advised that the Credit Parties are engaged in a broad range of transactions that may involve interests that differ from the Loan Parties interests and that the Credit Parties have no obligation to disclose such interests and transactions to the Loan Parties, (e) the Loan Parties have consulted their own legal, accounting, regulatory and tax advisors to the extent the Loan Parties have deemed appropriate, (f) each Credit Party has been, is, and will be acting solely as a principal and, except as otherwise expressly agreed in writing by it and the relevant parties, has not been, is not, and will not be acting as an advisor, agent or fiduciary for the Loan Parties, any of their affiliates or any other Person and (g) none of the Credit Parties has any obligation to the Loan Parties or their affiliates with respect to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or the 174 4877-1242-0416 

other Loan Documents except those obligations expressly set forth herein or therein or in any other express writing executed and delivered by such Credit Party and the Loan Parties or any such affiliate. 10.19. Usury. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in any Loan Document, the interest paid or agreed to be paid under the Loan Documents shall not exceed the maximum rate of non-usurious interest permitted by applicable law (the Maximum Rate ). If Administrative Agent or any Lender shall receive interest in an amount that exceeds the Maximum Rate, the excessive interest shall be applied to the principal of the Obligations or, if it exceeds the unpaid principal, refunded to the applicable Borrower. In determining whether the interest contracted for, charged or received by Administrative Agent or any Lender exceeds the Maximum Rate, such Person may, to the extent permitted by applicable law, (a) characterize any payment that is not principal as an expense, fee or premium rather than interest, (b) exclude voluntary prepayments and the effects thereof, and (c) amortize, prorate, allocate and spread, in equal or unequal parts, the total amount of interest throughout the contemplated term of this Agreement. 10.20. Acknowledgement and Consent to Bail-In of Affected Financial Institutions. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in any Loan Document or in any other agreement, arrangement or understanding among any such parties, each party hereto acknowledges that any liability of any Affected Financial Institution arising under any Loan Document may be subject to the Write-Down and Conversion Powers of the applicable Resolution Authority and agrees and consents to, and acknowledges and agrees to be bound by: (a) the application of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by the applicable Resolution Authority to any such liabilities arising hereunder which may be payable to it by any party hereto that is an Affected Financial Institution; and (b) the effects of any Bail-In Action on any such liability, including, if applicable: (i) a reduction in full or in part or cancellation of any such liability; (ii) a conversion of all, or a portion of, such liability into shares or other instruments of ownership in such Affected Financial Institution, its Company entity, or a bridge institution that may be issued to it or otherwise conferred on it, and that such shares or other instruments of ownership will be accepted by it in lieu of any rights with respect to any such liability under this Agreement or any other Loan Document; or (iii) the variation of the terms of such liability in connection with the exercise of the Write-Down and Conversion Powers of any the applicable Resolution Authority. 10.21. Conversion of Currencies. (a) If, for the purpose of obtaining judgment in any court, it is necessary to convert a sum owing hereunder in one currency into another currency, each party hereto (including, upon any Subsidiary becoming a Subsidiary Borrower, such Subsidiary Borrower) agrees, to the fullest extent that it may effectively do so, that the rate of exchange used shall be that at which, in accordance with normal banking procedures in the relevant jurisdiction, the first currency could be purchased with such other currency on the Business Day immediately preceding the day on which final judgment is given. (b) The obligations of the Company and the Subsidiary Borrowers in respect of any sum due to any party hereto or any holder of the obligations owing hereunder (the Applicable Creditor shall, notwithstanding any judgment in a currency (the Judgment Currency other than the currency in which such sum is stated to be due hereunder (the Agreement Currency ), be discharged only to the 175 4877-1242-0416 

extent that, on the Business Day following receipt by the Applicable Creditor of any sum adjudged to be so due in the Judgment Currency, the Applicable Creditor may in accordance with normal banking procedures in the relevant jurisdiction purchase the Agreement Currency with the Judgment Currency; if the amount of the Agreement Currency so purchased is less than the sum originally due to the Applicable Creditor in the Agreement Currency, the Company and the Subsidiary Borrowers agree, as a separate obligation and notwithstanding any such judgment, to indemnify the Applicable Creditor against such loss. The obligations of the Company and the Subsidiary Borrowers contained in this Section 10.21 shall survive the termination of this Agreement and the payment of all other amounts owing hereunder. 10.22. Separate Obligations. For the avoidance of doubt, the Administrative Agent, each Issuing Lender, each Lender and each Loan Party acknowledges and agrees that, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents, the Obligations of the Foreign Loan Parties under this Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents shall be separate and distinct from the Obligations of the Domestic Loan Parties, and the Obligations of the Foreign Loan Parties shall be expressly limited to the Obligations of the Foreign Subsidiary Borrowers (the Foreign Obligations ). In furtherance of the foregoing, each of the parties acknowledges and agrees that the liability of any Foreign Loan Party for the payment and performance of its covenants, representations and warranties set forth in this Agreement and the other Loan Documents shall be several from and not joint with the Obligations of the Domestic Loan Parties (the Domestic Obligations the Foreign Loan Parties shall not guarantee the Domestic Obligations (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any guarantees by the Domestic Loan Parties of the Foreign Obligations). Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents, the Obligations of the each Swiss Borrower under this Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents shall be separate and distinct from the Obligations of each other Loan Party, and the Obligations of each Swiss Borrower shall be expressly limited to its own Obligations. In furtherance of the foregoing, each of the parties acknowledges and agrees that the liability of each Swiss Borrower for the payment and performance of its covenants, representations and warranties set forth in this Agreement and the other Loan Documents shall be several and not joint with the Obligations of each other Loan Party. Notwithstanding the above, the Domestic Loan Parties shall guarantee the payment and performance of the Foreign Obligations, and the Collateral of the Domestic Loan Parties shall secure such guarantees, in each case as set forth in and in accordance with the applicable Security Documents. 10.23. Several Obligations. The respective obligations of the Lenders under this Agreement are several and not joint and no Lender shall be responsible for the failure of any other Lender to satisfy its obligations hereunder. 10.24. MIRE Events. In connection with any amendment to this Agreement pursuant to which any increase, extension or renewal of Loans is contemplated, the Borrowers shall cause to be delivered to the Administrative Agent for any Mortgaged Property, a completed life of the loan Federal Emergency Management Agency Standard Flood Hazard Determination and for any Mortgaged Property with a building in a special flood hazard area, an acknowledgment by the applicable Loan Party, and evidence of flood insurance, as may be required pursuant to the Flood Laws. 10.25. Acknowledgement Regarding Any Supported QFCs. To the extent that the Loan Documents provide support, through a guarantee or otherwise, for Swap Agreements or any other agreement or instrument that is a QFC (such support QFC Credit Support and each such QFC a Supported QFC ), the parties acknowledge and agree as follows with respect to the resolution power of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation under the Federal Deposit Insurance Act and Title II of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (together with the regulations promulgated thereunder, the U.S. Special Resolution Regimes in respect of such Supported QFC and QFC Credit Support (with the provisions below applicable notwithstanding that the Loan Documents and 176 4877-1242-0416 

any Supported QFC may in fact be stated to be governed by the laws of the State of New York and/or of the United States or any other state of the United States): In the event a Covered Entity that is party to a Supported QFC (each, a Covered Party becomes subject to a proceeding under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime, the transfer of such Supported QFC and the benefit of such QFC Credit Support (and any interest and obligation in or under such Supported QFC and such QFC Credit Support, and any rights in property securing such Supported QFC or such QFC Credit Support) from such Covered Party will be effective to the same extent as the transfer would be effective under the U.S. Special Resolution Regime if the Supported QFC and such QFC Credit Support (and any such interest, obligation and rights in property) were governed by the laws of the United States or a state of the United States. In the event a Covered Party or a BHC Act Affiliate of a Covered Party becomes subject to a proceeding under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime, Default Rights under the Loan Documents that might otherwise apply to such Supported QFC or any QFC Credit Support that may be exercised against such Covered Party are permitted to be exercised to no greater extent than such Default Rights could be exercised under the U.S. Special Resolution Regime if the Supported QFC and the Loan Documents were governed by the laws of the United States or a state of the United States. Without limitation of the foregoing, it is understood and agreed that rights and remedies of the parties with respect to a Defaulting Lender shall in no event affect the rights of any Covered Party with respect to a Supported QFC or any QFC Credit Support. 10.26. No Novation. Each Loan Party hereby confirms that (i) its obligations and liabilities under the Existing Credit Agreement, as modified by this Agreement (and excluding any Tranche B Term Loans (as defined in the Existing Credit Agreement) that are prepaid on the Closing Date) and the other Loan Documents to which it is a party remain in full force and effect on a continuous basis after giving effect to the this Agreement and nothing in this Agreement shall be deemed to be a novation of any of the Obligations, as defined in the Existing Credit Agreement, (ii) the Credit Parties remain entitled to the benefits of the Guarantee Agreement and the security interests granted or created in the Security Documents and the other Loan Documents, (iii) notwithstanding the effectiveness of the terms of this Agreement, the Security Documents and the other Loan Documents are, and shall continue to be, in full force and effect and are ratified and confirmed in all respects and (iv) from and after the Closing Date, each reference to this Agreement , the Credit Agreement or other reference originally applicable to the Existing Credit Agreement contained in any Loan Document shall be a reference to this Agreement, as further amended, supplemented, restated or otherwise modified from time to time. Each Loan Party ratifies and confirms that all Liens granted, conveyed, or assigned to any Agent by such Person pursuant to each Loan Document to which it is a party remain in full force and effect, are not released or reduced, and continue to secure full payment and performance of the Obligations under this Agreement. Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement or any other Loan Document or instrument executed in connection herewith, the execution and delivery of this Agreement and the incurrence of Obligations under this Agreement with respect to the Tranche A Term Facility and the Revolving Facility shall be in substitution in full for, but not in repayment of, the Obligations with respect to such Facilities owed by the Loan Parties under the Existing Credit Agreement. [Remainder ofSignature pages intentionally left blankomitted] 177 4877-1242-0416 

[Signature Page to Credit Agreement] JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., as Administrative Agent, Collateral Agent, Tranche A Term Lender, Revolving Lender, Issuing Lender and Swingline Lender, Name: Title: IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be executed and delivered as of the date first above written. By: 

[Signature Page to Credit Agreement] Title: KONTOOR BRANDS, INC. KONTOOR INTERNATIONAL INTERNATIONAL SAGL By: By: Accepted and agreed to as of the date first written above: Name: Title: Name: 

Annex A-1 4877-1242-0416 0.25 Annex A PRICING GRID FOR REVOLVING FACILITY (INCLUDING SWINGLINE LOANS) AND TRANCHE A TERM FACILITY Baa3 / BBB- III Total Leverage Ratio Ba2 / BB 0.50:1.00 > 1.50:1.00 but 2.50:1.00 1.625 1.375 0.625 Applicable Margin for Term Benchmark Loans / RFR Loans / Daily Simple ESTR Loans / CDOR Loans 0.25 0.375 IV 0.20 Ba 3/ BB- Applicable Margin for ABR Loans / Canadian Prime Rate Loans > 2.50:1.00 but 3.50:1.00 1.75 Level 0.75 II 0.30 Commitment Fee Rate Ba1 / BB+ V B1/ B+ > 0.50:1.00 but 1.50:1.00 > 3.50:1.00 2.00 1.50 1.00 Corporate Rating 0.35 0.50 The Level applicable for determining pricing (the Pricing Level shall be the higher of the Applicable Corporate Rating Level (as defined below) and the Total Leverage Ratio Level (determined as of each Adjustment Date (defined below)) then applicable (it being understood that Level I is the highest Level); provided that if the Applicable Corporate Rating Level and the Total Leverage Ratio Level then applicable fall more than one Level apart, the Pricing Level shall be the Level immediately below the higher of the two. The Applicable Corporate Rating Level shall mean (i) if the corporate ratings of each of S P and Moody s fall within the same Level, such Level, (ii) if the corporate ratings of each of S P and Moody s fall one Level apart, the higher of such Levels and (iii) if the corporate ratings of each of S P and Moody s fall more than one Level apart, the Level immediately below the higher of the two; provided that if only one rating agency shall have in effect a corporate rating (other than by reason of the circumstances referred to in the last sentence of this paragraph), then the Applicable Corporate Rating Level shall be determined by reference to the Level in which such rating falls; provided further that if neither S P nor Moody s has in effect a corporate rating (other than by reason of the circumstances referred to in the last sentence of this paragraph), then the Applicable Corporate Rating Level shall be deemed to be Level V. If the ratings established or deemed to have been established by a rating agency shall be changed (other than as a result of a change in the rating system of such rating agency), such change shall be effective as of the date on which it is first announced by the applicable rating agency, irrespective of when notice of such change shall have been furnished by the Company to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders, and each change in the Pricing Level as a result thereof shall apply during the period commencing on the effective date of such change and ending on the date immediately preceding the effective date of the next such change. If the rating system of S P or Moody s shall change, or if any such rating agency shall cease to be in the business of providing corporate ratings, the Company and the Lenders shall negotiate in good faith an amendment to reflect such changed rating system or the unavailability of corporate ratings from such rating agency and, I 

pending the effectiveness of any such amendment, the Pricing Level shall be determined by reference to the corporate rating of such rating agency most recently in effect prior to such change or cessation. Changes in the Applicable Margin with respect to Revolving Loans, Swingline Loans, Tranche A Term Loans or the Commitment Fee Rate resulting from changes in the Total Leverage Ratio shall become effective on the date (the Adjustment Date on which financial statements have been delivered pursuant to Section 6.1 for the most recently ended fiscal quarter or fiscal year of the Borrower, as applicable, commencing with the first full fiscal quarter of the Borrower following the Closing Date, and shall remain in effect until the next change to be effected pursuant to this paragraph. If any financial statements referred to above are not delivered within the time periods specified above, then, until such financial statements have been delivered (or an earlier date, in the reasonable discretion of the Administrative Agent), the Total Leverage Ratio as at the end of the fiscal period that would have been covered thereby shall for purposes of this definition be deemed to be Level V. Each determination of the Total Leverage Ratio pursuant to this pricing grid shall be made with respect to (or, in the case of clause (a) of the definition thereof, as at the end of) the Test Period ending at the end of the period covered by the relevant financial statements. Annex A-2 4877-1242-0416 

</EX-10.41>

<EX-21>
 3
 kontoor202210-kex21.htm
 EX-21

Document 

Exhibit 21 
 KONTOOR BRANDS, INC. 
 LISTING OF SUBSIDIARIES 2022 
 Entity Name Jurisdiction 20X de Mexico, S. de R.L. de C.V. Mexico Jeanswear de Guatemala, Limitada Guatemala Jeanswear Mexico Holdings, LLC Delaware KBI International Holdings, LLC Delaware Kontoor Asia Trading Limited Hong Kong Kontoor Brands India Private Limited India Kontoor Canada Co. Canada Kontoor Cayman Limited Cayman Islands Kontoor Egypt Consultancy Service Egypt Kontoor Enterprises, LLC Delaware Kontoor Global Holdings Limited United Kingdom Kontoor International Sarl Switzerland Kontoor Management Services, LLC Delaware Kontoor Mauritius Ltd. Mauritius Kontoor Panama S. de R.L. Panama Kontoor Retail, Inc. Delaware Kontoor Sales, Inc. Delaware Kontoor Services, LLC Delaware Kontoor US, LLC Delaware Kontoor Worldwide Ventures, Inc. Delaware KTB Comercializadora de Mexico, S. de R.L. de C.V. Mexico KTB CSS de Mexico, S. de R.L. de C.V. Mexico KTB Internacional, S. de R.L. de C.V. Mexico LeeWrangler Apparel (China) Co., Ltd. China LeeWrangler Apparel (Foshan) Co., Ltd. China LeeWrangler Apparel (Shanghai) Co., Ltd. China LeeWrangler Asia Ltd Hong Kong LeeWrangler Austria GmbH Austria LeeWrangler Belgium BV Belgium LeeWrangler Belgium Services BV Belgium LeeWrangler Czech Republic s.r.o. Czech Republic LeeWrangler Enterprises SpinCo Sagl Switzerland LeeWrangler France S.A.S. France LeeWrangler Germany GmbH Germany LeeWrangler Hellas IKE Greece LeeWrangler Hong Kong Ltd Hong Kong LeeWrangler Hungary KFT Hungary LeeWrangler Investments Holding Sagl Switzerland LeeWrangler Italy Holding S.r.l. Italy LeeWrangler Italy Retail S.r.l. Italy LeeWrangler Italy S.r.l. Italy LeeWrangler Mexico Holding Sagl Switzerland LeeWrangler MMB Investments Sagl Switzerland LeeWrangler Netherlands B.V. Netherlands 

LeeWrangler Netherlands Retail B.V. Netherlands LeeWrangler Nicaragua y Compania Colectiva de Responsabilidad Limitada Nicaragua LeeWrangler Poland sp.z.o.o. Poland LeeWrangler Portugal Lda Portugal LeeWrangler Slovakia s.r.o. Slovakia LeeWrangler Spain S.L.U. Spain LeeWrangler Sweden AB Sweden LeeWrangler Switzerland Holding Sagl Switzerland LeeWrangler Transglobal Sagl Switzerland LeeWrangler U.K. Holdings Limited United Kingdom LeeWrangler U.K. Limited United Kingdom LeeWrangler WH Sourcing Sagl Switzerland Manufacturera WR Alajuela, S.A. Costa Rica Manufacturera Lee de Mexico, S. de R.L. de C.V. Mexico R&R Apparel Company, LLC Delaware Retail Productivity Management, Inc. Delaware The H.D. Lee Company, Inc. Delaware Wrangler Apparel Corp. Delaware Wrangler de Chihuahua, S. de R.L. de C.V. Mexico Wrangler de Mexico, S. de R.L. de C.V. Mexico 
 All subsidiaries listed above are wholly-owned subsidiaries of Kontoor Brands, Inc. as of December 31, 2022. 

</EX-21>

<EX-23.1>
 4
 kontoor202210-kex231.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 
 Exhibit 23.1 

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements on Form S-8 (Nos. 333-231624, 333- 231625, 333-231626, 333-231627, and 333-233252) of Kontoor Brands, Inc. of our report dated March 1, 2023 relating to the financial statements and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, which appears in this Form 10-K. 
 
 s PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP 
 Greensboro, North Carolina 
 March 1, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 kontoor202210-kex311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO 15 U.S.C. SECTION 10A, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Scott H. Baxter, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Kontoor Brands, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 March 1, 2023 s Scott H. Baxter Scott H. Baxter President, Chief Executive Officer and Chair of the Board 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 6
 kontoor202210-kex312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO 15 U.S.C. SECTION 10A, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Rustin Welton, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Kontoor Brands, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 March 1, 2023 s Rustin Welton Rustin Welton Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 7
 kontoor202210-kex321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report of Kontoor Brands, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ending December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Scott H. Baxter, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of my knowledge 
 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 March 1, 2023 s Scott H. Baxter Scott H. Baxter President, Chief Executive Officer and Chair of the Board 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 8
 kontoor202210-kex322.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report of Kontoor Brands, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ending December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Rustin Welton, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of my knowledge 
 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 March 1, 2023 s Rustin Welton Rustin Welton Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 ktb-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 10
 ktb-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 ktb-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 12
 ktb-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 ktb-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

