<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230217_10-K_edgar_data_1551887_0001393905-23-000079.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>3243441</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>237949</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>690832</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>802862</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>591920</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>861590</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001393905-23-000079.hdr.sgml : 20230217
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230217171917
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001393905-23-000079
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		65
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221031
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230217
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230217

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			DUESENBERG TECHNOLOGIES INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001551887
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-PREPACKAGED SOFTWARE [7372]
		IRS NUMBER:				990364150
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			A1
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1031

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-54800
		FILM NUMBER:		23644069

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		NO 21, DENAI ENDAU 3
		STREET 2:		SERI TANJUNG, PINANG
		CITY:			TANJUNG TOKONG, PENANG
		STATE:			N8
		ZIP:			V6E 4A4
		BUSINESS PHONE:		236-304-1287

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		NO 21, DENAI ENDAU 3
		STREET 2:		SERI TANJUNG, PINANG
		CITY:			TANJUNG TOKONG, PENANG
		STATE:			N8
		ZIP:			V6E 4A4

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	VGRAB COMMUNICATIONS INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20150217

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	CORECOMM SOLUTIONS INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20140109

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	VENZA GOLD CORP.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20120608

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001393905-23-000079.txt : 20230217

10-K
 1
 dusyf-20221031.htm
 DUESENBERG TECHNOLOGIES INC. - FORM 10-K SEC FILING

DUESENBERG TECHNOLOGIES INC. - Form 10-K SEC filing 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 
 
 (Mark One) 
 ANNUAL REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For the Fiscal Year Ended 
 
 TRANSITION REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For the transition period from ________________ to _________________ 
 
 Commission File Number 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation or organization) 
 (I.R.S. Employer 
 Identification No.) 

, , Penang, 
 (Address of principal executive offices) 
 
 Registrant s telephone number, including area code: +1- - 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 
 Title of each class 
 Name of each exchange on 
 which each is registered 
 
 N/A 
 N/A 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: Common Stock, without par value 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports); and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 229.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). No . 
 
 Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of registrant s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. 
 i 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer and smaller reporting company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): 
 
 Large accelerated filer 
 Accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 
 
 (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) 
 Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark whether the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of Exchange Act. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the issuer is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 
 State the aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the price at which the common equity was last sold, or the average bid and asked price of such common equity, as of the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter: based on a price of 0.16, which was the last price at which our common equity was last sold as of April 29, 2022. 
 
 Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the registrant s classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date. The number of shares of the registrant s common stock, without par value, outstanding as of February 17, 2023, was . 

ii 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 PART I 
 1 
 
 ITEM 1: BUSINESS 
 1 
 
 ITEM 1A: RISK FACTORS 
 6 
 
 ITEM 1B: UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 11 
 
 ITEM 2: PROPERTIES 
 11 
 
 ITEM 3: LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 11 
 
 ITEM 4: MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 11 
 
 PART II 
 12 
 
 ITEM 5: MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 12 
 
 ITEM 6: SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA . 
 13 
 
 ITEM 7: MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 13 
 
 ITEM 7A: QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 19 
 
 ITEM 8: FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 19 
 
 ITEM 9: CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 20 
 
 ITEM 9A: CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 20 
 
 ITEM 9B: OTHER INFORMATION 
 20 
 
 PART III 
 21 
 
 ITEM 10: DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 21 
 
 ITEM 11: EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 23 
 
 ITEM 12: SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT 
 25 
 
 ITEM 13: CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 27 
 
 ITEM 14: PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 
 29 
 
 PART IV 
 31 
 
 ITEM 15: EXHIBITS 
 31 
 
 SIGNATURES 
 34 

iii 
 
 PART I 
 
 NOTE ABOUT FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements . These forward-looking statements are based on our current expectations, assumptions, estimates and projections about our business and our industry. Words such as believe, anticipate, expect, intend, plan, may, and other similar expressions identify forward-looking statements. In addition, any statements that refer to expectations, projections or other characterizations of future events or circumstances are forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those reflected in the forward-looking statements. Factors that might cause such a difference include, but are not limited to, those discussed in the sections of this annual report titled Risk Factors , Business and Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations , as well as the following: 
 
 our ability to execute prospective business plans; 
 inexperience in developing and mass-producing electric vehicles; 
 actions by government authorities, including changes in government regulation; 
 changes in the electric vehicle market; 
 dependency on certain key personnel and any inability to retain and attract qualified personnel; 
 developments in alternative technologies or improvements in the internal combustion engine; 
 disruption of supply or shortage of raw materials; 
 failure of our conceptual vehicles to perform as expected; 
 failure to manage future growth effectively; 
 future decisions by management in response to changing conditions; 
 inability to design, develop, market and sell electric vehicles and services that address additional market opportunities; 
 inability to keep up with advances in electric vehicle technology; 
 inability to reduce and adequately control operating costs; 
 inability to succeed in maintaining and strengthening the Duesenberg brand; 
 labor and employment risks; 
 misjudgments in the course of preparing forward-looking statements; 
 our ability to raise sufficient funds to carry out our proposed business plan; 
 the unavailability, reduction or elimination of government and economic incentives; 
 uncertainties associated with legal proceedings; 
 general economic conditions, because they may affect our ability to raise money; 
 our ability to raise enough money to continue our operations; 
 changes in regulatory requirements that adversely affect our business; and 
 other uncertainties, all of which are difficult to predict and many of which are beyond our control. 
 
 You are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which relate only to events as of the date on which the statements are made. Except as required by applicable securities laws, we undertake no obligation to publicly revise these forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances that arise after the date of this annual report. You should refer to and carefully review the information in future documents we file with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 
 
 ITEM 1: BUSINESS 
 
 General 
 
 We were incorporated on August 4, 2010, under the laws of the State of Nevada under the name SOS Link Corporation . On April 15, 2011, we changed our place of incorporation from the State of Nevada to the Province of British Columbia, Canada and concurrently changed our name to Venza Gold Corp. The change from Nevada to British Columbia was approved by our shareholders on April 14, 2011. On January 6, 2014, we changed our name to CoreComm Solutions Inc., on February 11, 2015, we changed our name to VGrab Communications Inc., and on December 23, 2020, we changed our name to Duesenberg Technologies Inc (the Company or Duesenberg ). 
 1 
 
 On February 10, 2015, we completed an acquisition of the VGrab software application (the VGrab Application pursuant to the terms of a software purchase agreement dated January 8, 2015 (the Software Purchase Agreement between us and Hampshire Capital Limited Hampshire ). The VGrab Application is a free mobile voucher application developed for smartphones using the Android and Apple iOS operating systems and allows users to redeem vouchers on their smartphones at a number of retailers and merchants. 
 
 On May 17, 2018, we incorporated Duesenberg Technologies Malaysia Sdn Bhd., Duesenberg Malaysia ), under the Malaysia Companies Act 2016. The main business objective of Duesenberg Malaysia is to facilitate and source New Green Energies, such as electric, hydrogen and solar. In addition, Duesenberg Malaysia continues to maintain the developed online e-commerce. Since its incorporation, Duesenberg Malaysia has been working on the development of its SMART System prototype. Duesenberg s SMART System will consist of several modules, including Duesenberg Membership system, which will allow its users to sign up for service/maintenance of Duesenberg vehicles, purchase Duesenberg merchandize, book high-end villas/planes/yachts, via internet or quick response code, also known as QR Code , Duesenberg Cloud Management System DCMS ), and Duesenberg Database Management System DDMS ). DCMS and DDMS form the backbone of Duesenberg s SMART System, allowing to integrate each future developed Duesenberg SMART System s module into the platform. The Company is currently testing the Duesenberg SMART System s functionality before integrating it as part of the Duesenberg s New Energy Vehicle operating system, or marketing it to potential clients as a stand-along system. 
 
 On February 18, 2019, we formed another subsidiary, Duesenberg Technologies Evolution Ltd Duesenberg Evolution ). The main business objective of Duesenberg Evolution is to research new technologies and software integration development techniques and establish connections with potential strategic partners in the Asian region and in P.R. China. In addition, Duesenberg Evolution is to position itself as commodities trader to capture the current market trends in P.R. China. 
 
 On August 14, 2019, Duesenberg Evolution finalized a development of a mobile software application, Duesenberg WeChat Application, which was developed to be used with smartphones in P.R. China using the WeChat on Android and Apple iOS operating systems. Duesenberg WeChat Application allows its users to sign up for memberships, deposit money, purchase products, redeem vouchers, and upload media promotions onto the smartphones. 
 
 In March of 2020 we completed development of the prototype Duesenberg vending machine (the Vending Machine and were attempting to organize the first test run before starting a large-scale production and commercialization of the Vending Machines. Prior to COVID-19 measures, we were expecting to have the first prototype of the Vending Machine installed and operational at a local university by the end of April with further units to be placed across the university s campus and other universities across Malaysia. However, due to COVID-19 measures, we were required to postpone the roll-out until the restrictions set to prevent the spread of virus were lifted and businesses were allowed to resume their normal operations. 
 
 The newly developed Vending Machine is customizable to sell variety of consumer products ranging from traditional snacks, soft drinks, and coffee, to prepaid mobile cards and other goods, while simultaneously displaying advertisements and other various promotional content. Each Vending Machine is based on the operating system developed by us, and is supplied with a credit card reader and a QR Code reader, which facilitate not only payments with credit cards, but also enables payments via eWallet and other membership-based payments. Due to the Company s current focus on development of New Energy and Heritage Vehicles, we have temporarily stopped our development and marketing of the Vending Machine. 
 
 On November 1, 2019, we incorporated Duesenberg Inc., a Nevada corporation Duesenberg Nevada ). The purpose of Duesenberg Nevada is to undertake the development of Electric Vehicles Duesenberg EV using the Duesenberg brand. We were given the rights to use the Duesenberg trademark name in 2018. In order to develop the Duesenberg EV we are planning to partner with 3-rd party developers and suppliers in the United States of America. We plan on using our Duesenberg SMART System as part of the Duesenberg EV s operating system. 
 
 On January 8, 2021, Duesenberg Nevada signed an agreement with Rocket Supreme, the Barcelona, Spain automotive design house established by Christopher Reitz. As of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, we have received initial ergonomics exterior and interior data sheets and CAS IGES files as well as the initial drafts of the exterior and interior designs for the Duesenberg EV. We expect the final design of the first Duesenberg EV to be released in mid to late 2023. Based on the initial drafts, we commenced negotiations with various manufacturers required to continue the development and manufacturing of the required components for the Duesenberg s EV. Majority of current work is being outsourced to Hampshire Automotive Sdn Bhd Hampshire Automotive ), an entity related to the Company, 
 2 
 
 who has already established necessary connections with suppliers and other manufacturers required for manufacturing of the Heritage Vehicles. 
 
 On May 21, 2021, we formed Duesenberg Heritage LLC. under the laws of the State of Nevada Duesenberg Heritage ). Duesenberg Heritage s operations will be focused on reproducing very limited Duesenberg heritage vehicles, the Duesenberg Model J and Boat Tail series, which were originally manufactured in the 1920s and 1930s. The Company is currently in the initial stage of its prototype development and expects that the pre-production of the heritage vehicles from that era (as well as possibly converting them to electrical models) will commence during the Fiscal 2023. The pre-production process is expected to be time consuming and will require highly specialized and skilled tradesman. In order to facilitate this, the management is actively looking to engage or hire qualified consultants, and for the ways to finance the process. 
 
 In order to support the development and future production of Duesenberg EV or New Energy Vehicles NEV as well as Duesenberg Heritage vehicles, we will require significant financing. During the year ended October 31, 2022, we closed two private placement financings (the Financings by issuing a total of 11,113,152 shares of our common stock (the Shares for gross proceeds of 1,567,184. The Shares were issued pursuant to the provisions of Regulation S of the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Act to the persons who are not residents of the United States and are otherwise not U.S. Persons as that term is defined in Rule 902(k) of Regulation S of the Act. The funds we have raised in the above Financings are not sufficient to bring our Duesenberg EV and Duesenberg Heritage vehicle production plans to completion, and we will require additional funding. We cannot assure the reader that we will be successful in securing the further funding as required. 
 
 Business of Duesenberg Technologies Inc. 
 
 We continue to expand and evolve our corporate strategy. During the year ended October 31, 2021, we made another shift to integrate our SMART Systems with development of Duesenberg EV and NEV, and Duesenberg Heritage vehicles, capitalizing on our rights to the use of the Duesenberg brand. Since the acquisition of the Vgrab Technology in 2015, the Company has been in the business of advanced information technology. We believe the integration of our SMART Systems with NEV industry will allow the Company to open a new frontier in advancing its technology. 
 
 Alongside with venturing into Duesenberg NEV and Duesenberg Heritage vehicle development, we continue working on the development of our SMART Systems and Vending Machines. Since the early months of 2020 the retail and consumer markets have been largely affected by the COVID-19 pandemic; majority of our potential clients for the SMART Systems and the Vending Machines have decided to postpone any purchases or joint ventures until such time that the global economy starts to recover. The Company decided to use the global situation brought on by COVID-19 pandemic as an opportunity to pivot, realign, and improve its SMART Systems based on the current and future expected market trends. 
 
 We see the current problem of energy resources, and eminent lack thereof, becoming one of the most important trends in the industry. Many various industries are turning towards development and use of clean, renewable energy sources, such as solar energy, wind energy, etc. Announcement of prototypes of electric vehicles and their mass productions scheduled for the near future are becoming everyday occurrence. Many vehicles are being designed to use only electricity as their main source of power. 
 
 With the development of Duesenberg EV and redevelopment of Duesenberg Heritage vehicles for the use with electric platform, the Company will be involved in the NEV technology revolution and is determined to redefine the primal relationship between vehicle and a driver, which has been trending in the last decade. Duesenberg s future EV technologies will be incorporated in nearly every component of Duesenberg s vehicles, from dashboard panels and passenger zones to the engine configuration, braking systems, headlights and tires, without minimizing attention to building comfortable and luxurious interiors for all of the individual handcrafted vehicles. 
 
 The Company s goal is to become climate-neutral across our full value chain, in line with the goals of the Paris Agreement, a legally binding international treaty on climate change, which was adopted by 196 Parties at the twenty-first session of the Conference of the Parties COP 21 in Paris, on December 12, 2015, and entered into force on November 4, 2016 1 . We are committed to energy resiliency through Duesenberg s Vehicle Development in Energy 
 1 https://unfccc.int/process-and-meetings/the-paris-agreement/the-paris-agreement 
 3 
 
 Transition Goal 2 . The Paris Agreement identified an immediate and urgent need to reduce greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions to help mitigate the effects of climate change, through reduction of energy use, and improvement of air quality. 
 
 Our Strategy and Distribution 
 
 Our marketing strategy will be based mainly on ensuring Duesenberg s NEV and Duesenberg Heritage vehicles, associated products, and Duesenberg brand are recognizable and trusted. We plan on achieving this goal through ensuring the adequate and timely information coupled with excellent service targeted towards our clients. Duesenberg brand is a well-known heritage brand and is highly respected in the automotive industry; we intend to uphold the standards set by its founders with our Duesenberg EV, Heritage vehicles, and products based on our SMART Technologies. 
 
 We anticipate that initial target users of Duesenberg NEV as well as Duesenberg Heritage vehicles would consist of high net-worth individuals or car collectors. While in development of the prototype Duesenberg EV, we are planning to manufacture a limited-edition Duesenberg EV and Heritage vehicle packages to market to potential high net-worth individuals as Founder s Series. 
 
 The conceptual design of our electric vehicle does not have many of the legacy issues of current car manufacturers which allows Duesenberg EV and Heritage vehicles body, construction, and powertrain infrastructure to be implemented in a far more cost-effective way than the existing car industry with more advanced use of latest advanced vehicle composites and advanced vehicle body frame techniques than traditional manufacturing allows. 
 
 In order to achieve our goals and commence the manufacturing of the Founder s Series vehicles, we will require substantial financing to secure various vendors, consultants, designers, manufacturers, and so on. There is no assurance that the Company will be able to secure the necessary financing to finalize the design and commence manufacturing of the Duesenberg EV and Heritage vehicles, nor is there any assurance that the scheduled milestones will be attained as envisioned in our current plan of development. 
 
 Competition 
 
 The next generation of luxury automotive manufacturers are focusing on autonomous vehicles, connected vehicles, electric vehicles, and shared mobility trends. Automakers in the space of luxury electric vehicles are becoming more flexible, incorporating advanced technological and technical innovations. 
 
 Duesenberg is planning to enter the United States market as the only Ultra-Premium electrical vehicle. The Company will be required to compete with other non-electric Ultra-Premium combustion vehicles (for example Bentley, Rolls Royce, Mercedes-Maybach, etc.) as well as non-ultra-premium electrical vehicles (for example Tesla). 
 
 Our competitors include companies that have substantially greater financial resources, staff and facilities than us. Our failure to obtain and maintain a competitive position within the market could have a materially adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Government Regulations 
 
 We are subject to a number of foreign and domestic laws and regulations that affect companies conducting business in the automotive industry and also on the Internet. Additionally, these laws and regulations may be interpreted differently across domestic and foreign jurisdictions. As a company in a new and rapidly growing industry, we are exposed to certain risks that many of these laws may change and are subject to uncertain interpretations. These laws and regulations may involve intellectual property, product liability and consumer protection, distribution, competition, online payment and point of sale services, employee, merchant and customer privacy and data security, taxes or other areas. 
 
 2 https://www.irena.org/energytransition ; Energy transition Goal is a transformation from fossil-based to zero-carbon emission. 
 4 

Patents and Trademarks 
 
 On June 25, 2018, the Company, through VGrab International Limited, its subsidiary, which has since been dissolved, acquired the rights from Brightcliff Ltd. and Hampshire Motors Group Ltd. for the use and development of its products under the brand of Duesenberg. The rights to use the Duesenberg brand expire on June 24, 2038. 
 
 Our former VGrab name has also been trademarked under the registration certificate no 2014002852. The registration gives us non-exclusive right to use a letter V . The trademark is valid until March 14, 2024. 
 
 Dependence on Major Customers 
 
 As at the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K we provide our services to Duesey Coffee and Chocolates Sdn Bhd Duesey Coffee on a month-to-month basis. Mr. Lim Hun Beng, our CEO and President, is a 50 shareholder of Duesey Coffee. Duesey Coffee agreed to a monthly fee of 10,000 Malaysian Ringgit (approximately USD 2,450), however, due to complexity of current markets, Duesey Coffee is not able to pay us for the services, therefore as of July 31, 2022, we stopped recognizing revenue from Duesey Coffee, and we wrote off receivable from Duesey Coffee to bad debts. 
 
 During the year ended October 31, 2022, we also provided our services to Duesey Coffee in P.R. China, managed by Shanghai Duesenberg Marketing Planning Co Ltd, for whom we developed certain WeChat Online products. However this customer went out of business in early February of 2023, due to COVID-19. 
 
 In August of 2021, our Duesenberg platform, based on Duesenberg SMART Systems, started generating revenue from our online store, which allows us to sell third-party-products. As of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K we have signed contracts with two vendors, however, due to slow-down in the global economy we were unable to expand this business segment and did not generate any revenue during the year ended October 31, 2022. 
 
 In addition to the customers mentioned above, on June 25, 2018, our former wholly-owned subsidiary, VGrab International Ltd., which has been dissolved during our Fiscal 2021, entered into a cooperation agreement on a profit-sharing basis (the Agreement with Hampshire Motor Group (China) Ltd. HMGC ), a related corporation, for the development and marketing of Duesenberg brand (the Brand licensed to HMGC by the original Duesenberg trademark owner. In February 2021, VGrab International Ltd assigned the cooperation agreement to Duesenberg Evolution. All terms and conditions of the cooperation agreement remain unchanged. 
 
 Pursuant to the Agreement, VGrab International agreed to work with HMGC on developing marketing, advertising and customer relation programs for Duesenberg s brands, with newly-developed sub-brand, Duesey, and its Duesey Coffee being the initial product offering. VGrab International was also expected to participate in the development of new products utilizing Duesenberg Trademark. 
 
 The term of the Agreement is 10 years, with an option to extend the Agreement for an additional 10-year period. Based on the Agreement, we will be entitled to a percentage of revenue generated from the sales of any new products developed by VGrab International or jointly with HMGC, which percentage will be determined as follows: (i) 94 from revenue of up to 100,000, and (ii) 95 from revenue of over and above 100,000. In addition, we will also be entitled to a percentage of revenue generated from the sales of the products developed by HMGC prior to the entry into the Agreement based on the following schedule: (i) 20 from revenue of up to 100,000, (ii) 15 from revenue of up to 500,000, (iii) 10 from revenue of up to 1,000,000, and (iv) 5 from revenue of over and above 1,000,000. As of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, we have not recorded any revenue associated with the Agreement, as the services have not started yet. 
 
 Research and Development 
 
 During the fiscal year ended October 31, 2022, we incurred 1,000,209 (2021 - 848,291) on our research and development efforts on the Duesenberg s vehicle design, Computer Aided Drawings (CAD) and development of the prototype vehicle. 
 
 Number of Total Employees and Number of Full Time Employees 
 
 As at the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K our subsidiary, Duesenberg Malaysia, has 8 employees. Mr. Lim, our CEO and President, and Mr. Liong, our CFO, Corporate Secretary and the Treasurer, are on payroll of Duesenberg 
 5 
 
 Evolution. Duesenberg Nevada employs Mr. Norman as Chief Strategy Officer while our parent Company and Duesenberg Heritage had no employees during its Fiscal 2021 and 2022 years, and relied on the services of third-party consultants to support the operations. 
 
 ITEM 1A: RISK FACTORS 
 
 IN ADDITION TO THE FACTORS DISCUSSED ELSEWHERE IN THIS ANNUAL REPORT, THE FOLLOWING RISKS AND UNCERTAINTIES COULD MATERIALLY ADVERSELY AFFECT OUR BUSINESS, FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS. ADDITIONAL RISKS AND UNCERTAINTIES NOT PRESENTLY KNOWN TO US OR THAT WE CURRENTLY DEEM IMMATERIAL ALSO MAY IMPAIR OUR BUSINESS OPERATIONS AND FINANCIAL CONDITION. 
 
 We lack an operating history and have losses which we expect to continue into the future. As a result, we may have to suspend or cease our operations and if we do not obtain sufficient financing, our business will fail. 
 
 We were incorporated on August 4, 2010, however as of the date of the filing of this Annual Report on Form 10-K we were not successful in achieving profitability through our operations. 
 
 Our ability to achieve and maintain profitability and positive cash flow from our operations is dependent upon: (i) our ability to successfully market our Duesenberg EV and Heritage vehicles to potential customers, (ii) our ability to obtain and retain customers, (iii) attract and retain merchants who wish to offer deals through our Duesenberg Applications and who will use our SMART Systems, (iv) react to challenges from existing and new competitors; and (v) increase the awareness of our brands domestically and internationally. 
 
 In order to continue our operations, we will be required to raise additional capital through financing, which would be subject to a number of factors, including market fluctuations, customer confidence, and general economic condition. These factors may make the timing, amount, terms or conditions of additional financing unavailable to us. Since our inception, we have used our common shares to raise money for our operations. We have not attained profitable operations and are dependent upon obtaining financing to pursue our plan of operation. 
 
 Because we are in a development stage of our operations, our business has a high risk of failure. 
 
 As of the date of the filing of this Annual Report on Form 10-K we are in a development stage of our operations and have incurred net losses since our inception. We have yet to attain profitable operations and are dependent upon obtaining adequate financing to carry out our business activities. The success of our business operations will depend upon our ability to obtain further financing to complete our planned development and marketing programs and to attain profitable operations. Companies in development stage of their operations often encounter difficulties in generating revenue from services or from selling their products, and the risk of failure of these companies is high. If we are not able to complete our strategy and successfully develop and market our Duesenberg applications, SMART Systems, as well as Duesenberg EV and Heritage vehicles, we will not be able to attain sustainable profitable operations, resulting in failure of our business. 
 
 We have significant risks of failure associated with our business expansion into electric vehicles. There is uncertainty regarding our ability to execute prospective business plans as a result of our inexperience in developing and mass-producing electric vehicles. As a result, we will depend on certain key personnel and may not be able to retain and attract qualified personnel. We run risks associated with developments in alternative technologies or improvements in the internal combustion engine. There is also a risk that our conceptual vehicles will fail to perform as expected. 
 
 We have determined there is substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern; as a result, we could have difficulty finding additional financing. 
 
 Our audited consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming that we will continue as a going concern. We have not generated any revenue from our main operations since inception and have accumulated losses. Our ability to continue our operations depends on our ability to complete equity or debt financings or generate profitable operations. Such financings may not be available or may not be available on reasonable terms. Our financial statements do not include any adjustments that could result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 
 6 
 
 Because our largest shareholder, Lim Hun Beng, who is also our CEO and director beneficially controls 55.56 of our outstanding common stock, investors may find that corporate decisions influenced by Hampshire Group and Mr. Lim are inconsistent with the best interests of other stockholders. 
 
 Mr. Lim Hun Beng, or CEO and director directly controls 13.19 of our common stock, Hampshire Capital Limited controls 32.53 , Hampshire Motors Group Ltd. controls 2.26 , and Hampshire Brands (PTE) Ltd. controls 7.57 of the issued and outstanding shares of our common stock. Mr. Lim Hun Beng is director and major shareholder of Hampshire Capital, Hampshire Motors, and Hampshire Brands (together referred here as Hampshire Group and, accordingly, beneficially controls 55.56 or our common stock. In accordance with our Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws, Hampshire Group is able to control who is elected to our board of directors and thus could act, or could have the power to act, as our management. 
 
 The interests of Hampshire Group may not be, at all times, the same as those of other shareholders. Hampshire Group has the ability to significantly influence the outcome of most corporate actions requiring shareholder approval, including the merger of our company with or into another company, the sale of all or substantially all of our assets and amendments to our Articles of Incorporation. This concentration of ownership with Hampshire Group may also have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a change in control of Duesenberg which may be disadvantageous to minority shareholders. 
 
 We face intense competition. 
 
 Our business is evolving and intensely competitive, and is subject to changing technology, shifting user needs, and frequent introductions of new products and services. 
 
 We expect competition in e-commerce as well as the automotive industry, as it pertains to electrical vehicles, to continue to increase. Our current and potential competitors range from large and established companies to emerging start-ups. Established companies have longer operating histories and more established relationships with customers and users, and they can use their experience and resources against us in a variety of competitive ways, including acquisitions, investing aggressively in research and development, competing aggressively for advertisers, and using economies of scale, to name a few. 
 
 If our competitors are more successful than we are in developing compelling products, manufacturing vehicles, or in attracting and retaining customers, our potential for generating revenues and growth could decline. 
 
 Our success is dependent upon our ability to provide a superior mobile experience for our customers and merchants. 
 
 In order to continue to grow our mobile transactions, it is critical that our application works well with a range of mobile technologies, systems, networks and standards. Our business may be adversely affected if our customers choose not to access our offerings on their mobile devices or use mobile devices that do not offer access to our mobile applications. Similarly, our business may suffer if our merchants choose not to advertise through our applications or choose not to use our SMART Systems services. 
 
 We may be subject to claims that we violated intellectual property rights of others, which claims are extremely costly to defend and could require us to pay significant damages and limit our ability to operate. 
 
 Companies in the Internet and technology industries, and other patent and trademark holders seeking to profit from royalties in connection with grants of licenses, own large numbers of patents, copyrights, trademarks and trade secrets and frequently enter into litigation based on allegations of infringement or other violations of intellectual property rights. We acquired the VGrab Application from an original developer, however, there may be intellectual property rights held by others, including patents, copyrighted works and/or trademarks, which cover significant aspects of our technology. Any intellectual property claims against us, regardless of merit, could be time consuming and expensive to settle or litigate and could divert management s attention and other resources. These claims also could subject us to significant liability for damages and could result in our having to stop using technology or content found to be in violation of another party s rights. We might be required or may opt to seek a license for rights to intellectual property held by others, which may not be available on commercially reasonable terms, or at all. Even if a license is available, we could be required to pay significant royalties, which would increase our operating expenses. We may also be required to develop alternative non-infringing technology, or content, which could require significant effort and 
 7 
 
 expense and make us less competitive in the relevant market. Any of these results could harm our business and financial performance. 
 
 We have a limited number of products. 
 
 Our EV and Heritage vehicles are still in a concept phase, and we will not be able to generate revenue from them for an extended period of time. Therefore our business is reliant on the marketing and sale of our Duesenberg Applications, and Duesenberg SMART Systems. If these products do not achieve sufficient market acceptance, it will be difficult for us to achieve consistent profitability. 
 
 If our software is defective, it will adversely affect our business. 
 
 Our Duesenberg Applications, Duesenberg Platform, and SMART Systems may contain undetected errors, defects or bugs. Although we have not suffered significant harm from any errors, defects or bugs to date, we may discover significant errors, defects or bugs in the future that we may not be able to correct or correct in a timely manner. 
 
 It is possible that errors, defects or bugs will be found in our existing or future software products and related services with the possible results of delays in, or loss of market acceptance of, our products and services, diversion of our resources, injury to our reputation, increased service and warranty expenses and payment of damages. 
 
 We have limited brand awareness and there is no assurance that we will be able to achieve brand awareness. 
 
 We have achieved limited brand awareness with respect to our Duesenberg Applications, Duesenberg Platform., and SMART Systems. There is no assurance that we will be able to achieve brand awareness. In addition, we must develop a successful market for our products in order to complete sales. If we are not able to develop successful markets for our products, then such failure will have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results. 
 
 We sometimes hold a significant portion of our cash in Malaysian Ringgit, which could weaken our purchasing power in other currencies and limit our ability to conduct our development programs. 
 
 Currency fluctuations could affect the costs of our operations and affect our operating results and cash flows. The appreciation of Canadian dollar, U.S. dollar, and Hong Kong dollar against Malaysian Ringgit can increase the costs of our operations. 
 
 If we are unable to hire and retain key personnel, we may not be able to implement our business plan and our business will fail. 
 
 Our success will largely depend on our ability to hire highly qualified personnel with experience in marketing, programming, data architecture and design. These individuals may be in high demand and we may not be able to attract the staff we need. In addition, we may not be able to afford the high salaries and fees demanded by qualified personnel or may lose such employees after they are hired. Currently, we have not hired any key personnel. Our failure to hire key personnel when needed could have a significant negative effect on our business. 
 
 The JOBS Act allows us to postpone the date by which we must comply with certain laws and regulations and reduces the amount of information provided in reports filed with the SEC. We cannot be certain if the reduced disclosure requirements applicable to emerging growth companies may make our common stock less attractive to investors. 
 
 We are and we will remain an emerging growth company until the earliest of (i) the last day of the fiscal year during which our total annual revenues equal or exceed 1 billion (subject to adjustment for inflation), (ii) the last day of the fiscal year following the fifth anniversary of our initial public offering, (iii) the date on which we have, during the previous three-year period, issued more than 1 billion in non-convertible debt securities, or (iv) the date on which we are deemed a large accelerated filer (with at least 700 million in public float) under the Exchange Act. For so long as we remain an emerging growth company as defined in the JOBS Act, we may take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies as described in further detail in the risk factors below. There may be a situation where investors may find our common stock less attractive because we rely on some or all of these exemptions. If some investors find our common stock less attractive as a result, we may experience decreased trading market for our common stock 
 8 
 
 making our stock price more volatile. Since we avail ourselves of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements, our reduced disclosure may make it more difficult for investors and securities analysts to evaluate us and may result in less investor confidence. 
 
 Our election not to opt out of JOBS Act extended accounting transition period may not make its financial statements easily comparable to other companies. 
 
 Pursuant to the JOBS Act, as an emerging growth company , we can elect to opt out of the extended transition period for any new or revised accounting standards that may be issued by the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (PCAOB) or the SEC. We have elected not to opt out of such extended transition period, which means that when a standard is issued or revised and it has different application dates for public or private companies, our company, as an emerging growth company , can adopt the standard for the private company. This may make comparison of our financial statements with any other public company which is not either an emerging growth company nor an emerging growth company which has opted out of using the extended transition period difficult or impossible, as possible different or revised standards may be used. 
 
 The JOBS Act also allows our company to postpone the date by which we must comply with certain laws and regulations intended to protect investors and to reduce the amount of information provided in reports filed with the SEC. 
 
 The JOBS Act is intended to reduce the regulatory burden on emerging growth companies . We meet the definition of an emerging growth company and so long as we qualify as an emerging growth company, we will, among other things: 
 
 be exempt from the provisions of Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act requiring that its independent registered public accounting firm provide an attestation report on the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting; 
 
 be exempt from the say on pay provisions (requiring a non-binding shareholder vote to approve compensation of certain executive officers) and the say on golden parachute provisions (requiring a non-binding shareholder vote to approve golden parachute arrangements for certain executive officers in connection with mergers and certain other business combinations) of The Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (Dodd-Frank Act) and certain disclosure requirements of the Dodd-Frank Act relating to compensation of Chief Executive Officers; 
 
 be permitted to omit the detailed compensation discussion and analysis from proxy statements and reports filed under the Exchange Act, as amended and instead provide a reduced level of disclosure concerning executive compensation; and 
 
 be exempt from any rules that may be adopted by the PCAOB requiring mandatory audit firm rotation or a supplement to the auditor s report on the financial statements. 
 
 We have been implementing all of the reduced regulatory and reporting requirements that are available to the Company under the JOBS Act. We have elected not to opt out of the extension of time to comply with new or revised financial accounting standards available under Section 102(b)(1) of the JOBS Act. Among other things, this means that our independent registered public accounting firm is not required to provide an attestation report on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting so long as we qualify as an emerging growth company , which may increase the risk that weaknesses or deficiencies in the internal control over financial reporting go undetected. Likewise, so long as we qualify as an emerging growth company , we may elect not to provide certain information, including certain financial information and certain information regarding compensation of executive officers, which would otherwise have been required to be provided in filings with the SEC, which may make it more difficult for investors and securities analysts to evaluate us. As a result, investor confidence in our company and the market price of our common stock may be adversely affected. 
 
 Notwithstanding the above, we are also currently a smaller reporting company , meaning that we are not an investment company, an asset-backed issuer, or a majority-owned subsidiary of a parent company that is not a smaller reporting company and have a public float of less than 75 million and annual revenues of less than 50 million during the most recently completed fiscal year. In the event that we are still considered a smaller reporting company , at such time we cease being an emerging growth company , the disclosure we will be required to provide in our SEC 
 9 
 
 filings will increase, but will still be less than it would be if we were not considered either an emerging growth company or a smaller reporting company . Specifically, similar to emerging growth companies , smaller reporting companies are able to provide simplified executive compensation disclosures in their filings; are exempt from the provisions of Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act requiring that independent registered public accounting firms provide an attestation report on the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting; are not required to conduct say-on-pay and frequency votes until annual meetings occurring on or after January 21, 2013; and have certain other decreased disclosure obligations in their SEC filings, including, among other things, only being required to provide two years of audited financial statements in annual reports. Decreased disclosures in our SEC filings due to our status as an emerging growth company or smaller reporting company may make it harder for investors to analyze the Company s results of operations and financial prospects. 
 
 Because majority of our directors are not independent, they can make and control corporate decisions that may be disadvantageous to other common shareholders. 
 
 Our shares of common stock are listed on OTC Markets inter-dealer quotation system, which does not have director independence requirements. For the purpose of determining director independence, we have adopted the independence requirements of Canadian National Instrument 52-110 - Audit Committees NI 52-110 as we are an OTC reporting issuer in the province of British Columbia. NI 52-110 recommends that the Board of Directors of a public company be constituted with a majority of individuals who qualify as independent directors. An independent director is a director who has no direct or indirect material relationship with us. A material relationship is a relationship, which could, in the view of the Board of Directors, reasonably interfere with the exercise of a director s independent judgment. Four of our current five directors cannot be considered independent. Mr. Ong, See-Ming and Mr. J rgen Barth are not independent directors due to their share position in the Company. Mr. Lim, Hun Beng is not an independent director because, aside from being our CEO and President, he also beneficially holds 55.56 of our issued and outstanding shares of common stock. Mr. Liong, Fook Weng is not an independent director because of his current position as CFO and Secretary of the Company, as well as the share position in the Company. 
 
 We do not expect to declare or pay dividends in the foreseeable future. 
 
 We have never paid cash dividends on our common stock and have no plans to do so in the foreseeable future. We intend to retain any earnings to develop, carry on, and expand our business. 
 
 Penny stock rules may make buying or selling our common stock difficult, and severely limit its marketability and liquidity. 
 
 Because our securities are considered a penny stock, shareholders will be more limited in their ability to sell their shares. The SEC has adopted rules that regulate broker-dealer practices in connection with transactions in penny stocks. Penny stocks are generally equity securities with a price of less than 5.00, other than securities registered on certain national securities exchanges or quoted on the Nasdaq system, provided that current price and volume information with respect to transactions in such securities is provided by the exchange or quotation system. Because our securities constitute penny stocks within the meaning of the rules, the rules apply to us and to our securities. The rules may further affect the ability of owners of shares to sell our securities in any market that might develop for them. As long as the trading price of our common shares is less than 5.00 per share, the common shares will be subject to Rule 15g-9 under the Exchange Act. The penny stock rules require a broker-dealer, prior to a transaction in a penny stock, to deliver a standardized risk disclosure document prepared by the SEC, that: 
 
 1. contains a description of the nature and level of risk in the market for penny stocks in both public offerings and secondary trading; 
 2. contains a description of the broker s or dealer s duties to the customer and of the rights and remedies available to the customer with respect to a violation to such duties or other requirements of securities laws; 
 3. contains a brief, clear, narrative description of a dealer market, including bid and ask prices for penny stocks and the significance of the spread between the bid and ask price; 
 4. contains a toll-free telephone number for inquiries on disciplinary actions; 
 5. defines significant terms in the disclosure document or in the conduct of trading in penny stocks; and 
 6. contains such other information and is in such form, including language, type, size and format, as the SEC shall require by rule or regulation. 
 
 The broker-dealer also must provide, prior to effecting any transaction in a penny stock, the customer with: (a) bid and offer quotations for the penny stock; (b) the compensation of the broker-dealer and its salesperson in the 
 10 
 
 transaction; (c) the number of shares to which such bid and ask prices apply, or other comparable information relating to the depth and liquidity of the market for such shares; and (d) a monthly account statements showing the market value of each penny stock held in the customer s account. In addition, the penny stock rules require that prior to a transaction in a penny stock not otherwise exempt from those rules; the broker-dealer must make a special written determination that the penny stock is a suitable investment for the purchaser and receive the purchaser s written acknowledgment of the receipt of a risk disclosure statement, a written agreement to transactions involving penny stocks, and a signed and dated copy of a written suitably statement. These disclosure requirements may have the effect of reducing the trading activity in the secondary market for our shares. 
 
 ITEM 1B: UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 
 None. 
 
 ITEM 2: PROPERTIES 
 
 We currently do not own any real property. Our operations management executive office is located at No 21, Denai Endau 3, Seri Tanjung Pinang,10470 Tanjung Tokong, Penang, Malaysia. The Company s Canadian office is located at 820-1130 Pender Street West, Vancouver, British Columbia, V6E 4A4, and consists of approximately 25 square feet, which are provided to us free of charge. 
 
 Registered and records offices of our subsidiaries are as follows: 
 
 Duesenberg Inc. and Duesenberg Heritage LLC registered and records office is located at 401 Ryland St STE 200-A, Reno, NV 89502, USA. 
 Duesenberg Technologies Malaysia s registered and records office is located at Level 33A, Menara 1MK, Kompleks 1 Mont Kiara N0.1 Jalan Kiara, Mont Kiara, 50480 Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia. 
 Duesenberg Technologies Evolution s registered and records office is located at Room 2401, 24/Fl., CC Wu Building, 302-308 Hennessy Road, Wanchai, Hong Kong. 
 
 Other than these offices, we do not currently maintain any other facilities and do not anticipate the need for maintaining other facilities at any time in the foreseeable future. 
 
 ITEM 3: LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 
 We are not a party to any pending legal proceedings and, to the best of our knowledge, none of our claims or assets are the subject of any pending legal proceedings. 
 
 ITEM 4: MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 
 Not applicable. 

11 

PART II 
 
 ITEM 5: MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 
 Market Information 
 
 Our common stock commenced trading on OTC Markets inter-dealer quotation system under the symbol VZAGF on March 8, 2013. On January 8, 2014, we changed our name to CoreComm Solutions Inc., and our stock symbol changed to COCMF; on February 11, 2015, we changed our name to VGrab Communications Inc., and our stock symbol changed to VGRBF; on December 23, 2020, we changed our name to Duesenberg Technologies Inc., and our stock symbol changed to DUSYF effective December 29, 2020. 
 
 The table below gives the high and low bid information for each fiscal quarter for the last two fiscal years. The bid information was obtained from OTC Markets Group Inc. and reflects inter-dealer prices, without retail mark-up, mark-down or commission, and may not represent actual transactions. 
 
 Table 1: High and low bids 

Fiscal quarters ended: 
 High 
 Low 
 
 October 31, 2022 
 0.18 
 0.15 
 
 July 31, 2022 
 0.16 
 0.12 
 
 April 30, 2022 
 0.18 
 0.05 
 
 January 31, 2022 
 0.32 
 0.05 
 
 October 31, 2021 
 0.36 
 0.18 
 
 July 31, 2021 
 0.6801 
 0.36 
 
 April 30, 2021 
 1.63 
 0.70 
 
 January 31, 2021 
 1.70 
 0.4101 

Holders 
 
 As of February 17, 2023, we had 77 shareholders of record according to a shareholders list provided by our transfer agent. This number does not include an indeterminate number of shareholders whose shares are held by brokers in street name. Our transfer agent is Empire Stock Transfer with an address at 1859 Whitney Mesa Dr. Henderson, Nevada, 89014 and their phone number is 702-818-5898. 
 
 Dividend Policy 
 
 We have never declared, nor paid, any dividend since our incorporation and do not foresee paying any dividends in the near future since all available funds will be used to develop and market our business. Any future payment of dividends will depend on our financing requirements and financial condition and other factors which the board of directors, in its sole discretion, may consider appropriate. 
 
 Under the Business Corporations Act, we are prohibited from declaring or paying dividends if there are reasonable grounds for believing that we are insolvent, or the payment of dividends would render us insolvent. 
 
 Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 
 
 On February 24, 2022, the Company closed the following separate transactions that resulted in the issuance of the shares of the Company s common stock (the Shares ): 
 
 The Company closed a private placement financing by issuing 2,511,962 Shares for gross proceeds of 502,392; 
 The Company issued a total of 663,140 Shares to Mr. Lim and Mr. Ong pursuant to the debt settlement agreements with Mr. Lim and Mr. Ong, who agreed to convert a total of 132,628 owed to them into 663,140 Shares; 
 The Company issued 120,000 Shares to Mr. Chee and 120,000 Shares to Mr. Barth. The Shares were issued in recognition of the services provided to the Company by Mr. Chee and Mr. Barth; and 
 The Company issued 150,000 Shares for services provided. 
 12 

Above Shares were issued pursuant to the provisions of Regulation S of the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Act to the persons who certified they were not residents of the United States and were otherwise not U.S. Persons as that term is defined in Rule 902(k) of Regulation S of the Act. 
 
 On May 11, 2022, the Company issued 350,000 Shares pursuant to a debt settlement agreement. The Shares were issued pursuant to the provisions of Rule 506(b) of Regulation D of the Act, as the debt holder confirmed its qualification as accredited investor as that term is defined under Regulation D of the Act. 
 
 On July 28, 2022, the Company closed a private placement financing by issuing 2,142,857 Shares for gross proceeds of 289,791. These Shares were issued pursuant to the provisions of Regulation S of the Act to the persons who certified they were not residents of the United States and were otherwise not U.S. Persons as that term is defined in Rule 902(k) of Regulation S of the Act. 
 
 On October 13, 2022, the Company closed a private placement financing by issuing 6,458,333 Shares for gross proceeds of 775,000. The Shares were issued to Mr. Lim Hun Beng, the Company s CEO, President and director, and pursuant to the provisions of Regulation S of the Act, as Mr. Lim confirmed that he is not resident of the United States and is otherwise not a U.S. Person as that term is defined in Rule 902(k) of Regulation S of the Act. 
 
 On October 18, 2022, the Company issued 312,500 Shares pursuant to a debt settlement agreement. These Shares were issued pursuant to the provisions of Regulation S of the Act to the persons who certified they were not residents of the United States and were otherwise not U.S. Persons as that term is defined in Rule 902(k) of Regulation S of the Act. 
 
 On December 12, 2022, the Company issued 2,415,222 Shares pursuant to settlement agreement with Mr. Brendan Norman, the Company s Chief Strategy Officer, who agreed to settle a total of 265,674 the Company owed him, 48,751 Shares to a debt holder, who agreed to convert 5,363 the Company owed to him under the note payable, and further 235,490 Shares to a debt holder, who agreed to convert 25,904 the Company owed to it under the notes payable. The shares were issued pursuant to the provisions of Regulation S of the Act based on the representations received from the debt holders that they were not residents of the United States and were otherwise not U.S. Persons as that term is defined in Rule 902(k) of Regulation S of the Act. 
 
 On February 17, 2023, the Company closed a private placement financing by issuing 333,333 Shares for gross proceeds of 50,000. The Shares were issued to Mr. Brendan Norman, the Company s Chief Strategy Officer, pursuant to the provisions of Regulation S of the Act, as Mr. Norman confirmed that he is not resident of the United States and is otherwise not a U.S. Person as that term is defined in Rule 902(k) of Regulation S of the Act. 
 
 ITEM 6: SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA. 
 
 Not applicable. 
 
 ITEM 7: MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 
 Summary of financial condition 
 
 Table 2: Comparison of financial condition 
 
 October 31, 2022 
 
 October 31, 2021 
 
 Working capital deficit 
 
 (1,090,400) 

(963,891) 
 
 Current assets 
 
 286,892 

39,069 
 
 Total liabilities 
 
 1,377,292 

1,002,960 
 
 Common stock and additional paid-in capital 
 
 10,317,857 

8,469,145 
 
 Deficit 
 
 (11,314,321) 

(9,457,922) 
 
 Accumulated other comprehensive income 
 
 (93,419) 

26,838 

13 

Results of operations 
 
 YEARS ENDED OCTOBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 
 
 Our operating results for the years ended October 31, 2022 and 2021 and the changes in our operating results between them are summarized in the Table 3 below. 
 
 Table 3: Summary 
 
 Year ended 
 October 31, 
 
 Percentage 
 increase / 

2022 
 2021 
 
 (decrease) 
 
 Revenue net of cost of goods sold 
 
 26,061 
 
 41,459 
 
 (37) 
 
 Operating expenses 
 
 (1,950,189) 
 
 (1,737,885) 
 
 12 
 
 Foreign exchange 
 
 102,030 
 
 (658) 
 
 (15,606) 
 
 Interest expense 
 
 (6,301) 
 
 (10,758) 
 
 (41) 
 
 Loss on debt settlement 
 
 (28,000) 
 
 - 
 
 n/a 
 
 Net loss 
 
 (1,856,399) 
 
 (1,707,842) 
 
 9 
 
 Translation to reporting currency 
 
 (120,257) 
 
 (31,991) 
 
 276 
 
 Comprehensive loss 
 
 (1,976,656) 
 
 (1,739,833) 
 
 14 

Revenue 
 
 During the year ended October 31, 2022, we generated 20,061 in revenue from our SMART Systems software licensing and maintenance of the applications required to run SMART Systems (2021 - 29,094). Our first customer is Duesey Coffee and Chocolates Sdn Bhd Duesey Coffee ), of which Mr. Lim is a 50 shareholder. In addition, we generated 6,000 (2021 - 12,028) from WeChat Online product, which was developed specifically for Duesey Coffee in P.R. China, which is managed by Shanghai Duesenberg Marketing Planning Co Ltd, our second customer. Due to market uncertainty associated with COVID-19, during the year ended October 31, 2020, we agreed to bill our customers set monthly fees for these services without entering into any termed contracts, we also agreed to give our customers extended time to pay the amounts due. Duesey Coffee agreed to a monthly fee of 10,000 Malaysian Ringgit (approximately USD 2,450), Shanghai Duesenberg Marketing Planning Co Ltd. agreed to a monthly fee of USD 1,000. Due to complicated market conditions, we determined that we will not be able to realize revenues from our customers, and therefore we stopped recording revenue from Shanghai Duesenberg Marketing Planning Co Ltd as of April 30, 2022, and from Duesey Coffee as of July 31, 2022. 
 
 Subsequent to October 31, 2022, Shanghai Duesenberg Marketing Planning Co Ltd. notified us of their inability to pay the balance of the amount owed to us as their company was unable to restart their normal operations after the COVID-19-related restrictions were lifted. We were also unable to collect all amounts that are receivable from Duesey Coffee. Therefore as at October 31, 2022, we wrote off total receivable from both our customers, which resulted in a bad debts expenses totaling 38,305. 
 
 In August of 2021, our Duesenberg platform started generating revenue from our online store, which at the moment allows us to sell third-party-products. Our customers are vendors who wish to sell their merchandise on our platform. During the year ended October 31, 2021, we generated 455, in gross revenue from online sales, and paid 118 to our payment gateway provider for the services. This revenue did not exist during the year ended October 31, 2022. 

14 

Operating Expenses 
 
 Our operating expenses for the years ended October 31, 2022 and 2021 consisted of the following: 
 
 Table 4: Changes in operating expenses 
 
 Year ended 
 October 31, 
 
 Percentage 
 increase / 

2022 
 2021 
 
 (decrease) 
 
 Operating expenses: 

Accounting 
 
 47,602 
 
 29,237 
 
 63 
 
 Amortization 
 
 1,299 
 
 990 
 
 31 
 
 Bad debts 
 
 38,305 
 
 - 
 
 n/a 
 
 General and administrative expenses 
 
 153,858 
 
 250,134 
 
 (38) 
 
 Management fees 
 
 114,400 
 
 24,000 
 
 377 
 
 Professional fees 
 
 17,431 
 
 32,610 
 
 (47) 
 
 Regulatory and filing 
 
 30,010 
 
 33,391 
 
 (10) 
 
 Salaries and wages 
 
 526,359 
 
 510,621 
 
 3 
 
 Research and development costs 
 
 1,000,209 
 
 848,291 
 
 18 
 
 Travel and entertainment 
 
 20,716 
 
 8,611 
 
 141 
 
 Total operating expenses 
 
 1,950,189 
 
 1,737,885 
 
 12 

Our operating expenses increased by 212,304 or 12 from 1,737,885 for the year ended October 31, 2021, to 1,950,189 for the year ended October 31, 2022. The most significant change in our operating expenses was associated with 1,000,209 in research and development costs which consisted of fees for digitization of the CAD Computer Aided Design drawings to create two-dimensional 2-D and three-dimensional 3-D models of the vehicle, required to improve the quality of design, provide communications through documentation, and to create a database for future manufacturing of the vehicles including the blueprints of Duesenberg Heritage vehicles, which we commissioned from Hampshire Automotive Sdn Bhd. Hampshire Automotive during the year ended October 31, 2021, our research and development costs were 848,291. Our salaries and wages increased by 15,738 from 510,621 we incurred during the year ended October 31, 2021, to 526,359 we incurred during the year ended October 31, 2022, the increase was mainly associated with an addition of one more employee to Duesenberg Malaysia. Other notable expenses included 114,400 in management fees, an increase of 90,400, as compared to 24,000 we incurred during the year ended October 31, 2021, the increase was associated with increased board of directors during the current year, and our decision to issue bonuses to our directors, who were on the board of the Company during the year ended October 31, 2021, but were not paid monthly directors fees; 47,602 in accounting fees, an increase of 18,365 as compared to 29,237 we incurred during the year ended October 31, 2021, and were associated with expansion of our operating activities and increased complexity of accounting and audit procedures. In addition, our travel and entertainment expenses, increased by 12,105 to 20,716 for the year ended October 31, 2022, as compared to 8,611 we incurred during the comparative period in our fiscal 2021 year, this increase was associated with increased travel due to elimination of COVID-19 travel restrictions imposed by various federal governments. In addition, our amortization expense increased by 309 for the year ended October 31, 2022, to 1,299. 
 
 The above increases were in part offset by 17,431 in professional fees, which decreased by 15,179 from 32,610 we incurred during the year ended October 31, 2021, and 30,010 in regulatory fees, a decrease of 3,381 as compared to 33,391 we incurred during the year ended October 31, 2021. In addition, our general and administrative expenses G A Expenses decreased by 96,276 to 153,858 for the year ended October 31, 2022, as compared to 250,134 we incurred during the year ended October 31, 2021, with largest change being 149,491 decrease in corporate communication fees, which, for the year ended October 31, 2022, were 45,782, however, this decrease was offset by 53,062 in consulting fees we incurred during the same period, the expense we did not have during the comparative period. 
 
 Other Items 
 
 During the year ended October 31, 2022, we recorded 6,301 (2021 - 10,758) in interest expense, of which 514 (2021 - 5,435) was associated with the interest we accrued on the notes payable we issued to our major shareholder, and 5,787 (2021 - 5,309) was accrued on the third-party notes payable; we also recorded 102,030 in realized foreign exchange gain (2021 - 658 loss) associated with the fluctuation in foreign exchange rates between the US, Canadian, Malaysian, and Hong Kong currencies. 
 15 

During the year ended October 31, 2022, we recognized a 28,000 loss on debt settlements with two vendors who agreed to settle our debt to them in shares (2021 - Nil). 
 
 Translation to Reporting Currency 
 
 Changes in translation to reporting currency result from differences between our functional currencies, being the Canadian dollar for the parent Company, Malaysian Ringgit for Duesenberg Malaysia, and Hong Kong Dollar for Duesenberg Evolution, and our reporting currency, being the United States dollar. These differences are caused by fluctuation in foreign exchange rates between the four currencies as well as different accounting treatments between various financial instruments. 
 
 Liquidity 
 
 GOING CONCERN 
 
 The audited consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K have been prepared on a going concern basis, which implies that we will continue to realize our assets and discharge our liabilities in the normal course of business. We have not generated any revenues from operations since inception, have never paid any dividends and are unlikely to pay dividends or generate significant earnings in the immediate or foreseeable future. Our continuation as a going concern depends upon the continued financial support of our shareholders and management, our ability to obtain necessary debt or equity financing to continue operations, and the attainment of profitable operations. 
 
 Based upon our current plans, we expect to incur operating losses in future periods. At October 31, 2022, we had a working capital deficit of 1,090,400 and accumulated losses of 11,314,321 since inception. These factors raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. We cannot assure you that we will be able to generate significant revenues in the future. The consolidated financial statements included with this Annual Report on Form 10-K do not give effect to any adjustments that would be necessary should we be unable to continue as a going concern. Therefore, we may be required to realize our assets and discharge our liabilities in other than the normal course of business and at amounts different from those reflected in our financial statements. 
 
 INTERNAL AND EXTERNAL SOURCES OF LIQUIDITY 
 
 Table 5: Working Capital 

At October 31, 2022 
 
 At October 31, 2021 
 
 Current assets 

286,892 

39,069 
 
 Current liabilities 

(1,377,292) 

(1,002,960) 
 
 Working capital deficit 

(1,090,400) 

(963,891) 

During the year ended October 31, 2022, our working capital deficit increased by 126,509, from 963,891 at October 31, 2021, to 1,090,400 at October 31, 2022. The increase in working capital deficit was primarily related to increased amounts due to related parties of 695,755, as compared to 273,869 we owed to related parties at October 31, 2021, representing an increase of 421,886, which were in part offset by a 245,568 increase in cash, which at October 31, 2022, was 253,002, as compared to 7,434 at October 31, 2021. 
 
 Table 6: Cash Flows 
 
 At October 31, 2022 
 
 At October 31, 2021 
 
 Net cash used in operating activities 
 
 (1,398,469) 

(788,995) 
 
 Net cash used in investing activities 
 
 - 

(2,760) 
 
 Net cash provided by financing activities 
 
 1,678,855 

787,445 
 
 Effect of exchange rate changes on cash 
 
 (34,818) 

29 
 
 Net increase/(decrease) in cash 
 
 245,568 

(4,281) 

16 

Net cash used in operating activities. 
 
 During the year ended October 31, 2022, we used 1,398,469 to support our operating activities. This cash was used to cover our cash operating expenses of 1,849,064, which were determined as net loss the Company recognized for the year ended October 31, 2022, being 1,856,399, adjusted for the non-cash transactions included in the net loss, which for the year ended October 31, 2022, totaled 7,335; to increase our receivables by 13,007, and to increase our prepaid expenses by 28,929. These uses of cash were offset by increases in our accounts payable and accrued liabilities of 43,111, an increase to accrued salaries payable to our management team of 350,769, and an increase to amounts due to our related parties of 98,651. 
 
 During the year ended October 31, 2021, we used 788,995 to support our operating activities. This cash was used to cover our cash operating expenses of 1,645,007, and to increase our receivables by 22,749. These uses of cash were offset by increases in our accounts payable and accrued liabilities of 533,503, an increase to accrued salaries payable to our management team of 294,444, an increase to amounts due to our related parties of 50,125, and, to a smaller extent, by a decrease in our prepaids of 689. 
 
 Non-cash operating activities. 
 
 During the year ended October 31, 2022, we recorded 514 in interest on the note payable we issued to Mr. Lim, and 5,787 in interest owed to third-party lenders under notes payable. We recorded 1,299 in amortization of our office equipment and 110,970 gain on foreign exchange fluctuation between the US, Canadian, Malaysian, and Hong Kong currencies. In addition, we recognized 44,400 on grant of 240,000 Shares to Mr. Chee Wai Hong and to Mr. Barth (120,000 each), which were recorded as part of management fees, and recorded 28,000 loss on debt settlement with our vendors. 
 
 During the year ended October 31, 2021, we recorded 5,435 in interest on our notes payable to Hampshire Avenue and 5,309 in interest owed to third-party lenders under notes payable. We recorded 990 in amortization of our office equipment and 25,849 gain on foreign exchange fluctuation between the US, Canadian, Malaysian, and Hong Kong currencies. In addition, we recorded 76,950 as value of our common shares to be issued for corporate communication services we have received during the year ended October 31, 2021. 
 
 Net cash used in investing activities. 
 
 We did not have any investing activities in our Fiscal 2022 year. 
 
 During the year ended October 31, 2021, we used 2,760 to acquire computers and other office equipment. 
 
 Net cash provided by financing activities. 
 
 During the year ended October 31, 2022, we received 111,671 under a loan agreement with Mr. Joe Lim. The loan bears interest at 4 per annum, is unsecured and payable on demand. During the year ended October 31, 2022, we received 1,567,184 in proceeds from two separate private placement financings by issuing a total of 11,113,152 shares of our common stock. 
 
 During the year ended October 31, 2021, we received 95,150 under loan agreements with Hampshire Avenue. The loans bear interest at 4 per annum, are unsecured and payable on demand. In addition, we borrowed 29,000 from third-party-lenders under 4 demand notes payable. During the year ended October 31, 2021, we received 673,000 in proceeds from two separate private placement financings by issuing a total of 833,333 shares of our common stock. We paid 9,705 in share issuance costs associated with these private placements. 
 
 Capital Resources 
 
 Our ability to continue the development and marketing of the Duesenberg Applications, SMART Systems, Duesenberg WeChat Application, as well as commencement of the development of Duesenberg EV and Duesenberg Heritage vehicles, is subject to our ability to obtain necessary funding. We expect to raise funds through sales of our debt or equity securities. We have no committed sources of capital. If we are unable to raise funds as and when we need them, we may be required to curtail, or even to cease, our operations. 
 17 
 
 As of October 31, 2022, we had cash on hand of 253,002 and working capital deficit of 1,090,400, which raises substantial doubt about our continuation as a going concern. During the year ended October 31, 2022, we closed two private placement financings for net proceeds of 1,567,184, however, these funds will not be sufficient to complete our current business plans, and we will require additional financing. 
 
 We plan to mitigate our losses in future years by controlling our operating expenses and actively seeking new distribution channels for our Duesenberg products, Duesenberg EV, and Duesenberg Heritage Vehicles. We cannot provide assurance that we will be successful in generating additional capital to support our development. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of these uncertainties. 
 
 Contingencies and Commitments 
 
 We had no contingencies at October 31, 2022. 
 
 Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
 
 We have no off-balance sheet arrangements and no non-consolidated, special-purpose entities. 
 
 Critical Accounting Policies 
 
 The preparation of financial statements in conformity with United States generally accepted accounting principles requires our management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amount of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. Our management routinely makes judgments and estimates about the effects of matters that are inherently uncertain. 
 
 The JOBS Act contains provisions that, among other things, reduce certain reporting requirements for qualifying public companies. As an emerging growth company, we may, under Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act, delay adoption of new or revised accounting standards applicable to public companies until such standards would otherwise apply to private companies. We may take advantage of this extended transition period until the first to occur of the date that we (i) are no longer an emerging growth company or (ii) affirmatively and irrevocably opt out of this extended transition period. We have elected to take advantage of the benefits of this extended transition period. Our consolidated financial statements may therefore not be comparable to those of companies that comply with such new or revised accounting standards. Until the date that we are no longer an emerging growth company, affirmatively and irrevocably opt out of the exemption provided by Securities Act Section 7(a)(2)(B), or upon issuance of a new or revised accounting standard that applies to our financial statements and that has a different effective date for public and private companies, we will disclose the date on which adoption is required for non-emerging growth companies and the date on which we will adopt the recently issued accounting standard. 
 
 Our significant accounting policies are disclosed in the notes to the audited consolidated financial statements for the year ended October 31, 2022. The following accounting policies have been determined by our management to be the most important to the portrayal of our financial condition and results of operation: 
 
 Principles of Consolidation 
 
 The Company s audited consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company and its subsidiaries. On consolidation, the Company eliminates all intercompany balances and transactions. 
 
 Internal-Use Software 
 
 The Company incurs costs related to the development of its VGrab Applications, SMART Systems, Duesenberg WeChat Application, and duesenbergtech.com website. Costs incurred in the planning and evaluation stage of internally-developed software and website, as well as development costs where economic benefit cannot be readily determined, are expensed as incurred. Costs incurred and accumulated during the development stage, where economic benefit of the software can be readily determined, are capitalized and included as part of Intangible assets on the balance sheets. Additional improvements to the web site and applications following the initial development stage are expensed as incurred. Capitalized internally-developed software and website development costs will be amortized over their expected economic life using the straight-line method. 
 18 
 
 Foreign Currency Translation and Transaction 
 
 The Parent Company s functional currency is the Canadian dollar, Duesenberg Malaysia s functional currency is Malaysian Ringgit, and Duesenberg Evolution s functional currency is Hong Kong dollar, the Company s reporting currency is the United States dollar. Duesenberg Nevada and Duesenberg Heritage functional and reporting currencies are the United States dollar. The Company translates assets and liabilities to US dollars using year-end exchange rates, and translates revenues and expenses using average exchange rates during the period. Gains and losses arising on translation to the reporting currency are included in the other comprehensive income. 
 
 Foreign exchange gains and losses on the settlement of foreign currency transactions are included in foreign exchange expense. Except for translations of intercompany balances, all translations of monetary balances to the functional currency at the yearend exchange rate are included in foreign exchange expense. The translations of intercompany balances to the functional currency at the yearend exchange rate are included in accumulated other comprehensive income or loss. 
 
 Fair Value of Financial Instruments 
 
 Our financial instruments include cash, accounts payable and accruals as well as amounts due to related parties. We believe the fair value of these financial instruments approximate their carrying values due to their short-term nature. 
 
 Concentration of Credit Risk 
 
 Financial instruments that potentially subject us to significant concentrations of credit risk consist principally of cash and accounts receivable. 
 
 At October 31, 2022, we had 21,637 in cash on deposit with a large chartered Canadian bank, 230,728 in cash on deposits with a bank in Malaysia, and 637 in cash on deposits with a bank in Hong Kong. As part of our cash management process, we perform periodic evaluations of the relative credit standing of these financial institutions. We have not experienced any losses in cash balances and do not believe we are exposed to any significant credit risk on our cash. 
 
 ITEM 7A: QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 
 Not Applicable. 
 
 ITEM 8: FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 
 Index to Financial Statements 

Page No. 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 F-1 
 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of October 31, 202 2 and 2 021 
 F-3 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Years Ended October 31, 202 2 and 20 21 
 F-4 
 
 Consolidated Statement of Stockholders Deficit as of October 31, 202 2 and 20 21 
 F-5 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended October 31, 202 2 and 20 2 1 
 F-6 
 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F-7 

19 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 To the shareholders and the board of directors of Duesenberg Technologies Inc. 
 
 Opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Duesenberg Technologies Inc. (the Company as of October 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, stockholders deficit, and cash flows, for the years then ended, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of October 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the years then ended, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 
 Going Concern 
 The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 1 to the financial statements, The Company has generated minimal operating revenues to date, and has accumulated losses of 11,314,321 since inception. These factors raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans in this regard are described in Note 1. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. 
 
 Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Critical Audit Matters 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of the critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 

F-1 

Critical Audit Matter 
 How the Matter was Addressed in the Audit 

Revenue Recognition 
 
 Refer to Note 2 of the financial statements. 
 
 The Company recognizes revenue from customer contracts based on the amount of consideration that is expected to be received by the Company for providing goods or services under a contract with a customer, which is initially estimated with pricing specified in the contract and adjusted primarily for sales returns, discounts and other credits at contract inception then updated each reporting period, and excludes any sales incentives and amounts collected on behalf of third parties. The Company recognizes revenue when persuasive evidence of a contract with a customer exists and a performance obligation is identified and satisfied as the customer obtains control of the goods or services. 
 
 The Company determined that there was a significant decrease in the probability of collection from its customers at various points of time during the year and as a result halted the recognition of revenue under the respective contract. The estimate was based on historical experience, anticipated future performance, and market conditions. 
 
 A significant change in the estimate and judgements on the collectability of future sales could have affected the recognition of revenues. 
 
 The Company regularly reviewed and updated its estimates. 
 
 Given the judgment and estimates necessary to determine the collectability of revenues under the contracts, auditing such estimates required increased audit effort due to the subjective nature of the judgements and estimates as well as a high degree of auditor judgment when performing audit procedures and evaluating the results of those procedures. 
 
 Our audit procedures relating to the recognition of revenue included the following: 
 
 We obtained managements assessment of revenue recognition for the contracts in place for the year ended October 31, 2022 
 We assessed the terms in the customer contract and evaluated the appropriateness of managements application of their accounting policies, along with their use of estimates and judgements in the determined of the revenue recognition conclusions 
 We inspected the revenue contracts as well as the facts and circumstances of the transactions under the contacts 
 We obtained a confirmation of a sample revenues recognized 

/s/ DMCL 
 
 CHARTERED PROFESSIONAL ACCOUNTANTS 
 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2010 
 (PCAOB ID 
 February 17, 2023 

F-2 

DUESENBERG TECHNOLOGIES INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (EXPRESSED IN US DOLLARS) 
 
 October 31, 2022 
 
 October 31, 2021 

ASSETS 

Current assets 

Cash 

Receivables 

Prepaids 

Total current assets 

Equipment 

Total assets 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

Current liabilities 

Accounts payable 

Accrued liabilities 

Due to related parties 

Notes payable 

Total liabilities 

Stockholders deficit 

Common stock, par value, unlimited number authorized, 
 and issued and outstanding at 
 October 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

Additional paid-in capital 
 
 ) 

) 
 
 Obligation to issue shares 

Accumulated other comprehensive income/(loss) 
 
 ) 

Deficit 
 
 ) 

) 
 
 Total stockholders deficit 
 
 ) 

) 
 
 Total liabilities and stockholders deficit 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 F-3 

DUESENBERG TECHNOLOGIES INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
 (EXPRESSED IN US DOLLARS) 

Year Ended October 31, 
 
 2022 
 
 2021 

Revenue 

Cost of goods sold 

Gross margin 

Operating expenses 

Accounting 

Amortization 

Bad debts 

General and administrative expenses 

Management fees 

Professional fees 

Regulatory and filing 

Research and development costs 

Salaries and wages 

Travel and entertainment 

) 

) 
 
 Other items 

Foreign exchange 

) 
 
 Interest expense 
 
 ) 

) 
 
 Loss on debt settlement 
 
 ) 

Net loss 
 
 ) 

) 

Translation to reporting currency 
 
 ) 

) 
 
 Comprehensive loss 
 
 ) 

) 

Loss per share - basic and diluted 
 
 ) 

) 

Weighted average number of shares outstanding: 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 F-4 

DUESENBERG TECHNOLOGIES INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 
 (EXPRESSED IN US DOLLARS) 

Common Stock 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Obligation 
 to Issue 
 Shares 
 Additional 
 Paid-in 
 Capital 
 Accumulated 
 Other 
 Comprehensive 
 Income 
 Deficit 
 Total 

Balance at October 31, 2020 

) 
 
 ) 

Common shares issued for private placements 

Share issuance costs 

) 

) 
 
 Common shares issued for debt 

) 

Common shares to be issued for services 

Debt forgiven by shareholders 

Translation to reporting currency 

) 

) 
 
 Net loss 

) 
 
 ) 
 
 Balance at October 31, 2021 

) 

) 
 
 ) 

Common shares issued for private placements 

Common shares issued for debt 

Common shares issued for services 

) 

Translation to reporting currency 

) 

) 
 
 Net loss 

) 
 
 ) 
 
 Balance at October 31, 2022 

) 
 
 ) 
 
 ) 
 
 ) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 F-5 

DUESENBERG TECHNOLOGIES INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS 
 (EXPRESSED IN US DOLLARS) 

Year Ended October 31, 
 
 2022 
 
 2021 
 
 Cash flow used in in operating activities 

Net loss 
 
 ) 
 
 ) 
 
 Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities 

Accrued interest on related party notes 

Accrued interest on notes payable 

Amortization 

Bad debts 

General and administrative expenses, non-cash 

Management fees, non-cash 

Loss on debt settlement 

Foreign exchange 
 
 ) 
 
 ) 
 
 Changes in operating assets and liabilities 

Receivables 
 
 ) 
 
 ) 
 
 Prepaids 
 
 ) 

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 

Due to related parties 

Accrued salaries due to related parties 

Net cash used in operating activities 
 
 ) 
 
 ) 

Cash flows used in investing activities 

Purchase of equipment 

) 
 
 Net cash used in investing activities 

) 

Cash flows provided by financing activities 

Common shares issued for private placements 

Share issuance costs 

) 
 
 Loans payable to related party 

Notes payable 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Effect of exchange rate changes on cash 
 
 ) 

Net increase/(decrease) in cash 

) 
 
 Cash, beginning 

Cash, ending 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 F-6 

DUESENBERG TECHNOLOGIES INC. 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 OCTOBER 31, 2022 

The Company s consolidated financial statements are prepared on a going concern basis in accordance with US generally accepted accounting principles GAAP which contemplate the realization of assets and discharge of liabilities and commitments in the normal course of business. The Company has generated minimal operating revenues to date, and has accumulated losses of since inception. The Company has funded its operations through the issuance of capital stock and debt. Management plans to raise additional funds through equity and/or debt financing. There is no certainty that further funding will be available as needed. These factors raise substantial doubt about the ability of the Company to continue operating as a going concern. The Company s ability to continue its operations as a going concern, realize the carrying value of its assets, and discharge its liabilities in the normal course of business is dependent upon its ability to raise new capital sufficient to fund its commitments and ongoing losses, and ultimately on generating profitable operations. 

F-7 

F-8 

Due to a company controlled by the CEO and Director of the Company (a) 

Notes payable to the CEO and Director of the Company (b) 

Due to the Chief Financial Officer CFO and Director of the Company (a) 

Due to the Chief Strategy Officer CSO of the Company s subsidiary (a) 

Due to a Director of the Company (a) 

Due to a Director of the Company (a) 

Due to a Director of the Company (a) 

Due to a former Director of the Company (a) 

Due to a major shareholder for payments made on behalf of the Company (a) 

Total due to related parties 

F-9 
 
 (2021 - in wages and salaries to Mr. Lim Hun Beng, the Company s CEO, President, and director. In addition, the Company incurred (2021 - in reimbursable expenses with Mr. Lim. During the same period Mr. Lim advanced the Company in the form of vendor payments made by him on behalf of the Company, and in exchange for a note payable that accumulates interest at 4 per annum and is payable on demand. On February 24, 2022, Mr. Lim agreed to convert the Company owed him into shares of the Company s Common stock at per share. Lastly, during the year ended October 31, 2022, Mr. Lim entered into a share subscription agreement to acquire shares of the Company at per share for total proceeds of ; these shares were issued on October 13, 2022 (Note 6). During the year ended October 31, 2021, Mr. Lim agreed to convert a total of into shares of the Company s common stock at per share (Note 6). In addition, during the year ended October 31, 2021, the Company advanced a total of to Mr. Lim as prepayment of his future services, which were applied towards the balance the Company owed to Mr. Lim as at October 31, 2021, on account of accrued salary and reimbursable expenses. 
 
 During the year ended October 31, 2022, the Company incurred (2021 - in wages and salaries to Mr. Liong Fook Weng, the Company s CFO and director. In addition, the Company incurred (2021 - in reimbursable expenses with Mr. Liong. 
 
 During the year ended October 31, 2022, the Company incurred a total of in management/director fees to its directors, Mr. Ong See-Ming, Mr. Barth, Mr. Bok, and Mr. Hong (who stepped down from his position as director of the Company on July 6, 2022. The Company reimburses its directors, who do not hold any additional management positions, for their services at 2,000 per month. During the comparative year ended October 31, 2021, the Company incurred in management/director fees with its director, Mr. Ong See-Ming. 
 
 On February 24, 2022, the Company s board of directors resolved to grant to Mr. Hong and to Mr. Barth, each, 120,000 shares of its Common stock, valued at 22,200. The value of these shares was recorded as part of management fees. On the same day, Mr. Ong See-Ming agreed to convert the Company owed him on account of management fees into shares of the Company s Common stock, the Company recognized in gain on conversion, which was recorded as part of additional paid-in capital. The Company did not have similar transactions during the year ended October 31, 2021. 
 
 During the year ended October 31, 2022, the Company incurred (2021 - in management fees to its CSO, Mr. Norman. Subsequent to October 31, 2022, Mr. Norman agreed to convert the Company owed to him on account of the unpaid management fees into shares of the Company at per share. These shares were issued on December 28, 2022 (Note 9). 
 
 During the year ended October 31, 2022, the Company recognized in revenue from licensing and maintenance of its SMART Systems applications to a company of which Mr. Lim is a 50 shareholder (2021 - ). During the year ended October 31, 2022, the Company wrote off (2021 - Nil) in receivables to bad debts, as the likelihood of collecting the outstanding balance was determined to be uncertain. 
 
 During the year ended October 31, 2022, the Company incurred (2021 - to Hampshire Automotive Sdn Bhd. Hampshire Automotive a private company of which Mr. Joe Lim is a 33 shareholder, for engineering and drafting of the Duesenberg Heritage vehicles, which fees were recorded as part of research and development fees. 
 
 During the year ended October 31, 2021, the Company received in exchange for the notes payable to Hampshire Avenue SDN BHD Hampshire Avenue ). The loans bore interest at per annum, were unsecured and payable on demand. During the second quarter of the Company s Fiscal 2021, Hampshire Avenue agreed to convert a total of , consisting of principal amount of 368,961 and interest accrued of 16,989 into shares of the Company s common stock (Note 6). During the third quarter of the Company s Fiscal 2021, Hampshire Avenue agreed to convert a further , into shares of the Company s common stock (Note 6). The remaining balance due to Hampshire Avenue totaling was forgiven and recorded as part of additional paid-in capital. The Company did not receive any funds from Hampshire Avenue nor had to accrue any interest during the year ended October 31, 2022. 
 
 F-10 
 
 in management fees to its former CTO, Mr. Ian Thompson, who resigned from his position as the CTO of the Company on May 11, 2021. Mr. Thompson agreed to convert the full amount the Company owed to Mr. Thompson at his resignation, being , into shares of the Company. 

Changes during the period 
 
 - 

Amortization 
 
 ) 

) 
 
 Foreign exchange 
 
 ) 

) 
 
 Book value, end of the year 

Advances received 
 
 - 

29,000 
 
 Interest accrued during the period 
 
 5,787 

5,309 
 
 Foreign exchange 
 
 (7,395) 

5,154 
 
 Balance, end of the period 

During the year ended October 31, 2022, the Company accrued in interest on the CAD 83,309 note payable accumulating 6 interest compounded monthly (2021 - ), and (2021 - in interest on the notes payable totaling 29,000, which accumulate interest at 4 compounded monthly. All notes payable to third-parties are unsecured and due on demand. As at October 31, 2022, the Company owed a total of under the 6 Note Payable (2021 - ), and under the 4 Notes Payable (2021 - ). 
 
 Subsequent to October 31, 2022, the holders of 4 Notes Payable agreed to convert full amounts the Company owed under these notes including interest accrued up to December 12, 2022, into shares of the Company at per share. These shares were issued on December 28, 2022 (Note 9). 
 
 shares of its common stock (the Shares at per Share for gross proceeds of . The Shares were issued to a company controlled by Mr. Lim Hun Beng, director and the majority shareholder. 
 
 On February 24, 2022, Mr. Lim and Mr. Ong See-Ming agreed to convert a total of into shares of the Company s Common Stock. Mr. Lim converted 20,550 he advanced in the form of vendor payments made by him on behalf of the Company, and 82,078 the Company owed to him for unpaid salary into Shares. Mr. Ong converted 30,000 the Company owed to him for management fees into Shares. The shares were valued at 122,681, resulting in 9,947 gain which was recorded as part of additional paid-in capital. 
 
 On February 24, 2022, the Company issued a total of Shares to Mr. Chee Wai Hong and Mr. Barth, the Company s directors (120,000 Shares each) in recognition of the services provided to the Company by them. The shares were valued at . Mr. Chee Wai Hong resigned from his position as a director of the Company on July 6, 2022. 
 
 On February 24, 2022, the Company issued Shares for services provided to the Company during the year ended October 31, 2021, which were recorded at October 31, 2021, as obligation to issue Shares totaling . 
 F-11 
 
 the Company owed for unpaid consulting services. The Company agreed to settle the liability through cash payment of 25,000 and by issuing the vendor Shares, which shares were issued on May 11, 2022. The transaction resulted in a loss on debt settlement of 14,546. 
 
 On June 17, 2022, the Company entered into a share subscription agreement with a company controlled by Mr. Lim Hun Beng, to issue shares of the Company s common stock, for gross proceeds of (1,290,000 Malaysian Ringgit MR at 0.135 per share (0.602MR per share). The Company agreed to accept the total investment amount in six separate tranches. The Company closed the private placement on July 28, 2022, upon receipt of full subscription funds. 
 
 On October 13, 2022, the Company closed a private placement financing by issuing Shares at a price of per Share for total proceeds of . The Shares were issued to Mr. Lim Hun Beng, the Company s CEO, President, and director. 
 
 On October 14, 2022, the Company entered into debt settlement agreement with a contractor, for the Company owed for unpaid consulting services. The Company agreed to settle the liability by issuing the vendor Shares, which shares were issued on October 18, 2022. The transaction resulted in a loss on debt settlement of 13,454. 
 
 Shares issued during the year ended October 31, 2021 
 
 On April 9, 2021, the Company closed a private placement financing by issuing Shares at per Share for gross proceeds of . On April 15, 2021, the Company closed the second private placement financing by issuing further Shares at per Share for gross proceeds of . The Shares were issued pursuant to the provisions of Regulation S of the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Act to the persons who are not residents of the United States and are otherwise not U.S. Persons as that term is defined in Rule 902(k) of Regulation S of the Act. The Company recorded in share issuance costs associated with these financings. 
 
 On March 9, 2021, Mr. Lim, the Company s President, CEO and major shareholder, and Hampshire Avenue, the Company s major shareholder, agreed to convert a total of the Company owed on account of services and cash advances provided to it into shares of the Company s common stock (Note 3). The shares were valued at 598,882, resulting in 135,829 loss which was recorded as part of additional paid-in capital. 
 
 On July 20, 2021, Hampshire Avenue, agreed to convert further 24,335 the Company owed on account of cash advances 1,738 loss which was recorded as part of additional paid-in capital. 
 
 On August 31, 2021, Mr. Thompson, the Company s former CTO, agreed to convert the Company owed him on account of unpaid salary, into shares of the Company s common stock (Note 3). The shares were valued at 44,032, resulting in 6,291 loss which was recorded as part of additional paid-in capital. 
 
 Obligation to issue shares 
 
 At October 31, 2021, the Company had an obligation to issued shares of its common stock valued at for corporate communication services provided to the Company during the year ended October 31, 2021. On February 24, 2022, shares of common stock were issued. 
 
 Warrants and Options 
 
 During the years ended October 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company did not have any warrants or options issued and exercisable. 
 F-12 
 
 owed to him; the forgiveness of debt was recorded as part of additional paid-in capital as at October 31, 2021. 
 
 ) 
 
 Statutory tax rate 

Expected recovery of income taxes 
 
 ) 
 
 ) 
 
 Non-deductible expenses and other 
 
 ) 

Change in valuation allowance 

- 
 
 - 

The Company s tax-effected deferred income tax assets are estimated as follows: 

Mineral properties 

Less: Valuation allowance 
 
 ) 
 
 ) 

- 
 
 - 

The Company has non-capital losses carried forward in Canada of approximately which will expire from 2031 to 2042. The Company has non-capital losses carried forward in Malaysia of approximately which will expire from 2028 to 2033. The Company has non-capital losses carried forward of approximately and in the United States of America and Hong Kong, respectively, which can be carried forward indefinitely. 
 
 The Company has evaluated all tax positions from open years and has concluded they have no unrecognized tax benefits or penalties. It is not anticipated that unrecognized tax benefits would significantly increase or decrease within 12 months of the reporting date. The Company recognizes interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits in interest expense and penalties within operating expenses. The Company s Canadian income tax return for Fiscal Year 2022 remain open and subject to examination. 
 
 (Asia - ; Canada - nil) as at October 31, 2022, (Asia - ; Canada - nil) as at October 31, 2021, revenues from customers of (Asia - ; Canada - nil) for the year ended October 31, 2022, and (Asia - ; Canada - nil) for the year ended October 31, 2021. 
 
 The Company s revenues consist of , , respectively. 
 F-13 

effective December 1, 2022. 
 
 On December 12, 2022, the Company entered into a debt settlement agreement with an officer of the Company to settle debt owed by the Company of in exchange for the issuance shares of common stock of the Company. 
 
 On December 12, 2022, the Company entered into a debt settlement agreement with a note payable holder to settle a note payable in the amount of in exchange for the issuance of shares of common stock of the Company. 
 
 On December 12, 2022, the Company entered into a debt settlement agreement with a note payable holder to settle a note payable in the amount of in exchange for the issuance of shares of common stock of the Company. 
 
 On January 18, 2023, the Company entered into a subscription agreement with its Chief Strategy Officer to issue Shares at per Share for total proceeds of . These Shares were issued on February 17, 2023. 

F-14 
 
 ITEM 9: CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 
 Not applicable. 
 
 ITEM 9A: CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 
 Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 
 We carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report. The evaluation was undertaken in consultation with our accounting personnel. Based on that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that, due to limited segregation of duties, our disclosure controls and procedures are not effective to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission s rules and forms. 
 
 Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 Our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer are responsible for establishing and maintaining internal control over financial reporting. Internal control over financial reporting is defined in Rule 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) promulgated under the Exchange Act as a process designed by, or under the supervision of, our principal executive and principal financial officers and effected by our board of directors, management and other personnel, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles and includes those policies and procedures that: 
 
 pertain to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of our assets; 
 provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and our directors; and 
 provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 
 Because of its inherent limitations, our internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Therefore, even those systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and presentation. Projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 Our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of October 31, 2022. In making this assessment, management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control-Integrated Framework. Based on the assessment, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer determined that, as of October 31, 2022, our internal control over financial reporting was not effective due to limited segregation of duties. 
 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 There have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15 (f) under the Exchange Act) during the fourth quarter of the last fiscal year that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 ITEM 9B: OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 None. 
 -20- 
 
 PART III 
 
 ITEM 10: DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 
 Table 7 contains certain information regarding our directors, executive officers and key personnel. 
 
 Table 7: Directors and officers 
 Name 
 Age 
 Position 
 
 Lim, Hun Beng 
 65 
 Director, Chief Executive Officer, and President 
 
 Liong, Fook Weng 
 54 
 Director, Chief Financial Officer, Secretary, and Treasurer 
 
 Ong, See-Ming 
 66 
 Director 
 
 Barth, J rgen Carl 
 75 
 Director 
 
 Aernout Rents Bok 
 55 
 Director 
 
 Brendan Norman 
 51 
 Chief Strategy Officer of Duesenberg Nevada 

Below is a brief description of the background and business experience of our executive officers and directors: 
 
 Mr. Lim, Hun Beng started his career in his early twenties. His main focus throughout the years has been strategic business and property development in the Asia, more specifically, Malaysia and China. In 1992, Mr. Lim set up a joint-venture company with the local government of the city of Zhuhai, China to develop a 3.6 km2 property, which includes Formula One standard race circuit, a 36-hole golf course, and a mix of residential and commercial buildings. In 2006, Mr. Lim founded Hampshire Group, the Company actively involved in green energy, environmentally-friendly property development and agriculture. In 2010 Mr. Lim took over Linear Group, a Malaysian corporation specializing in manufacturing and operating industrial HVAC projects. 
 
 Mr. Liong, Fook Weng was born in Malaysia and received his master s degree in Business Administration from the University of Durham, the United Kingdom, he also has his business certificate in hospitality from Michigan State University, USA. Since 1991, Mr. Liong has held many senior management positions in several publicly listed and privately-owned companies within the manufacturing, and ecommerce industries. He has more than 20 years experience in managing the companies and contributing to their expansion plans through streamlining their financial strategies or corporate restructuring. 
 
 Mr. Ong, See-Ming was born in Singapore but spent his formative years in the U.K. After going to school in London and graduating from Oxford University with a degree in Oriental Studies, Mr. Ong started his banking career in the City of London. Initially, he worked as a portfolio manager, but later relocated back to Singapore and specialized in wealth management. Mr. Ong has held senior positions with Standard Chartered, Barclays and Societe Generale. He now travels extensively throughout South East Asia providing corporate advisory services to startup businesses and holds personal stakes in some of these companies. 
 
 Mr. J rgen Barth was born in Thum, Saxony, Germany and is a German engineer and successful race car driver. Mr. Barth won the 1977 24 Hours Le Mans in a Porsche 936, the 1980 1,000 km N rburgring and the 2014 CER Championship with a Porsche 911 Carrera RSR 3.0. In 1982 Mr. Barth served as Director of Porsche Customer Racing and headed a new department in Weissach for the manufacture and sale of Porsche Groupe C and 911 race cars. Mr. Barth served as President of the FIA Sports Car Commission from 1982-1986, is the originator of the OSCAR Organization for Groupe C racing, 1984-1989, is a Permanent Steward of the German DTM Championship and from 1999 to 2015 was the representative of the Manufactures in the FIA Historic Commission as well as the 2017 Race Director for the LMP3 Series in China, just to list a few of his accolades. Mr. Barth is also a distinguished author and co-wrote a book about Porsche s racing history, Das Gro e Buch der Porsche Sonder Typen The Great Book of Porsche Special Types and Designs) . 
 
 Mr. Reints Bok has extensive experience leading global teams and finding resolutions with issues related to IP, CT, R D, Operations, Marketing and Supply Chain. Mr. Reints Bok also consults on business development, change management, competence development, and assists with integrating new business units. Mr. Reints Bok has been employed by Signify (formerly Philips Lighting) KLite since 2009, and prior to that by Philips Semiconductors since 1995. Mr. Reints Bok received his Master s Degree from Technical University of Delft. 
 
 Mr. Brendan Norman brings to Duesenberg Nevada a long-term experience in Automotive and Business Development sector. Mr. Norman is currently CEO of H2X Australia, a sustainable vehicle and heavy equipment company founded on the principles of being absolutely sustainable, using renewable materials, and focused on green 
 -21- 
 
 hydrogen, green electricity, and on all sources of kinetic energy. Mr. Norman played instrumental role in setting up Asia-Pacific subsidiaries for such well known automotive giants as Volkswagen Group, BMW Group, and Infiniti EMEA. Mr. Norman received his Bachelor of Business (Accounting) degree from Deakin University, Australia in 1992, and Graduate Diploma in Business Systems from Monash University, Australia in 1998. 
 
 Term of Office 
 
 Our directors are elected to hold office until the next annual meeting of the shareholders or until their respective successors have been elected and qualified. Our executive officers are appointed by our board of directors and hold office until removed by our board of directors or until their successors are appointed. 
 
 Family Relationships 
 
 There are no family relationships between our executive officers and directors. 
 
 Other Significant Employees 
 
 Other than our executive officers, we do not currently have any significant employees. 
 
 Legal Proceedings 
 
 During the past ten years none of our directors or executive officers was involved in any legal proceedings described in subparagraph (f) of Item 401 of Regulation S-K. 
 
 Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance 
 
 Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act and the rules thereunder require our officers and directors, and persons who own more than 10 of our common stock, to file reports of ownership and changes in ownership with the Securities and Exchange Commission and to furnish us with copies. To our knowledge, based solely upon review of the copies of such reports received or written representations from the reporting persons, the following persons have, during the fiscal year ended October 31, 2022, failed to file, on a timely basis, the reports required by Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act: 
 
 Mr. Ong, a member of our Board of Directors, was late filing Form 4 reflecting the conversion of debt the Company owed to him into 150,000 shares at 0.20 per share. The conversion was finalized on February 24, 2022, and Form 4 was filed on April 18, 2022. 
 
 Mr. Chee Wai Hong, a former member of our Board of Directors, was late filing Form 4 reflecting a receipt of 120,000 shares the Company issued to him as a bonus for his services as a director. The shares were valued at 24,000. The transaction took place on February 24, 2022, and Form 4 was filed on April 20, 2022. 
 
 Mr. Barth, a member of our Board of Directors, was late filing Form 4 reflecting a receipt of 120,000 shares the Company issued to him as a bonus for his services as a director. The shares were valued at 24,000. The transaction took place on February 24, 2022, and Form 4 was filed on April 18, 2022. 
 
 Mr. Lim, a member of our Board of Directors, CEO and President, is a beneficial owner of the shares held in the name of Hampshire Capital Limited, Hampshire Motors Group, and Hampshire Brands (PTE) Ltd. (collectively, Hampshire Group). Mr. Lim did not file Forms 4 to reflecting the following transaction: 
 
 February 24, 2022 - receipt of 513,140 shares on conversion of debt the Company owed to him to shares at 0.20 per share, 
 February 24, 2022 - acquisition of 2,511,962 shares issued to Hampshire Brands (PTE) Ltd. for private placement financing at 0.20 per share, 
 July 28, 2022 - acquisition of 2,142,857 shares issued to Hampshire Brands (PTE) Ltd. for private placement financing at 0.14 per share, and 
 October 13, 2022 - acquisition of 6,458,333 shares for private placement financing at 0.12 per share. 
 
 Mr. Reints Bok, a member of our Board of Directors, was late filing initial statement of beneficial ownership of securities on Form 3 
 -22- 

Corporate Governance 
 
 Our board of directors does not have a compensation committee or a nominating committee. We believe this is appropriate, given the small size of our company and the stage of our development. We have not adopted any procedures by which our security holders may recommend nominees to our board of directors and that has not changed during the last fiscal year. 
 
 Our audit committee consists of Liong Fook Weng, the Company s CFO and a director, Mr. Lim Hun Beng, the Company s CEO, presidents and a director, and Mr. Ong See-Ming, a director. None of the members of the Company s Board of Directors qualify as an audit committee financial expert , as defined by Item 407 of Regulation S-K promulgated under the Securities Act and the Exchange Act. We are dependent on financial advice from external financial consulting firm, which we believe is appropriate, given the small size of our company and the stage of our development. 
 
 Code of Ethics 
 
 We adopted a Code of Ethics applicable to our officers and directors which is a code of ethics as defined by applicable rules of the SEC. If we make any amendments to our Code of Ethics other than technical, administrative, or other non-substantive amendments, or grant any waivers, including implicit waivers, from a provision of our Code of Ethics to our officers or directors, we will disclose the nature of the amendment or waiver, its effective date and to whom it applies in a current report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC. 
 
 ITEM 11: EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 
 Table 8 summarizes all compensation for the 2022 and 2021 fiscal years received by our Chief Executive Officer, our two most highly compensated executive officers who earned more than 100,000 and up to two additional individuals for whom disclosure would have been provided but for the fact that the individual was not serving as an executive officer at the end of the last completed fiscal year (collectively, the Named Executive Officers ). 
 
 Table 8: Summary Compensation Table 
 Name Principal 
 Position 
 Year 
 Salary 
 ) 
 Bonus 
 ) 
 Stock 
 Awards 
 ) 
 Option 
 Awards 
 ) 
 Non-Equity 
 Incentive 
 Plan 
 Compen- 
 sation 
 ) 
 Nonqualified 
 Deferred 
 Compen- 
 sation 
 Earnings 
 ) 
 All Other 
 Compen- 
 sation 
 ) 
 Total 
 ) 
 
 Lim, Hun Beng (1) 
 2022 
 119,810 
 nil 
 nil 
 nil 
 nil 
 nil 
 60,351 
 180,161 
 
 CEO, President, and Director 
 2021 
 120,260 
 nil 
 nil 
 nil 
 nil 
 nil 
 28,972 
 149,232 
 
 Liong, Fook Weng (2) 
 2022 
 95,848 
 nil 
 nil 
 nil 
 nil 
 nil 
 18,163 
 114,011 
 
 CFO, Secretary, Treasurer, and Director 
 2021 
 96,208 
 nil 
 nil 
 nil 
 nil 
 nil 
 4,222 
 100,430 
 
 Brendan Norman (3) 
 2022 
 180,000 
 nil 
 nil 
 nil 
 nil 
 nil 
 nil 
 180,000 
 
 Chief Strategy Officer 
 2021 
 142,500 
 nil 
 nil 
 nil 
 nil 
 nil 
 nil 
 142,500 
 
 Ian Thompson 4 
 2022 
 nil 
 nil 
 nil 
 nil 
 nil 
 nil 
 nil 
 nil 
 
 Former Chief Technical Officer 
 2021 
 57,823 
 nil 
 nil 
 nil 
 nil 
 nil 
 nil 
 57,823 

Notes: 
 1. Mr. Lim was appointed as a member of our Board of Directors on July 19, 2016, and President and CEO on December 5, 2017. 
 2. Mr. Liong was appointed as a member of our Board of Directors, CFO, Corporate Secretary and Treasurer on December 5, 2017. 
 3. Mr. Norman was appointed as Chief Strategy Officer with Duesenberg Nevada on January 15, 2021. 
 4. Mr. Thompson was appointed as Chief Technical Officer with Duesenberg Nevada on January 15, 2021. Mr. Thompson resigned from his position on May 11, 2021. 
 -23- 

Employment Agreements 
 
 Mr. Lim, Hun Beng, provides his services as the Chief Executive Officer and President of the Company under an employment agreement with Duesenberg Malaysia (up to April 30, 2020) and with Duesenberg Evolution (from May 1, 2020, and up to the date of this Annual Report). Under the terms of the employment agreement, the Company agreed to hire Mr. Lim as the Company s CEO and President and agreed to pay Mr. Lim an annual salary of USD 120,000. The terms of the employment agreement provide that in addition to the annual salary, the Company will pay Mr. Lim a monthly out-of-pocket allowance of approximately 2,400 (RM10,000), and an annual bonus equivalent to a minimum 100 annual base salary, which bonus will be based on the achievement of certain performance milestones predetermined by the Company s board of directors. As of the date of the filing of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, the performance milestones were not attained, therefore the Company did not record any bonuses payable to Mr. Lim. On July 8 2022, the Company amended the employment agreement with Mr. Lim, to remove a 2,400 limit set on out-of-pocket expenses, and instead the Company agreed to reimburse Mr. Lim for all reasonable out of pocket expenses. 
 
 Mr. Liong, Fook Weng, provides his services as the Chief Financial Officer, Secretary and Treasurer of the Company under an employment agreement with Duesenberg Malaysia (up to April 30, 2020) and with Duesenberg Evolution (from May 1, 2020, and up to the date of this Annual Report). Under the terms of the employment agreement, the Company agreed to hire Mr. Liong as the Company s CFO and agreed to pay Mr. Liong an annual salary of USD 96,000. The terms of the employment agreement provide that in addition to the annual salary, the Company will reimburse Mr. Liong for all reasonable out of pocket expenses, and an annual bonus equivalent to a minimum 100 annual base salary, which bonus will be based on the achievement of certain performance milestones predetermined by the Company s board of directors. As of the date of the filing of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, the performance milestones were not attained, therefore the Company did not record any bonuses payable to Mr. Liong. 
 
 On January 15, 2021, Duesenberg Nevada entered into an employment agreement with Mr. Brandan Norman, who has agreed to assume the position of Chief Strategy Officer with Duesenberg Nevada. Under the terms of the employment agreement, the Company agreed to pay Mr. Norman an annual salary of 180,000 and to reimburse Mr. Norman for all reasonable out-of-pocket expenses; in addition to the salary the Company agreed to pay Mr. Norman an annual bonus equivalent to a minimum 100 annual base salary, which bonus will be based on the achievement of certain performance milestones predetermined by the Company s board of directors. On December 1, 2022, the Company and Mr. Norman renegotiated the terms of the employment agreement, and Mr. Norman agreed to reduced monthly salary of 5,000. 
 
 Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year End 
 
 As at October 31, 2022, we did not have any outstanding equity awards. 
 
 We have no plans that provide for the payment of retirement benefits, or benefits that will be paid primarily following retirement, including but not limited to tax-qualified defined benefit plans, supplemental executive retirement plans, tax-qualified defined contribution plans and nonqualified defined contribution plans. 
 
 We do not have a compensation committee. 
 
 DIRECTOR COMPENSATION 
 
 During the year ended October 31, 2022, Mr. Reints Bok served as independent director of the Company; Mr. Ong, Mr. Barth, and Mr. Chee were not independent due to their share positions with the Company, and Mr. Lim and Mr. Liong were not independent due to their share positions with the Company, and, in addition by virtue of being executive officers of the Company. Table 9 summarizes all compensation for the 2022 and 2021 fiscal years received by the Company s directors. Compensation paid to directors who were also named executive officers during our October 31, 2022, fiscal year is set out in the Table 8 above. 

-24- 

Table 9: Summary Director Compensation Table 
 Name Principal 
 Position 
 Year 
 Salary 
 ) 
 Bonus 
 ) 
 Stock 
 Awards 
 ) 
 Option 
 Awards 
 ) 
 Non-Equity 
 Incentive 
 Plan 
 Compen- 
 sation 
 ) 
 Nonqualified 
 Deferred 
 Compen- 
 sation 
 Earnings 
 ) 
 All Other 
 Compen- 
 sation 
 ) 
 Total 
 ) 
 
 Ong, See-Ming (1) 
 2022 
 nil 
 nil 
 nil 
 nil 
 nil 
 nil 
 24,000 
 24,000 
 
 Director 
 2021 
 nil 
 nil 
 nil 
 nil 
 nil 
 nil 
 24,000 
 24,000 
 
 Chee, Wai Hong 2 
 2022 
 nil 
 22,200 
 nil 
 nil 
 nil 
 nil 
 16,000 
 38,200 
 
 Director 
 2021 
 nil 
 nil 
 nil 
 nil 
 nil 
 nil 
 nil 
 nil 
 
 Barth, J rgen Carl 3 
 2022 
 nil 
 22,200 
 nil 
 nil 
 nil 
 nil 
 24,000 
 46,200 
 
 Director 
 2021 
 nil 
 nil 
 nil 
 nil 
 nil 
 nil 
 nil 
 nil 
 
 Reints Bok, Aernout 4 
 2022 
 nil 
 nil 
 nil 
 nil 
 nil 
 nil 
 6,000 
 6,000 
 
 Director 
 2021 
 nil 
 nil 
 nil 
 nil 
 nil 
 nil 
 nil 
 nil 

(1) During the years ended October 31, 2022 and 2021, we accrued 24,000 on account of management fees payable to Mr. Ong for his services. 
 (2) During the year ended October 31, 2022, we accrued 16,000 on account of management fees payable to Mr. Chee for his services. In addition, on February 24, 2022, we issued Mr. Chee 120,000 shares valued at 22,200 as a bonus to recognize his services as a director of the Company. Mr. Chee did not stand for reelection at the Company s 2022 annual general meeting. 
 (3) During the year ended October 31, 2022, we accrued 24,000 on account of management fees payable to Mr. Barth for his services. In addition, on February 24, 2022, we issued Mr. Barth 120,000 shares valued at 22,200 as a bonus to recognize his services as a director of the Company. 
 (4) During the year ended October 31, 2022 and 2021, we accrued 6,000 on account of management fees payable to Mr. Reints Bok for his services. Mr. Reints Bok was appointed to our board of directors on July 28, 2022. 
 
 ITEM 12: SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT 
 
 Table 10 presents, as of February 17, 2023, information regarding the beneficial ownership of our common stock with respect to each of our executive officers, each of our directors, each person known by us to own beneficially more than 5 of the common stock, and all of our directors and executive officers as a group. Beneficial ownership is determined under the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission and generally includes voting or investment power over securities. Each individual or entity named has sole investment and voting power with respect to the shares of common stock indicated as beneficially owned by them, subject to community property laws, where applicable, except where otherwise noted. 

-25- 

Table 10: Security ownership 
 Title of Class 
 Name and Address of Beneficial Owner 
 Amount and Nature of 
 Beneficial Ownership 
 Percentage of 
 Common Shares (1) 
 
 Security Ownership, Directors and Officers 
 
 Common Shares 
 LIM, HUN BENG 
 34,154,327 (2) 
 55.56 

21 Denai Endau 3, Seri Tanjong Tokong 
 Direct and Indirect 

10470 Georgetown, Penang, Malaysia 

Common Shares 
 LIONG, FOOK WENG 
 700,281 
 1.14 

No 5, Jalan Girdle, Bukit Tunku 
 Direct 

50480 Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia 

Common Shares 
 ONG, SEE-MING 
 1,048,333 
 1.71 

38 Lengkong Tiga, 
 Direct 

Singapore 417446 

Common Shares 
 Barth, J rgen Carl 
 120,000 
 0.20 

Untere Zeilstr 36 
 Direct 

Sachsenheim, Germany 

Common Shares 
 Brendan Norman 
 2,748,555 
 4.47 

No 5, The Residence Mont Kiara 
 Direct 

Kuala Lumpur Malaysia 50480 

Common Shares 
 Aernout Rents Bok 
 Nil 
 n/a 

IG-23 A3 Andaman at Quaside 
 Lorong Seri Tanjung Pinang 
 n/a 

Tanun Tokong Penang, Malaysia 10470 

Common Shares 
 All Officers and Directors as a Group 
 38,771,497 
 63.07 

Title of Class 
 Name and Address of Beneficial Owner 
 Amount and Nature of 
 Beneficial Ownership 
 Percentage of 
 Common Shares (1) 
 
 Security Ownership, 5 Shareholders 
 
 Common Shares 
 Lim, Hun Beng 
 34,154,327 (2) 
 55.56 

21 Denai Endau 3, Seri Tanjonk Tokong 
 Direct and Indirect 

10470 Georgetown, Penang, Malaysia 

Common Shares 
 Hampshire Capital Ltd. 
 20,000,000 (2) 
 32.53 

Kensington Gardens, No. U1317. Lot 7616 
 Direct 

Jalan Jumidar Buyong, 
 87000, Labuan F.T. Malaysia 

Common Shares 
 Hampshire Motors Group Ltd. 
 1,388,428 
 2.26 

Rm 2401, 24th Fl, CC Wu Building 
 Indirect 

302-308 Hennessy Rd, Wan Chai Hong Kong 

Common Shares 
 Hampshire Brands (PTE) Ltd. 
 4,654,819 
 7.57 

668 Chander Road #02-10 
 Indirect 

Singapore, 210668 

Notes: 
 1. Under Rule 13d-3, a beneficial owner of a security includes any person who, directly or indirectly, through any contract, arrangement, understanding, relationship, or otherwise has or shares: (i) voting power, which includes the power to vote, or to direct the voting of shares; and (ii) investment power, which includes the power to dispose or direct the disposition of shares. Certain shares may be deemed to be beneficially owned by more than one person (if, for example, persons share the power to vote or the power to dispose of the shares). In addition, shares are deemed to be beneficially owned by a person if the person has the right to acquire the shares (for example, upon exercise of an option) within 60 days of the date as of which the information is provided. In computing the percentage ownership of any person, the amount of shares outstanding is deemed to include the amount of shares beneficially owned by such person (and only such person) by reason of these acquisition rights. As a result, the percentage of outstanding shares of any person as shown in this table does not necessarily reflect the person s actual ownership or voting power with respect to the number of our shares actually outstanding on February 17, 2023. As of February 17, 2023, there were 61,477,632 common shares issued and outstanding. 
 -26- 

2. Mr. Lim is the direct beneficial owner of 8,111,080 shares of our common stock. Hampshire Capital Ltd is the direct beneficial owner of 20,000,000 shares of our common stock. Hampshire Motors Group Ltd. is direct beneficial owner of 1,388,428 shares of our common stock. Hampshire Brands (PTE) Ltd. is direct beneficial owner of 4,654,819 shares of our common stock. Mr. Lim, is director of Hampshire Motors Group, Hampshire Capital Ltd, and Hampshire Brands (PTE) Ltd, and therefore is the beneficial owner of our securities held directly by these entities, with shared voting and dispositive power over those securities. 
 
 Changes in Control 
 
 We are not aware of any arrangements that may result in a change in control. 
 
 ITEM 13: CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 
 Director Independence 
 
 Our common shares are quoted on the OTC Markets inter-dealer quotation system, which does not have director independence requirements. For the purpose of determining director independence, we have adopted the independence requirements of Canadian National Instrument 52-110 - Audit Committees NI 52-110 as we are an OTC reporting issuer in the province of British Columbia. NI 52-110 recommends that the Board of Directors of a public company be constituted with a majority of individuals who qualify as independent directors. An independent director is a director who has no direct or indirect material relationship with us. A material relationship is a relationship, which could, in the view of the Board of Directors, reasonably interfere with the exercise of a director s independent judgment. Mr. Reints Bok, qualifies as independent director. Mr. Barth and Mr. Ong are not independent, as they hold 0.20 and 1.71 shares of our common stock, respectively. Mr. Lim is not an independent director as, in addition to being our CEO and President, he beneficially holds 55.56 of our common stock. Mr. Liong is not an independent director because of his position as CFO, Secretary and Treasurer, in addition he holds 1.14 of our common stock. 
 
 As a result of our limited operating history and minimal resources, our management believes that it will have difficulty in attracting additional independent directors. In addition, we would likely be required to obtain directors and officers insurance coverage in order to attract and retain additional independent directors. Our management believes that the costs associated with maintaining such insurance are prohibitive at this time. 
 
 Transactions with Related Parties 
 
 Except as disclosed below, none of the following parties has, during our last two fiscal years, had any material interest, direct or indirect, in any transaction with us or in any presently proposed transaction that has or will materially affect us, in which the Company is a participant and the amount involved exceeds the lesser of 120,000 or 1 of the average of the Company s total assets for the last two completed fiscal years: 
 
 (i) Any of our directors or officers; 
 (ii) Any person proposed as a nominee for election as a director; 
 (iii) Any person who beneficially owns, directly or indirectly, shares carrying more than 10 of the voting rights attached to our outstanding common shares; 
 (iv) Any of our promoters; and 
 (v) Any relative or spouse of any of the foregoing persons who has the same house as such person. 
 
 Lim, Hun Beng 
 
 During the years ended October 31, 2021 and 2022, Mr. Lim was employed by Duesenberg Evolution. Under the terms of the employment agreement, we agreed to pay Mr. Lim an annual salary of 120,000, and provide him with a monthly allowance for out-of-pocket expenses of approximately 2,400 (RM10,000); in addition to the salary, we agreed to pay Mr. Lim an annual bonus equivalent to a minimum 100 annual base salary, which bonus will be based on the achievement of certain performance milestones predetermined by the Company s board of directors. On July 8, 2022, we amended Mr. Lim s employment agreement by removing a 2,400 limit set on out-of-pocket expenses, and instead agreed to reimburse Mr. Lim for all reasonable out of pocket expenses. 
 
 During the year ended October 31, 2022, we expensed 180,161 (2021 - 149,232) in salary and reimbursable expenses with Mr. Lim. During the same period, Mr. Lim agreed to convert 102,608 (2021 - 77,103) the Company 
 -27- 
 
 owed to him on account of unpaid salary, reimbursable expenses, and cash advances to 513,140 (2021 - 102,804) shares of the Company s common stock. This transaction resulted in 7,697 gain, which we recognized in additional paid-in capital. On October 13, 2022, we closed a private placement financing with Mr. Lim, issuing him 6,458,333 shares of the Company s common stock for total proceeds of 775,000. Lastly, during the year ended October 31, 2022, Mr. Lim advanced the Company 111,671 in exchange for a note payable due on demand and accumulating interest at 4 per year compounded monthly. As at October 31, 2022, we owed Mr. Lim a total of 143,615 (2021 - 22,808). 
 
 Liong, Fook Weng 
 
 During the years ended October 31, 2021 and 2022, Mr. Liong was employed by Duesenberg Evolution. Under the terms of the employment agreement, we agreed to pay Mr. Liong an annual salary of 96,000 and to reimburse Mr. Liong for all reasonable out-of-pocket expenses; in addition to the salary we agreed to pay Mr. Liong an annual bonus equivalent to a minimum 100 annual base salary, which bonus will be based on the achievement of certain performance milestones predetermined by the Company s board of directors. During the year ended October 31, 2022 we expensed 114,011 (2021 - 100,430) in salary and reimbursable expenses with Mr. Liong. As at October 31, 2022, we owed Mr. Liong a total of 148,481 (2021 - 83,940) in salary and reimbursable expenses. 
 
 Ong See-Ming 
 
 During the years ended October 31, 2022, and 2021 we incurred 24,000, each, in management fees to Mr. Ong. During the year ended October 31, 2022, Mr. Ong agreed to convert 30,000 the Company owed to him on account of unpaid management fees, into 150,000 common shares of the Company, resulting in a 2,250 gain on conversion, which was recognized in additional paid-in capital. As at October 31, 2022, we owed Mr. Ong a total of 24,000 (2021 - 30,000) in management fees. 
 
 J rgen Carl Barth 
 
 During the year ended October 31, 2022, we incurred 24,000 on account of management fees payable to Mr. Barth for his services (2021 - Nil). In addition, on February 24, 2022, we issued Mr. Barth 120,000 shares valued at 22,200 as a bonus to recognize his services as a director of the Company (2021 - Nil). As at October 31, 2022, we owed Mr. Barth a total of 24,000 (2021 - Nil) in management fees. 
 
 Chee Wai Hong 
 
 During the year ended October 31, 2022, we incurred 16,000 on account of management fees payable to Mr. Chee for his services (2021 - Nil). In addition, on February 24, 2022, we issued Mr. Chee 120,000 shares valued at 22,200 as a bonus to recognize his services as a director of the Company (2021 - Nil). As at October 31, 2022, we owed Mr. Chee a total of 16,000 (2021 - Nil) in management fees. Mr. Chee did not stand for reelection at the Company s 2022 annual general meeting. 
 
 Aernout Reints Bok 
 
 Mr. Reints Bok was appointed to our board of directors of July 28, 2022. During the year ended October 31, 2022, we incurred 6,000 on account of management fees payable to Mr. Reints Bok for his services (2021 - Nil). As at October 31, 2022, we owed Mr. Reints Bok a total of 6,000 (2021 - Nil) in management fees. 
 
 Brendan Norman 
 
 On January 15, 2021, Duesenberg Nevada entered into an employment agreement with Mr. Brendan Norman, who agreed to assume the position of Chief Strategy Officer with Duesenberg Nevada. Under the terms of the employment agreement, we agreed to pay Mr. Norman an annual salary of 180,000 and to reimburse Mr. Norman for all reasonable out-of-pocket expenses; in addition to the salary, we agreed to pay Mr. Norman an annual bonus equivalent to a minimum 100 annual base salary, which bonus will be based on the achievement of certain performance milestones predetermined by the Company s board of directors. During the year ended October 31, 2022, we expensed 180,000 (2021 - 142,500) in salary and reimbursable expenses with Mr. Norman. As at October 31, 2022, we owed Mr. Norman a total of 250,675 (2021 - 75,448) in salary and reimbursable expenses. On December 1, 2022, Mr. Norman and the Company reached an agreement to amend his employment agreement by reducing his salary from 15,000 per month, to 5,000 per month. In addition, subsequent to October 31, 2022, Mr. Norman agreed to convert 265,674 
 -28- 
 
 we owed him on account of unpaid salary and reimbursable expenses into 2,415,222 shares of our common stock. These shares were issued on December 28, 2022. 
 
 On January 18, 2023, we entered into a subscription agreement with Mr. Norman to issue 333,333 Shares at 0.15 per Share for total proceeds of 50,000. These Shares were issued on February 17, 2023. 
 
 Ian Thompson 
 
 On January 15, 2021, Duesenberg Nevada entered into an employment agreement with Mr. Ian Thompson, who agreed to assume the position of Chief Technical Officer with Duesenberg Nevada. Under the terms of the employment agreement, we agreed to pay Mr. Thompson an annual salary of 180,000 and to reimburse Mr. Thompson for all reasonable out-of-pocket expenses; in addition to the salary, we agreed to pay Mr. Thompson an annual bonus equivalent to a minimum 100 annual base salary, which bonus was to be based on the achievement of certain performance milestones predetermined by the Company s board of directors. Mr. Thompson resigned from his position as CTO of Duesenberg Nevada and terminated his employment on May 11, 2021. During the year ended October 31, 2021, we expensed 57,823 in salary and reimbursable expenses with Mr. Thompson. During the year ended October 31, 2021, Mr. Thompson agreed to convert 50,322 the Company owed to him on account of unpaid salary, into 209,677 common shares of the Company. The Company recorded 6,290 as loss on conversion of debt, which was recorded as part of additional paid-in capital for the year ended October 31, 2021. 
 
 Hampshire Automotive Sdn Bhd. 
 
 On May 1, 2021, Duesenberg Malaysia, engaged Hampshire Automotive, a private company of which Mr. Joe Lim is a 33 shareholder, to assist the Company with engineering and drafting of the Duesenberg Heritage vehicles. As part of the services, Hampshire Automotive agreed to convert the existing Duesenberg heritage car and parts the Company acquired into 3-D digital drawing, which will then be used to manufacture new vehicles. During the year ended October 31, 2022, the Company incurred 1,000,209 (2021 - 231,325) for the services, which were recorded as part of research and development fees. As at October 31, 2022, we owed Hampshire Automotive a total of 82,477 (2021 - 61,094) for their services. 
 
 Duesey Coffee and Chocolates Sdn Bhd 
 
 During the year ended October 31, 2022, we generated 20,061 (2021 - 29,094) in revenue from Duesey Coffee and Chocolates Sdn Bhd Duesey Coffee ), of which Mr. Lim is a 50 shareholder. Due to market uncertainty associated with COVID-19 we provide our services to Duesey Coffee on a month-to-month basis at 10,000 Malaysian Ringgit (approximately USD 2,450). As at July 31, 2022, we stopped recognizing revenue from Duesey Coffee and Chocolates Sdn Bhd, in addition, as at October 31, 2022, we wrote off the full amount receivable from Duesey Coffee, being 25,779, as we determined that the collectability of the amount owed to us was unlikely. At October 31, 2021, we had 14,489 receivable from Duesey Coffee. 
 
 ITEM 14: PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 
 
 (1) Audit Fees and Related Fees 
 
 The aggregate fees billed and accrued for each of the last two fiscal years for professional services rendered by our principal accountant for the audit of our annual consolidated financial statements and for the review of our financial statements or for services that are normally provided by the accountant in connection with statutory and regulatory filings or engagements for those fiscal years were: 
 
 2022 - 45,196 - Dale Matheson Carr-Hilton Labonte LLP 
 2021 - 22,943 - Dale Matheson Carr-Hilton Labonte LLP 
 -29- 

(2) Audit-Related Fees 
 
 The aggregate fees billed in each of the last two fiscal years for assurance and related services by the principal accountants that are reasonably related to the performance of the audit or review of our financial statements and are not reported in the preceding paragraph: 
 
 2022 - 0 - Dale Matheson Carr-Hilton Labonte LLP 
 2021 - 0 - Dale Matheson Carr-Hilton Labonte LLP 
 
 (3) Tax Fees 
 
 The aggregate fees billed in each of the last two fiscal years for professional services rendered by the principal accountant for tax compliance, tax advice, and tax planning was: 
 
 2022 - 4,661 - Dale Matheson Carr-Hilton Labonte LLP 
 2021 - 3,578 - Dale Matheson Carr-Hilton Labonte LLP 
 
 (4) All Other Fees 
 
 The aggregate fees billed in each of the last two fiscal years for the products and services provided by the principal accountant, other than the services reported in paragraphs (1), (2) and (3) was: 
 
 2022 - 0 - Dale Matheson Carr-Hilton Labonte LLP 
 2021 - 0 - Dale Matheson Carr-Hilton Labonte LLP 
 
 Our board of directors pre-approves all audit and permissible non-audit services provided by the independent auditors. These services may include audit services, audit-related services, tax services and other services. 

-30- 

PART IV 
 
 ITEM 15: EXHIBITS 
 
 The following table sets out the exhibits either filed herewith or incorporated by reference. 
 
 Exhibit 
 Description 
 
 3.1 
 Notice of Articles. (4) 
 
 3.2 
 Articles. (1) 
 
 3.3 
 Certificate of Continuation. (2) 
 
 3.4 
 Certificate of Change of Name dated January 6, 2014. (4) 
 
 3.5 
 Certificate of Change of Name dated February 11, 2015. (6) 
 
 3.6 
 Certificate of Change of Name dated December 23, 2020. (10) 
 
 3.7 
 Notice of Articles dated December 23, 2020 (10) 
 
 10. 1 
 Software Purchase Agreement between the Company and Hampshire Capital Limited. dated January 8, 2015. (5) 
 
 10. 2 
 Service Agreement between VGrab International Ltd. and Hampshire Infotech SDN BHD dated July 12, 2015. (7) 
 
 10. 3 
 Mobile Application Development Agreement between VGrab Asia Ltd. and Mr. Zheng Qing, Mr. Gu Xianwin and Ms. Chen Weijie dated March 5, 2019. (8) 
 
 10. 4 
 Debt Settlement Agreement between VGrab Communications Inc. and HG Group Sdn Bhd dated July 9, 2019. (8) 
 
 10. 5 
 Debt Settlement Agreement between VGrab Communications Inc. and Chen Weijie dated August 30, 2019. (8) 
 
 10. 6 
 Debt Settlement Agreement between VGrab Communications Inc. and Gu Xianwin dated August 30, 2019. (8) 
 
 10.7 
 Debt Settlement Agreement between VGrab Communications Inc. and Zheng Qing dated August 30, 2019. (8) 
 
 10. 8 
 Debt Settlement Agreement between VGrab Communications Inc. and Hampshire Avenue Sdn Bhd dated September 2, 2019. (8) 
 
 10. 9 
 Debt Settlement Agreement between VGrab Communications Inc. and Liew Choong Kong dated October 3, 2019. (8) 
 
 10.10 
 Debt Settlement Agreement between Mr. Lim Hun Beng and VGrab Communications Inc. dated October 6, 2020. (9) 
 
 10.11 
 Debt Settlement Agreement between Mr. Liong Fook Weng and VGrab Communications Inc. dated October 6, 2020. (9) 
 
 10.12 
 Debt Settlement Agreement between Mr. Ong See Ming and VGrab Communications Inc. dated October 6, 2020. (9) 
 
 10.13 
 General service agreement between Rocket Supreme S.L. and Duesenberg Inc. (11) 
 
 10.14 
 Employment Agreement between Duesenberg Inc. and Mr. Brendan Norman dated for reference January 15, 2021 (12) 
 
 10.15 
 Employment Agreement between Duesenberg Inc. and Mr. Ian Thompson dated for reference January 15, 2021 (12) 
 
 10.16 
 Debt Settlement Agreement between Mr. Lim Hun Beng and Duesenberg Technologies Inc. dated March 9, 2021 (13) 
 
 10.17 
 Debt Settlement Agreement between Hampshire Avenue SDN BHD and Duesenberg Technologies Inc. dated March 9, 2021 (13) 

-31- 

Exhibit 
 Description 
 
 10.18 
 Digitalization Development Agreement between Hampshire Automotive Sdn Bhd and Duesenberg Technologies Malaysia Sdn. Bhd. dated April 16, 2021 (15) 
 
 10.19 
 Consulting Agreement between the Company and Veritas Consulting Group Inc. dated June 22, 2021. (14) 
 
 10.20 
 Share Reimbursement Agreement with Lim Kaishen dated August 6, 2021. (15) 
 
 10.21 
 Debt Settlement Agreement between Mr. Ian George Thompson and Duesenberg Technologies Inc. dated August 20, 2021 (15) 
 
 10.22 
 Share Subscription Agreement dated for reference February 11, 2022, between the Company and Hampshire Brands (PTE) LTD (16) 
 
 10.23 
 Debt Conversion Agreement dated for reference February 24, 2022, between the Company and Mr. Lim Hung Beng (16) 
 
 10.24 
 Debt Conversion Agreement dated for reference February 24, 2022, between the Company and Mr. Ong See-Ming (16) 
 
 10.25 
 Settlement agreement and mutual release between the Company and Veritas Consulting Group Inc. dated May 5, 2022 (17) 
 
 10.26 
 Share Subscription Agreement dated for reference June 17, 2022, between the Company and Hampshire Brands (PTE) LTD (18) 
 
 10.27 
 Share Subscription Agreement dated for reference August 23, 2022, between the Company and Lim Hun Beng 
 
 10.28 
 At-will Contract for Services Agreement between Duesenberg Inc. and Brendan Scott Norman, dated December 1, 2022 
 
 10.29 
 Debt Settlement Agreement between Mr. Brendan Norman and Duesenberg Technologies Inc. dated December 12, 2022 (19) 
 
 10.30 
 Debt Settlement Agreement between Mr. Ralph Biggar and Duesenberg Technologies Inc. dated December 12, 2022. (19) 
 
 10.31 
 Debt Settlement Agreement between Rain Communications Corp. and Duesenberg Technologies Inc. dated December 12, 2022. (19) 
 
 16.1 
 Code of Ethics. (3) 
 
 21.1 
 List of Subsidiaries. 
 
 31.1 
 Certification of CEO pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a). 
 
 31.2 
 Certification of CFO pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a). 
 
 32.1 
 Certification of CEO pursuant to Section 1350 of Title 18 of the United States Code. 
 
 32.2 
 Certification of CFO pursuant to Section 1350 of Title 18 of the United States Code. 
 
 99.1 
 Audit Committee Charter (3) 
 
 101 
 The following consolidated financial statements from the registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended October 31, 2022, formatted in XBRL: 
 (i) Consolidated Balance Sheets; 
 (ii) Consolidated Statements of Operations; 
 (iii) Consolidated Statement of Stockholders Deficit; 
 (iv) Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows; 
 (v) Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 

Notes: 
 
 (1) Filed with the SEC as an exhibit to our Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on June 12, 2012. 
 (2) Filed with the SEC as an exhibit to our Registration Statement on Form S-1/A2 filed on August 23, 2012. 
 (3) Filed with the SEC as an exhibit to our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on January 28, 2013. 
 (4) Filed with the SEC as an exhibit to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 9, 2014. 
 (5) Filed with the SEC as an exhibit to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 14, 2015. 
 (6) Filed with the SEC as an exhibit to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 17, 2015. 
 (7) Filed with the SEC as an exhibit to our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on February 9, 2016. 
 (8) Filed with the SEC as an exhibit to our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on January 29, 2020. 
 (9) Filed with the SEC as an exhibit to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 9, 2020 
 -32- 

(10) Filed with the SEC as an exhibit to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 30, 2020 
 (11) Filed with the SEC as an exhibit to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 15, 2021 
 (12) Filed with the SEC as an exhibit to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 2, 2021 
 (13) Filed with the SEC as an exhibit to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 18, 2021 
 (14) Filed with the SEC as an exhibit to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 20, 2021 
 (15) Filed with the SEC as an exhibit to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on September 20, 2021 
 (16) Filed with the SEC as an exhibit to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 1, 2022 
 (17) Filed with the SEC as an exhibit to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 20, 2022 
 (18) Filed with the SEC as an exhibit to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on June 22, 2022 
 (19) Filed with the SEC as an exhibit to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 9, 2023 

-33- 

SIGNATURES 
 
 In accordance with Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, the registrant caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 
 Dated: February 17, 2023 

DUESENBERG TECHNOLOGIES INC. 

By: 
 /s/ Lim Hun Beng 

Lim Hun Beng 
 Chief Executive Officer and President 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated 
 
 Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/ Lim Hun Beng 

Lim Hun Beng 
 
 Chief Executive Officer, (Principal Executive Officer), President and Member of the Board of Directors 
 
 February 17, 2023 

/s/ Liong Fook Weng 

Liong Fook Weng 
 
 Chief Financial Officer, (Principal Accounting Officer), and Member of the Board of Directors 
 
 February 17, 2023 

/s/ Ong, See-Ming 

Ong, See-Ming 
 
 Member of the Board of Directors 
 
 February 17, 2023 

/s/ Reints Bok, Aernout 

Reints Bok, Aernout 
 
 Member of the Board of Directors 
 
 February 17, 2023 

/s/ Barth, J rgen Carl 

Barth, J rgen Carl 
 
 Member of the Board of Directors 
 
 February 17, 2023 

-34- 

<EX-10.27>
 2
 dusyf_ex1027.htm
 REG S SUBSCRIPTION AGREEMENT

Reg S Subscription Agreement 

THE SECURITIES OFFERED HEREBY HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933 THE SECURITIES ACT ), AND ARE PROPOSED TO BE ISSUED IN RELIANCE UPON AN EXEMPTION FROM THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT PROVIDED BY REGULATION S PROMULGATED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT . UPON ANY SALE, SUCH SECURITIES MAY NOT BE REOFFERED FOR SALE OR RESOLD OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED IN THE UNITED STATES OR TO U.S. PERSONS EXCEPT IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE PROVISIONS OF REGULATION S, PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT , OR PURSUANT TO AN AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT AND IN EACH CASE IN ACCORDANCE WITH ANY APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS . HEDGING TRANSACTIONS INVOLVING THE SECURITIES MAY NOT BE CONDUCTED UNLESS IN COMPLIANCE WITH THE SECURITIES ACT . 

REGULATION S SUBSCRIPTION AGREEMENT 
 
 NON-U.S. PERSONS ONLY 
 
 THIS AGREEMENT is made effective as of the _ 23 rd day of _____ August __________, 2022. 
 
 BETWEEN: 
 THE SUBSCRIBER LISTED ON THE EXECUTION PAGE 
 TO THIS AGREEMENT 
 LIM HUN BENG , a individual with the address No 21, Denai Endau 3,Seri Tanjung Pinang,10470 Tanjung Tokong, Penang, Malaysia 
 
 (the Subscriber 
 OF THE FIRST PART 
 
 AND: 
 DUESENBERG TECHNOLOGIES INC. , a British Columbia company with an office at No 21, Denai Endau 3,Seri Tanjung Pinang, 10470 Tanjung Tokong, Penang, Malaysia 
 
 (the Company 
 OF THE SECOND PART 
 
 THE PARTIES HEREBY AGREE AS FOLLOWS: 
 
 1. DEFINITIONS AND INTERPRETATION 
 
 1.1 The following terms will have the following meanings for all purposes of this Agreement. 
 
 (a) Agreement means this Subscription Agreement, and all schedules and amendments to in the Agreement; 
 
 (b) Exchange Act means the United States Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; 
 
 (c) MI 51-105 means Multilateral Instrument 51-105 Issuers Quoted in the U.S. Over-the-Counter Markets , as amended; 
 
 (d) Offering means the offering of the Shares by the Company; 
 
 (e) Purchase Price means the purchase price payable by the Subscriber to the Company in consideration for the purchase and sale of the Shares in accordance with Section 2.1 of this Agreement; 
 
 (f) SEC means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission; 
 
 (g) Securities Act means the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended; and 
 
 (h) Shares means those common shares of the Company to be purchased by the Subscriber. 
 
 1.2 All dollar amounts referred to in this agreement are in United States funds, unless expressly stated otherwise. 
 
 2. PURCHASE AND SALE OF SHARES 
 
 2.1 Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, the Subscriber hereby subscribes for and agrees to purchase from the Company such number of Shares as is set forth upon the signature page hereof at a price equal to 0.12 United States Dollars USD per share (the Purchase Price ). Upon execution, the subscription by the Subscriber at the Purchase Price (or if applicable, the Adjusted Purchase Price, as that term is defined in Paragraph 2.3), will be irrevocable. 
 
 2.2 The Subscriber will complete the purchase of the Shares by delivering to the Company, payment of the Purchase Price by wire transfer, check, bank draft or cashier s check payable to the Company or such other form of payment as may be acceptable to the Company, in its sole discretion. Such payment is to be completed on the dates set forth below (the Payment Schedule ): 
 
 1 st Payment 13 th July 2022 RM 510,000.00 
 
 2 nd Payment 26 th August 2022 RM 960,000.00 
 
 3 rd Payment 30 th September 2022 RM 960,000.00 
 
 4 th Payment 15 th October 2022 RM 980,000.00 

2.3 Upon execution by the Company, the Company agrees to sell such Shares to the Subscriber for the Purchase Price subject to the Company's right, exercisable at the Company s sole discretion, to sell to the Subscriber such lesser number of Shares as the Company may deem necessary or desirable. If the Subscriber fails to make a payment before its respective deadline on the Payment Schedule, the Company shall have the right Adjustment Right to adjust the Purchase Price to the closing price of the Company s Shares on the OTC Marketplace on the first trading day following the failure to pay (the Adjustment Date applying an exchange ratio of RM 4.40 to USD 1 (the Adjusted Purchase Price and issue such number of Shares that are equal to the sum of the payments received before the Adjustment Date divided by the Adjusted Purchase Price. 
 
 2.4 Any acceptance by the Company of the Subscription is conditional upon compliance with all securities laws and other applicable laws of the jurisdiction in which the Subscriber is a resident. The Subscriber will deliver to the Company all other documentation, agreements, representations and requisite government forms that the lawyers for the Company may deem necessary to ensure compliance with all applicable securities laws and any other applicable laws. 
 
 2.5 Pending acceptance of this subscription by the Company, all funds paid by the Subscriber shall be deposited by the Company and immediately available to the Company for its corporate purposes. In the event the subscription is not accepted, the subscription funds will constitute a non-interest bearing demand loan of the Subscriber to the Company. The Subscriber acknowledges and agrees that if the funds are advanced to the Company's legal counsel, such funds will be held in trust by the Company s legal counsel for the sole benefit of the Company and that the Company s legal counsel shall be entitled to release such funds to the Company on confirmation by the Company that it will accept the subscription and without any further authorization or instructions from the Subscriber. 
 
 2.6 The Subscriber hereby authorizes and directs the Company to deliver the securities to be issued to such Subscriber pursuant to this Agreement to the Subscriber s address indicated on the signature page of this Agreement. 
 
 2.7 The Subscriber acknowledges and agrees that the Company has the right to accept or reject this Agreement in whole or in part, and the Company's acceptance of the subscription is not subject to any minimum subscription for the Offering. 
 
 2.8 The Subscriber further acknowledges that the Company will not be required to issue any Shares until the final payment of the Purchase Price has been made or in the event of the Company s election to use the Adjustment Right, after notice of such election has been provided to the Subscriber. 

3. REGULATION S AGREEMENTS OF THE SUBSCRIBER AND RESALE RESTRICTIONS 
 
 3.1 The Subscriber represents and warrants to the Corporation that the Subscriber is not a U.S. Person as defined by Regulation S of the Securities Act and is not acquiring the Shares for the account or benefit of a U.S. Person. A copy of the definition of a US Person as set out in Regulation S is attached as Schedule A to this Agreement. 
 
 3.2 The Subscriber acknowledges, represents and warrants to the Company that the Subscriber was not in the United States both at the time the offer to purchase the Shares was received and at the time the Subscriber s decision to purchase the Shares was made. 
 
 3.3 The Subscriber acknowledges that the Shares are restricted securities within the meaning of the Securities Act and will be issued to the Subscriber in accordance with Regulation S of the Securities Act. 
 
 3.4 The Subscriber agrees not to engage in hedging transactions with regard to the Shares unless in compliance with the Securities Act. 
 
 3.5 The Subscriber agrees to resell the Shares only in accordance with the provisions of Regulation S of the Securities Act, pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act or pursuant to an available exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act, and in each case in accordance with any applicable state securities laws. The Subscriber further agrees that the Company will refuse to register any transfer of the Shares not made in accordance with the provisions of Regulation S of the Securities Act, pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act or pursuant to an available exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act, and in each case in accordance with any applicable state securities laws. 
 
 3.6 The Subscriber acknowledges and agrees that all certificates representing the Shares will be endorsed with restrictive legends substantially similar to the following in accordance with Regulation S of the Securities Act and MI 51-105: 
 
 THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933 (THE SECURITIES ACT ), AND HAVE BEEN ISSUED IN RELIANCE UPON AN EXEMPTION FROM THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT PROVIDED BY REGULATION S PROMULGATED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT. SUCH SECURITIES MAY NOT BE REOFFERED FOR SALE OR RESOLD OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED EXCEPT IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE PROVISIONS OF REGULATION S, PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, OR PURSUANT TO AN AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT, AND IN EACH CASE IN ACCORDANCE WITH ANY APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. HEDGING TRANSACTIONS INVOLVING THE SECURITIES MAY NOT BE CONDUCTED UNLESS IN COMPLIANCE WITH THE SECURITIES ACT. 
 
 THE HOLDER OF THIS SECURITY MUST NOT TRADE THE SECURITY IN OR FROM A JURISDICTION IN CANADA UNLESS THE CONDITIONS IN SECTION 13 OF MULTILATERAL INSTRUMENT 51-105 ISSUERS QUOTED IN THE U.S. OVER-THE-COUNTER MARKETS ARE MET. 
 
 4. COVENANTS, REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE SUBSCRIBER 
 
 The Subscriber covenants, represents and warrants to the Company as follows, and acknowledges that the Company is relying upon such covenants, representations and warranties in connection with the sale of the Shares to such Subscriber: 
 
 4.1 The Subscriber is: 
 
 (a) An accredited investor as that term is defined in National Instrument 45-106 Prospectus and Registration Exemptions (a Canadian Accredited Investor ), and the Subscriber has completed, signed, and delivered with this Agreement, a copy of the Canadian Accredited Investor Certificate attached as Schedule B and the risk acknowledgement attached as Appendix I to Schedule B to this Agreement, or 
 
 (b) the Subscriber is either (A) a director, executive officer, control person or founder of the Company, or (B) a close personal friend, close business associate, spouse, parent, grandparent, sibling or child (or a parent, grandparent, sibling or child of a spouse) of a director, executive officer, control person or founder of the Company, and in each case, has completed, signed and delivered with this Agreement, a copy of the Canadian Confirmation of Relationship Certificate attached as Schedule C to this Agreement. 
 
 4.2 If the Subscriber is a non-resident of Canada, the Subscriber is required to also complete the attached Schedule A : 
 
 4.3 The Subscriber acknowledges and agrees that the Company is an OTC reporting issuer as that term is defined in MI 51-105, and that the Shares may not be traded in or from a jurisdiction in Canada unless the following conditions have been met, and the Company will refuse to register any transfer of the Shares not made in accordance with the provisions of MI 51-105: 
 
 (a) A four month period has passed from the later of (i) the date that the Company distributed the Shares, and (ii) the date the Shares were distributed by a control person of the Company; 
 
 (b) If the person trading the Shares is a control person of the Company, such person has held the Shares for at least 6 months; 
 
 (c) The number of Shares that the person proposes to trade, plus the number of common shares of the Company that such person has traded in the preceding 12 months, does not exceed 5 of the Company s outstanding common shares; 
 
 (d) The trade is made through an investment dealer registered in a jurisdiction in Canada; 
 
 (e) The investment dealer executes the trade through any of the over-the-counter markets in the United States; 
 
 (f) There has been no unusual effort made to prepare the market or create a demand for the Shares; 
 
 (g) No extraordinary commission or other consideration is paid to a person for the trade; 
 
 (h) If the person trading the Shares is an insider of the Company, the person reasonably believes that the Company is not in default of securities legislation; and 
 
 (i) All certificates representing the Shares bear the Canadian restrictive legend set out in Section 3.6 
 
 4.4 The Subscriber acknowledges that an investment in the Company is highly speculative, and involves a high degree of risk as the Company is in the early stages of developing its business, and may require substantial funds in addition to the proceeds of this private placement, and that only subscribers who can afford the loss of their entire investment should consider investing in the Company. The Subscriber is an investor in securities of businesses in the development stage and acknowledges that the Subscriber is able to fend for himself/herself/itself, can bear the economic risk of the Subscriber's investment, and has such knowledge and 
 
 experience in financial or business matters such that the Subscriber is capable of evaluating the merits and risks of an investment in the Company s securities as contemplated in this Agreement. 
 
 4.5 If the Subscriber is not an individual, was not organized for the purpose of acquiring the Shares. 
 
 4.6 The Subscriber has had full opportunity to review the Company s periodic filings with the SEC pursuant to the Exchange Act, and the Company s filings on the Canadian System for Electronic Document Analysis and Retrieval (SEDAR), including, but not limited to, the Company s annual reports, quarterly reports, current reports and additional information regarding the business and financial condition of the Company. The Subscriber has had full opportunity to ask questions and receive answers from the Company regarding this information, and to review and discuss this information with the Subscriber's legal and financial advisors. The Subscriber believes he/she/it has received all the information he/she/it considers necessary or appropriate for deciding whether to purchase the Shares and that the Subscriber has had full opportunity to discuss this information with the Subscriber s legal and financial advisors prior to executing this Subscription Agreement. 
 
 4.7 The Subscriber acknowledges that the offering of the Shares by the Company has not been reviewed by the SEC or any other securities commission or regulatory body, and that the Shares are being issued by the Company pursuant to an exemption from registration under the Securities Act. 
 
 4.8 The Subscriber understands that the Shares will be characterized as restricted securities under the Securities Act as they are being acquired from the Company in a transaction not involving a public offering and that, under the Securities Act and the regulations promulgated thereunder, such securities may be resold without registration under the Securities Act only in certain limited circumstances. The Subscriber represents that the Subscriber is familiar with SEC Rule 144, as presently in effect, and understands the resale limitations imposed thereby and by the Securities Act. 
 
 4.9 The Shares will be acquired by the Subscriber for investment for the Subscriber's own account, not as a nominee or agent, and not with a view to the resale or distribution of any part thereof, and that the Subscriber has no present intention of selling, granting any participation in, or otherwise distributing the same. The Subscriber does not have any contract, undertaking, agreement or arrangement with any person to sell, transfer or grant participations to such person or to any third person, with respect to any of the Shares. 
 
 4.10 The Subscriber is not aware of any advertisement or general solicitation regarding the offer or sale of the Company s securities. 
 
 4.11 This Agreement has been duly authorized, validly executed and delivered by the Subscriber. 
 
 4.12 The Subscriber has satisfied himself/herself/itself as to the full observance of the laws of the Subscriber's jurisdiction in connection with any invitation to subscribe for the Share or any use of this Agreement, including (i) the legal requirements within the Subscriber's jurisdiction for the purchase of the Shares; (ii) any foreign exchange restrictions applicable to such purchase; (iii) any governmental or other consents that may need to be obtained; (iv) the income tax and other tax consequences, if any, that may be relevant to an investment in the Shares; and (v) any restrictions on transfer applicable to any disposition of the Shares imposed by the jurisdiction in which the Subscriber is resident. 
 
 5. REPRESENTATIONS BY THE COMPANY 
 
 6.1 The Company represents and warrants to the Subscriber that: 
 
 (a) The Company is a corporation duly organized, existing and in good standing under the laws of the Province of British Columbia and has the corporate power to conduct the business which it conducts and proposes to conduct. 
 
 (b) The Shares, when issued in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement, will be duly and validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable common shares in the capital of the Company. 
 
 6. MISCELLANEOUS 
 
 6.1 Any notice or other communication given hereunder shall be deemed sufficient if in writing and sent by registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, addressed to the Company, at its corporate office at 820 - 1130 West Pender Street Vancouver, BC V6E4A4, and to the Subscriber at his/her/its address indicated on the last page of this Agreement. Notices shall be deemed to have been given on the date of mailing, except notices of change of address, which shall be deemed to have been given when received. 
 
 6.2 The parties agree to execute and deliver all such further documents, agreements and instruments and take such other and further action as may be necessary or appropriate to carry out the purposes and intent of this Agreement. 
 
 6.3 The Subscriber agrees that the representations, warranties and covenants of the Subscriber herein will be true and correct both as of the execution of this Agreement and as of the date of this Agreement will survive the closing of the transactions contemplated in this Agreement. The representations, warranties and covenants of the Subscriber herein are made with the intent that they be relied upon by the Company in determining the eligibility of a purchaser of Shares and the Subscriber agrees to indemnify the Company and its respective trustees, affiliates, shareholders, directors, officers, partners, employees, advisors and agents against all losses, claims, costs, expenses and damages or liabilities which any of them may suffer or incur which are caused or arise from a breach thereof. The Subscriber undertakes to immediately notify the Company at the address set out above of any change in any statement or other information relating to the Subscriber set forth herein. 
 
 6.4 Time shall be of the essence hereof. 
 
 6.5 This Agreement represents the entire agreement of the parties hereto relating to the subject matter hereof and there are no representations, covenants or other agreements relating to the subject matter hereof except as stated or referred to herein. 
 
 6.6 The terms and provisions of this Agreement shall be binding upon and enure to the benefit of the Subscriber and the Company and their respective heirs, executors, administrators, successors and assigns; provided that, except for the assignment by a Subscriber who is acting as nominee or agent to the beneficial owner and as otherwise herein provided, this Agreement shall not be assignable by any party without prior written consent of the other parties. 
 
 6.7 The Subscriber, on his/her/its own behalf and, if applicable, on behalf of others for whom he/she/it is contracting hereunder, agrees that this subscription is made for valuable consideration and may not be withdrawn, cancelled, terminated or revoked by the Subscriber, on his/her/its own behalf and, if applicable, on behalf of others for whom he/she/it is contracting hereunder. 
 
 6.8 Neither this Agreement nor any provision hereof shall be modified, changed, discharged or terminated except by an instrument in writing signed by the party against whom any waiver, change, discharge or termination is sought. 
 
 6.9 The invalidity, illegality or unenforceability of any provision of this Agreement shall not affect the validity, legality or enforceability of any other provision hereof. 
 
 6.10 The headings used in this Agreement have been inserted for convenience of reference only and shall not affect the meaning or interpretation of this Agreement or any provision hereof. 
 
 6.11 Notwithstanding the place where this Agreement may be executed by any of the parties hereto, the parties expressly agree that all the terms and provisions hereof shall be construed in accordance with and governed by the laws of the Province of British Columbia. 
 
 -- THE REMAINDER OF THIS PAGE IS INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK -- 
 
 6.12 This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, all of which will be considered one and the same agreement and will become effective when one or more counterparts have been signed by each party and delivered to the other party, it being understood that all parties need not sign the same counterpart. 
 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, this Agreement is executed as of the day and year first written above. 
 
 NUMBER OF SHARES SUBSCRIBED FOR: 
 
 6,458,333 Shares 

INDIVIDUAL SUBSCRIBER : 

Signature of Subscriber: 
 /s/ Lim Hun Beng 

Name of Subscriber: 
 LIM HUN BENG 

Address of Subscriber: 
 No 21, Denai Endau 3,Seri Tanjung Pinang, 

10470 Tanjung Tokong, Penang, Malaysia 

Telephone Number of Subscriber: 
 +6013 395 3159 

E-mail Address of Subscriber: 
 joelimhb@gmail.com 

CORPORATE SUBSCRIBER : 

Signature of Authorized Signatory: 

Name of Subscriber: 

Name and Title of Authorized Signatory: 

Address of Subscriber: 

Jurisdiction of Incorporation of Subscriber: 

Telephone Number of Subscriber: 

E-mail Address of Subscriber: 

ACCEPTED BY: 

DUESENBERG TECHNOLOGIES LTD. 

Signature Of Authorized Signatory: 
 /s/ Liong Fook Weng 

Name of Authorized Signatory: 
 LIONG FOOK WENG 

Position of Authorized Signatory: 
 EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR / CFO 

Date of Acceptance: 
 23 rd August 2022 

ALL INVESTORS MUST COMPLETE EITHER SCHEDULE B (AND APPENDIX I) OR SCHEDULE C 
 ALL NON-US AND NON-CANADIAN INVESTORS MUST COMPLETE SCHEDULE D 
 
 SCHEDULE A 
 
 Definition of a US Person 

Subscribers may not be a US Person as that term is defined in Regulation S of the Securities Act, and may not be acquiring the securities offered for the account or benefit of a US Person. Rule 902 of Regulation S of the Securities Act defines a US Person as: 
 
 1. Any natural person resident in the United States; 
 
 2. Any partnership or corporation organized or incorporated under the laws of the United States; 
 
 3. Any estate of which any executor or administrator is a U.S. person; 
 
 4. Any trust of which any trustee is a U.S. person; 
 
 5. Any agency or branch of a foreign entity located in the United States; 
 
 6. Any non-discretionary account or similar account (other than an estate or trust) held by a dealer or other fiduciary organized, incorporate, or (if an individual) resident in the United States; and 
 
 7. Any partnership or corporation if: 
 
 (a) Organized or incorporated under the laws of any foreign jurisdiction; and 
 
 (b) Formed by a U.S. person principally for the purpose of investing in securities not registered under the Securities Act, unless it is organized or incorporated, and owned, by accredited investors (as defined in Rule 501(a) promulgated under the Securities Act) who are not natural persons, estates or trusts . 
 
 SCHEDULE B 
 
 Canadian Accredited Investor Certificate 
 (For Subscribers who qualify as a Canadian accredited investor) 
 
 The Subscriber represents and warrants to Duesenberg Technologies Ltd. (the Company that the Subscriber has read the following definition of an accredited investor from National Instrument 45-106 - Prospectus and Registration Exemptions and certifies that the Subscriber is an accredited investor by virtue of falling into one or more of the categories below (please initial the appropriate box below): 
 
 (Initials) 

(a) 
 
 a Canadian financial institution, or a Schedule III bank. 

(b) 
 
 the Business Development Bank of Canada incorporated under the Business Development Bank of Canada Act (Canada). 

(c) 
 
 a subsidiary of any person referred to in paragraphs (a) or (b), if the person owns all of the voting securities of the subsidiary, except the voting securities required by law to be owned by directors of that subsidiary. 

(d) 
 
 a person registered under the securities legislation of a jurisdiction of Canada, as an adviser or dealer, other than a person registered solely as a limited market dealer under one or both of the Securities Act (Ontario) or the Securities Act (Newfoundland and Labrador). 

(e) 
 
 an individual registered or formerly registered under the securities legislation of a jurisdiction of Canada as a representative of a person or company referred to in paragraph (d). 

(f) 
 
 the government of Canada or a jurisdiction of Canada, or any crown corporation, agency or wholly owned entity of the government of Canada or a jurisdiction of Canada. 

(g) 
 
 a municipality, public board or commission in Canada and a metropolitan community, school board, the Comite de gestion de la taxe scolaire de L ile de Montreal or an intermunicipal management board in Quebec. 

(h) 
 
 any national, federal, state, provincial, territorial or municipal government of or in any 
 foreign jurisdiction, or any agency of that government. 

(i) 
 
 a pension fund that is regulated by either the Office of the Superintendent of Financial Institutions (Canada), a pension commission or similar regulatory authority of a jurisdiction of Canada. 

(j) 
 
 an individual who, either alone or together with a spouse, beneficially owns financial assets (cash and securities) having an aggregate realizable value that, before taxes, but net of any related liabilities, exceeds CDN 1,000,000. 

(k) 
 
 an individual whose net income before taxes exceeded CDN 200,000 in each of the two most recent calendar years or whose net income before taxes combined with that of a spouse exceeded CDN 300,000 in each of the two most recent calendar years and who, in either case, reasonably expects to exceed that net income level in the current year. 

(l) 
 
 an individual who, either alone or with a spouse, has net assets of at least CDN 5,000,000. 

(m) 
 
 a person, other than an individual or investment fund, that has net assets of at least CDN 5,000,000. 

(n) 
 an investment fund that distributes or has distributed its securities only to: 
 (i) a person that is or was an accredited investor at the time of the distribution; 
 (ii) a person that acquires or acquired securities in the circumstances referred to in sections 2.10 of NI 45-106 [ Minimum Amount Investment ], and 2.19 of NI 45-106 [ Additional Investment in Mutual Funds ], or 
 (iii) a person described in paragraph (i) or (ii) that acquires or acquired securities under section 2.18 of NI 45-106 [ Investment Fund Reinvestmen t]. 

(o) 
 
 an investment fund that distributes or has distributed securities under a prospectus in a jurisdiction of Canada for which the regulator or, in the case of Quebec, the securities regulatory authority, has issued a receipt. 

(p) 
 
 a trust company or trust corporation registered or authorized to carry on business under the Trust and Loan Companies Act (Canada) or under comparable legislation in a jurisdiction of Canada or a foreign jurisdiction, acting on behalf of a fully managed account managed by the trust company or trust corporation, as the case may be. 

(q) 
 
 a person acting on behalf of a fully managed account managed by that person, if that person: 
 (i) is registered or authorized to carry on business as an adviser or the equivalent under the securities legislation of a jurisdiction of Canada or a foreign jurisdiction, and 
 (ii) in Ontario, is purchasing a security that is not a security of an investment fund. 

(r) 
 
 a registered charity under the Income Tax Act (Canada) that, in regard to the trade, has obtained advice from an eligibility adviser or an adviser registered under the securities legislation of the jurisdiction of the registered charity to give advice on the securities being traded. 

(s) 
 
 an entity organized in a foreign jurisdiction that is analogous to any of the entities referred to in paragraphs (a) through (d) and (i) in form and function. 

(t) 
 
 a person in respect of which all of the owners of interests, direct or indirect or beneficial, except the voting securities required by law to be owned by directors, are persons or companies that are accredited investors. 

(u) 
 
 an investment fund that is advised by a person registered as an adviser or a person that is exempt from registration as an adviser. 

(v) 
 
 a person that is recognized or designated by the securities regulatory authority or, except in Ontario and Quebec, the regulator as an accredited investor. 

The representations and warranties made in this certificate are true and accurate as of the date of this certificate and will be true and accurate as of the date of closing of the transaction contemplated by this Agreement. If any such representations and warranties becomes untrue or inaccurate prior to the closing, the undersigned Subscriber will give the Company immediate written notice. 
 
 The Subscriber acknowledges that the Company will be relying on this certificate in connection with the Agreement. The statements made in this certificate are true. 
 
 23 rd August 
 Dated _________________________, 2022. 
 
 Signature of Subscriber: 
 /s/ Lim Hun Beng 

Name of Subscriber: 
 
 LIM HUN BENG 

Authorized Signatory of Subscriber 
 (if Corporate Subscriber): 

Address of Subscriber: 

INVESTORS MUST ALSO COMPLETE APPENDIX I TO THIS SCHEDULE 
 
 APPENDIX I TO SCHEDULE B 
 
 RISK ACKNOWLEDGEMENT FORM 
 
 Form 45-106F9 
 Form for Individual Accredited Investors 

WARNING! 
 This investment is risky. Don t invest unless you can afford to lose all the money you pay for this investment. 

SECTION 1 TO BE COMPLETED BY THE ISSUER OR SELLING SECURITY HOLDER 
 
 1. About your investment 
 
 Type of securities: Common Shares 
 Issuer: Duesenberg Technologies Ltd. 
 
 Purchased from: [Instruction: Indicate whether securities are purchased from the issuer or a selling security holder.] 

SECTIONS 2 TO 4 TO BE COMPLETED BY THE PURCHASER 
 
 2. Risk acknowledgement 

This investment is risky. Initial that you understand that: 
 RM 3,410,000.00 
 Your initials 
 
 Risk of loss You could lose your entire investment of ___________ . [ Instruction: Insert the total dollar amount of the investment.] 

Liquidity risk You may not be able to sell your investment quickly or at all. 

Lack of information You may receive little or no information about your investment. 

Lack of advice You will not receive advice from the salesperson about whether this investment is suitable for you unless the salesperson is registered. The salesperson is the person who meets with, or provides information to, you about making this investment. To check whether the salesperson is registered, go to www.aretheyregistered.ca . 

3. Accredited investor status 
 
 You must meet at least one of the following criteria to be able to make this investment. Initial the statement that applies to you. (You may initial more than one statement.) The person identified in section 6 is responsible for ensuring that you meet the definition of accredited investor. That person, or the salesperson identified in section 5, can help you if you have questions about whether you meet these criteria. 
 Your initials 
 
 Your net income before taxes was more than 200,000 in each of the 2 most recent calendar years, and you expect it to be more than 200,000 in the current calendar year. (You can find your net income before taxes on your personal income tax return.) 

Your net income before taxes combined with your spouse s was more than 300,000 in each of the 2 most recent calendar years, and you expect your combined net income before taxes to be more than 300,000 in the current calendar year. 

Either alone or with your spouse, you own more than 1 million in cash and securities, after subtracting any debt related to the cash and securities. 

Either alone or with your spouse, you have net assets worth more than 5 million. (Your net assets are your total assets (including real estate) minus your total debt. 

4. Your name and signature 
 
 By signing this form, you confirm that you have read this form and you understand the risks of making this investment as identified in this form. 
 
 First and last name (please print) : 
 LIM HUN BENG 
 
 Signature: /s/ Lim Hun Beng 
 Date: 
 23 rd August 2022 
 
 SECTION 5 TO BE COMPLETED BY THE SALESPERSON 
 
 5. Salesperson information 
 
 [Instruction: The salesperson is the person who meets with, or provides information to, the purchaser with respect to making this investment. That could include a representative of the issuer or selling security holder, a registrant or a person who is exempt from the registration requirement.] 
 
 First and last name of salesperson (please print): 
 
 Telephone: 
 Email: 
 
 Name of firm (if registered): 
 
 SECTION 6 TO BE COMPLETED BY THE ISSUER OR SELLING SECURITY HOLDER 
 
 6. For more information about this investment 
 
 For investment in a non-investment fund 
 
 Duesenberg Technologies Inc.. 
 No 21, Denai Endau 3,Seri Tanjung Pinang, 
 10470 Tanjung Tokong, 
 Penang, Malaysia 
 Tel: 236 304-0299 
 Email: contactus@duesenbergtech.com 
 Website: www.duesenbergtech.com 
 
 For more information about prospectus exemptions, contact your local securities regulator. You can find contact information at www.securities-administrators.ca . 

Form instructions : 
 
 1. This form does not mandate the use of a specific font size or style but the font must be legible. 
 
 2. The information in sections 1, 5 and 6 must be completed before the purchaser completes and signs the form. 
 
 3. The purchaser must sign this form. Each of the purchaser and the issuer or selling security holder must receive a copy of this form signed by the purchaser. The issuer or selling security holder is required to keep a copy of this form for 8 years after the distribution. 

SCHEDULE C 
 
 Canadian Confirmation Of Relationship Certificate except Ontario Residents 
 
 (For Subscribers that are NOT Canadian accredited investors but ARE a director, executive officer, control person or founder of the Company or a close personal friend, close business associate, spouse, parent, grandparent, sibling or child (or a parent, grandparent, sibling or child of a spouse) of a director, executive officer, control person or founder of the Company and are not a resident of Ontario and Saskatchewan) 
 
 The Subscriber represents and warrants to Duesenberg Technologies Inc. (the Company that the Subscriber has read the following definitions from National Instrument 45-106 Prospectus and Registration Exemptions and certifies that the Subscriber has the relationship(s) to the Company or its directors, executive officers, control persons or founders by virtue of the Subscriber falling into one or more of the categories below (please initial the appropriate box below): 

(a) 
 a director, executive officer, founder or control person of the Company. 

(b) 
 a spouse, parent, grandparent, brother, sister or child of a director, executive officer, founder or control person of the Company. 

(c) 
 
 a parent, grandparent, brother, sister or child of the spouse of a director, executive officer, founder or control person of the Company. 

(d) 
 
 a close personal friend of a director, executive officer, founder or control person of the Company. 

(e) 
 
 a close business associate of a director, executive officer, founder or control person of the Company. 

(f) 
 
 a person or company of which a majority of the voting securities are beneficially owned by or a majority of the directors are persons or companies described in subparagraphs (a) to (e) above. 

(g) 
 
 a trust or estate of which all of the beneficiaries or a majority of the trustees are persons or companies described in subparagraphs (a) to (e) above. 

For the purposes of this certificate: 
 
 (A) close business associate means an individual who has had sufficient prior business dealings with the director, senior officer, founder or control person to be in a position to assess the capabilities and trustworthiness of the director, senior officer, founder or control person. 
 
 A casual business associate or a person introduced or solicited for the purpose of purchasing securities is not a close business associate. 
 
 An individual is not a close business associate solely because the individual is a client, customer, or former client or customer. For example, an individual is not a close business associate of a registrant or former registrant solely because the individual is a client or former client of that registrant or former registrant. 
 
 The relationship between the Subscriber and the director, senior officer, founder or control person must be direct. For example, the exemption is not available for a close business associate of a close business associate of a director, senior officer, founder or control person. 
 
 (B) close personal friend means an individual who has known the director, senior officer, founder or control person well enough and for a sufficient period of time to be in a position to assess the capabilities and trustworthiness of the director, senior officer, founder or control person. The term close personal friend can include family members not already listed in the exemption if the family member is in a position to assess the capabilities and trustworthiness of the director, senior officer, founder or control person. 
 
 An individual is not a close personal friend solely because the individual is a relative or a member of the same organization, association or religious group. An individual is not a close personal friend solely because the individual is a client, customer, or former client or customer. For example, an individual is not a close personal friend of a registrant or former registrant simply because the individual is a client or former client of that registrant or former registrant. 
 
 The relationship between the Subscriber and the director, senior officer, founder or control person must be direct. For example, the exemption is not available for a close personal friend of a close personal friend of the director, senior officer, founder or control person. 
 
 The representations and warranties made in this certificate are true and accurate as of the date of this certificate and will be true and accurate as of the date of closing of the transaction contemplated by this Agreement. If any such representations and warranties becomes untrue or inaccurate prior to the closing, the undersigned subscriber will give the Company immediate written notice. 
 
 The Subscriber acknowledges that the Company will be relying on this certificate in connection with the Agreement. The statements made in this certificate are true. 
 
 23 rd August 
 Dated _________________________, 2022. 
 
 Signature of Subscriber: 
 /s/ Lim Hun Beng 

Name of Subscriber: 
 
 LIM HUN BENG 

Authorized Signatory of Subscriber (if Corporate Subscriber): 

Address of Subscriber: 

SCHEDULE D 
 
 CERTIFICATE - PURCHASER NOT RESIDENT IN CANADA OR UNITED STATES 
 TO: Duesenberg Technologies Inc. (the Company 
 
 In connection with the purchase by the undersigned (the Subscriber of common shares (the Shares of the Company, the Subscriber hereby represents, warrants and certifies to the Company that: 
 
 (1) the Subscriber (and if the undersigned is acting as agent for a disclosed principal, such disclosed principal) is not resident in Canada or subject to applicable Canadian securities laws; 
 
 (2) the Subscriber acknowledges that; 
 
 a. no securities commission or similar regulatory authority has reviewed or passed on the merits of the Shares; 
 
 b. there is no government or other insurance covering the Shares; 
 
 c. there are risks associated with the purchase of the Shares; 
 
 d. there are restrictions on the Subscriber s ability to resell the Shares and it is the responsibility of the Subscriber to find out what those restrictions are and to comply with them before selling the Shares; 
 
 e. the Company has advised the Subscriber that the issuer is relying on an exemption from the requirements to provide the Subscriber with a prospectus and to sell Shares through a person registered to sell securities under the Securities Act and, as a consequence of acquiring securities pursuant to this exemption, certain protections, rights and remedies provided by the Securities Act, including statutory rights of rescission or damages, will not be available to the Subscriber; 
 
 (3) the Subscriber is knowledgeable of, or has been independently advised as to, the applicable securities laws of the Subscriber s country of residence and domicile which would apply to the purchase of the Shares by the Subscriber; 
 
 (4) the issuance of Shares to the Subscriber (or its disclosed principal, if any) may be effected by the Company without the necessity of the filing of any document with or obtaining any approval from or effecting any registration with any governmental entity or similar regulatory authority having jurisdiction over the Subscriber (or its disclosed principal, if any) and will not cause the Company to become subject to or comply with any disclosure, prospectus or reporting requirements under any applicable laws in the Subscriber s jurisdiction of residence or domicile; 
 
 (5) the delivery of this Agreement, the acceptance of it by the Company, the issuance of the Shares, the purchase of the Shares by the Subscriber, and the Subscriber (and if the Subscriber is acting as agent for a disclosed principal, such disclosed principal) is in compliance with the requirements of all applicable laws in the jurisdiction of its residence or domicile; and 
 
 (6) the Subscriber will provide such evidence of compliance with all such matters as the Company or its counsel may request. 
 
 The Subscriber acknowledges that the Company may be required to file with the British Columbia Securities Commission a report regarding the trade. The Subscriber acknowledges that such report may require the Company to disclose the Subscriber s name and address, the number of securities the Subscriber purchased and the purchase price for such securities. The Subscriber consents to the disclosure of such information and acknowledges that such information is made available to the public under securities legislation of British Columbia. 
 
 By completing this certificate, the Subscriber acknowledges that the addressees above are relying on this certificate to determine the Subscriber s suitability as a purchaser of securities of the Company. The Subscriber agrees that 
 
 the representations, covenants and certifications contained in this certificate shall survive any issuance of securities of the Company to the Subscriber. 
 
 23 rd August 
 Dated _________________________, 2022. 
 
 Signature of Subscriber: 
 /s/ Lim Hun Beng 

Name of Subscriber: 
 
 LIM HUN BENG 

Authorized Signatory of Subscriber 
 (if Corporate Subscriber): 

Address of Subscriber: 

</EX-10.27>

<EX-10.28>
 3
 dusyf_ex1028.htm
 AT-WILL CONTRACT FOR SERVICES

At-Will Contract for Services 

AT-WILL CONTRACT FOR SERVICES 
 AGREEMENT 
 
 BETWEEN 
 
 DUESENBERG INC. 

AND 

BRENDAN SCOTT NORMAN 
 (PASSPORT No: REDACTED) 

Agreement No: DINC/CFS/BSN/CSOXX/V220901/1 

AT-WILL CONTRACT FOR SERVICES AGREEMENT 
 
 This At-Will Contract for Services Agreement (hereinafter referred to as Contract and/or Agreement ). is made and entered into this 1 st da y of December 202 2 , by and between: Duesenberg Inc. , a Nevada incorporated corporation Company (hereinafter referred to as DINC or the Company ), and Brendan Scott Norman , Australian Passport Number: REDACTED; (hereinafter referred to as BSN ). 
 
 RECITALS 
 DINC is a subsidiary of Duesenberg Technologies Inc., an Incorporated Company in the United States of America in the Automotive Industry. 
 
 BSN has the education and experience needed by DINC in the Automotive Industry. 
 
 In consideration of the mutual promises and covenants set forth herein, and other good and valuable consideration, the sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, DINC and BSN hereby agree as follows: 
 
 1. Position of Contract for Service. 
 
 The Company will appoint BSN in the position of Chief Strategy Officer of DINC and, in that position, BSN will report to the Executive Chairman/President and/or any Directors of DINC. DINC retains the right to change BSN s title, duties, and reporting relationships as may be determined to be in the best interests of the Company; provided, however, that any such change in BSN's duties shall be consistent with BSN s training, experience, and qualifications. 
 
 The terms and conditions of the BSN s Contract shall, to the extent not addressed or described in this Contract Agreement, be governed by DINC's Policies and Procedures Manual and existing practices. In the event of a conflict between this Contract Agreement and the Policies and Procedures Manual or existing practices, the terms of this Agreement shall govern. 
 
 2. Term of Contract. 
 
 BSN s Contract with DINC shall begin on 1 st December, 2022 , and shall continue until the termination or renewal of this agreement, after which time continued Contract shall be on an at will basis, unless: 
 
 2.1. BSN s Contract is terminated by either party in accordance with the terms of Section 5 of this Contract Agreement; or 
 
 2.2. Such term of Contract is extended or shortened by a subsequent agreement duly executed by each of the parties to this Contract Agreement, in which case such Contract shall be subject to the terms and conditions contained in the subsequent written agreement. 
 Page 2 of 12 

3. Compensation and Benefits. 
 
 3.1. Remuneration. 
 BSN shall be paid a monthly Fee of USD5,000.00 (United State Dollars: Five Thousand Only). BSN shall be liable to declare its own taxation or any other s statutory declaration to the relevant local authorities or any applicable federal laws. 
 
 Any increases in BSN s Remuneration for years beyond the first year of BSN s Contract shall be in the sole discretion of DINC and/or Board of Director s approval, and nothing herein shall be deemed to require any such increase. 
 
 3.2. Incentive and Deferred Compensation. 
 Nothing in this Contract Agreement shall be deemed to require the payment of bonuses, awards, or incentive compensation to BSN if such payment would not otherwise be required under the terms of DINC's incentive compensation programs. 

4. Duties and Performance. 
 
 The BSN acknowledges and agrees that he is being offered a position of Chief Strategy Officer by the Company with the understanding that the BSN possesses a unique set of skills, abilities, and experiences which will benefit the Company, and he agrees that his continued Contract with the Company, whether during the term of this Contract Agreement or thereafter, is contingent upon his successful performance of his duties in his position as noted above, or in such other position to which he may be assigned. 
 
 4.1. General Duties. 
 4.1.1. BSN shall render to the very best of BSN s ability, on behalf of the Company, services to and on behalf of the Company, and shall undertake diligently all duties assigned to him by the Company. 
 
 4.1.2. BSN shall devote his full time, energy and skill to the performance of the services in which the Company is engaged, at such time and place as the Company may direct. BSN shall not undertake, either as an owner, director, shareholder, BSN or otherwise, the performance of services for compensation (actual or expected) for any other entity without the express written concert of the Management or the Board of Directors. 
 
 4.1.3. BSN shall faithfully and industriously assume and perform with skill, care, diligence and attention all responsibilities and duties connected with his Contract on behalf of the Company. 
 
 4.1.4. BSN shall have no authority to enter into any contracts binding upon the Company, or to deliberately create any obligations on the part of the Company, except as may be specifically authorized by the Company or Board of Directors of DINC. 
 
 4.2. Specific Duties. [Describe specific duties of BSN or reference job description appended as attachment to the agreement]. 
 Page 3 of 12 

5. Termination of Contract. 
 
 BSN s Contract with the Company may be terminated, prior to the expiration of the Reelection term during the Annual Shareholder s meeting of this Agreement, in accordance with any of the following provisions: 
 
 5.1. Termination by BSN. 
 The BSN may terminate his Contract at any time during the course of this agreement by giving one (1) months notice in writing to DINC. During the notice period, BSN must fulfill all his duties and responsibilities set forth above and use his best efforts to train and support his replacement, if any. Failure to comply with this requirement may result in Termination for Cause described below, but otherwise BSN s remuneration and benefits will remain unchanged during the notification period. 
 
 5.2. Termination by the Company Without Cause. 
 DINC may terminate BSN s Contract at any time during the course of this agreement by giving one (1) months notice in writing to the BSN. During the notice period, BSN must fulfill all of BSN s duties and responsibilities set forth above and use BSN s best efforts to train and support BSN s replacement, if any. Failure of BSN to comply with this requirement may result in Termination for Cause described below, but otherwise BSN s remuneration and benefits will remain unchanged during the notification period. DINC, may, in its sole discretion, give BSN severance pay in the amount of the remaining notice period in lieu of actual Contract, and nothing herein shall require Company to maintain BSN in active Contract for the duration of the notice period. 
 
 5.3. Termination by the Company For Cause. 
 The Company may, at any time and without notice, terminate the BSN for cause . Termination by the Company of the BSN for cause shall include but not be limited to termination based on any of the following grounds: (a) failure to perform the duties of the BSN s position in a satisfactory manner; (b) fraud, misappropriation, embezzlement or acts of similar dishonesty; (c) conviction of a felony involving moral turpitude; (d) illegal use of drugs or excessive use of alcohol in the workplace; (e) intentional and willful misconduct that may subject the Company to criminal or civil liability; (f) breach of the BSN s duty of loyalty, including the diversion or usurpation of corporate opportunities properly belonging to the Company; (g) willful disregard of Company policies and procedures; (h) breach of any of the material terms of this Agreement; and (i) insubordination or deliberate refusal to follow the instructions of the DINC. 
 
 5.4. Termination By Death or Disability. 
 The BSN s Contract and rights to compensation under this Contract Agreement shall terminate if the BSN is unable to perform the duties of his position due to death or disability lasting more than 30 days, and the BSN s heirs, beneficiaries, successors, or assigns shall not be entitled to any of the compensation or benefits to which BSN is entitled under this Agreement, except: (a) to the extent specifically provided in this Contract Agreement (b) to the extent required by law; or (c) to the extent that such benefit plans or policies under which BSN is covered provide a benefit to the BSN s heirs, beneficiaries, successors, or assigns. 
 Page 4 of 12 

6. Confidentiality. 
 
 BSN agrees that at all times during BSN s Contract and following the conclusion of this Contract, whether voluntary or involuntary, BSN will hold in strictest confidence and not disclose Confidential Information (as defined below) to anyone who is not also an Executive of the Company or to any Executive of the Company who does not also have access to such Confidential Information, without express written authorization of the President of the Company. BSN are required to sign the Secrecy Agreement as per the Appendix A. 

6.1. Confidential Information shall mean any trade secrets or Company proprietary information, including but not limited to manufacturing techniques, processes, formulas, customer lists, inventions, experimental developments, research projects, operating methods, cost, pricing, financial data, business plans and proposals, data and information the Company receives in confidence from any other party, or any other secret or confidential matters of the Company. Additionally, BSN will not use any Confidential Information for BSN s own benefit or to the detriment of the Company during BSN s Contract or thereafter. BSN also certifies that Contract with the Company does not and will not breach any agreement or duty that BSN has to anyone concerning confidential information belonging to others. 
 
 6.2. Immunity from Liability for Confidential Disclosure of a Trade Secret to the Government or in a Court Filing: (1) Immunity An individual shall not be held criminally or civilly liable under any federal or state trade secret law for the disclosure of a trade secret that (A) is made (i) in confidence to a federal, state or local government official, either directly or indirectly, or to an attorney; and (ii) solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of law; or (B) is made in a complaint or other document filed in a lawsuit or other proceeding, if such filing is made under seal. (2) Use of Trade Secret Information in Anti-Retaliation Lawsuit An individual who files a lawsuit for retaliation by an employer for reporting a suspected violation of law may disclose the trade secret to the attorney of the individual and use the trade secret information in the court proceeding, if the individual (A) files any document containing the trade secret under seal; and (B) does not disclose the trade secret, except pursuant to court order. 
 
 7. Noncompetition. 
 To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, the terms of the Noncompetition Agreement executed by the BSN are incorporated by reference into this Contract Agreement and are made a part hereto as if they appeared in this Contract Agreement itself. 
 
 8. Expenses. 
 The Company shall pay or reimburse BSN for any expenses reasonably incurred by him in furtherance of his duties hereunder, including expenses for entertainment, travel, meals and hotel accommodations, upon submission by him of vouchers or receipts maintained and provided to the Company in compliance with such rules and policies relating thereto as the Company may from time to time adopt. 
 Page 5 of 12 

9. Intellectual Property 
 
 BSN recognizes and agrees that all copyrights, trademarks, patents, and other intellectual property rights to works or marks arising in, from or in connection with BSN 's Contract by Company, and that are within the scope of BSN 's contract by Company, are the sole and exclusive property of Company. BSN agrees not to assert any such rights against Company or any third party. BSN agrees to assign, and hereby does assign, to Company all rights, if any, in or to such works or marks that may accrue to the BSN during the term of this Agreement. 
 
 10. Agreement Not to Solicit Employees 
 During the term of this Agreement and for a period of twelve (12) months immediately following the termination of this Agreement, BSN shall not, either directly or indirectly, on his own behalf or in the service or on behalf of others, solicit or recruit (or attempt to solicit or recruit) any person employed by Company to or for any business, organization, program, or activity that competes with any program, activity or operation of Company. 
 
 11. Agreement Not to Compete 
 During the term of BSN 's Contract under this Agreement and for a period of twelve (12) months immediately following the termination of this Agreement, BSN shall not (except on behalf of or with the prior written consent of Company), either directly or indirectly, perform the same or substantially the same services that Executive performed for Company, whether as an employee or in any other capacity, on behalf of any trade or professional association, franchise company, nonprofit organization or business, which has the same or substantially the same membership or purposes as Company. 
 
 12. Injunctive Relief 
 BSN acknowledges that BSN s breach of the covenants contained in this Agreement (collectively Covenants would cause irreparable injury to Company and agrees that in the event of any such breach, Company shall be entitled to seek temporary, and preliminary injunctive relief pursuant to the Nevada Arbitration Act, without the necessity of proving actual damages or posting any bond or other security. 
 
 13. Tax 
 The parties hereto shall be individually and severally liable for its own income tax and/or other statutory authorities incurred in this Agreement and shall indemnify the other party against any costs, damages, compensation or otherwise suffered by it as a result of any claim or suit for income tax and/or other statutory payment incurred in this Agreement. 
 
 14. General Provisions. 
 
 14.1. Notices. 
 All notices and other communications required or permitted by this Agreement to be delivered by DINC or BSN to the other party shall be delivered in writing to the address shown below, either personally, by email, by facsimile transmission or by registered, certified or express mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, to the address for such party specified below or to such other address as the party may from time to time advise the other party, and shall be deemed given and received as of actual personal delivery, on the first business day after the date of delivery shown on any such facsimile transmission or upon the date or actual receipt shown on any return receipt if registered, certified or express mail is used, as the case may be. 
 Page 6 of 12 
 
 DINC: Duesenberg Inc. No 21, Denai Endau 3, 
 Seri Tanjung Pinang, 
 10470 Tanjung Tokong, 
 Penang, Malaysia 
 [Attention: Executive Chairman/President] 
 Email: joelim@duesenbergtech.com BSN: Brendan Scott Norman 
 No 5, The Residence Mont Kiara, 
 Mont Kiara, 
 Kuala Lumpur 50480 
 Malaysia 
 Email: brendan.norman@hush.com 

14.2. Amendments and Termination; Entire Agreement. 
 This Agreement may not be amended or terminated except by a writing executed by all of the parties hereto. This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement of DINC and BSN relating to the subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior oral and written understandings and agreements relating to such subject matter. 
 
 14.3. Successors and Assigns. 
 The rights and obligations of the parties hereunder are not assignable to another person without prior written consent; provided, however, that DINC, without obtaining BSN s consent, may assign its rights and obligations hereunder to a wholly-owned subsidiary and provided further that any post-Contract restrictions shall be assignable by DINC to any entity which purchases all or substantially all of the Company's shares/assets. 
 
 14.4. Severability; Provisions Subject to Applicable Law. 
 All provisions of this Agreement shall be applicable only to the extent that they do not violate any applicable law, and are intended to be limited to the extent necessary so that they will not render this Agreement invalid, illegal or unenforceable under any applicable law. If any provision of this Agreement or any application thereof shall be held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, the validity, legality and enforceability of other provisions of this Agreement or of any other application of such provision shall in no way be affected thereby. 
 
 14.5. Waiver of Rights. 
 No waiver by DINC or BSN of a right or remedy hereunder shall be deemed to be a waiver of any other right or remedy or of any subsequent right or remedy of the same kind. 
 
 14.6. Definitions; Headings; and Number. 
 A term defined in any part of this Contract Agreement shall have the defined meaning wherever such term is used herein. The headings contained in this Agreement are for reference purposes only and shall not affect in any manner the meaning or interpretation of this Contract Agreement. Where appropriate to the context of this Agreement, use of the singular shall be deemed also to refer to the plural, and use of the plural to the singular. 
 Page 7 of 12 
 
 14.7. Counterparts. 
 This Agreement may be executed in separate counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original but both of which taken together shall constitute but one and the same instrument. 
 
 14.8. Governing Laws and Forum. 
 This Agreement shall be governed by, construed, and enforced in accordance with the laws of Malaysia. The parties hereto further agree that any action brought to enforce any right or obligation under this Agreement shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of Malaysia. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF , the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be executed as of the date first above written. 

Signed by:) 
 
 BRENDAN SCOTT NORMAN 
 PASSPORT NO: REDACTED 

For and on behalf of) 
 
 DUESENBERG INC.) 

Signed by:) 
 
 LIM HUN BENG) 
 
 EXECUTIVE CHAIRMAN) 

Page 8 of 12 

APPENDIX A 
 SECRECY AGREEMENT 
 
 This Agreement is entered between, Duesenberg Inc. a Nevada incorporated company incorporated in United States of America addressed at 401 Ryland St STE 200-A, Reno, NV 89502, USA (hereinafter referred to as the Company of the one part 
 
 and 
 
 Brendan Scott Norman 
 Australian Passport Number: REDACTED 
 No 5, The Residence Mont Kiara, 
 Mont Kiara, 
 Kuala Lumpur 50480 
 Malaysia 
 Email: brendan.norman@hush.com 
 (Hereinafter referred to as You of the other part. 

(1) Definitions and Interpretation 
 
 In this Agreement, the following terms shall have the following meanings: 
 
 Agreement shall means this formal agreement including all appendices annexed hereto (as amended from time to time). 
 
 Affiliate shall means any corporation, association or other entity which is controlled, directly or indirectly, by the respective Party, where control means the possession of the power to direct the management and policies of the controlled party through the majority of common stock and/or voting rights and/or by contract or otherwise. 
 
 Business means the promotion, sale, design, development, manufacturing, concept, services, inventions, intellectual property, management, etc., and all matters related thereto. 
 
 Confidential Information (a) Shall include but not limited to all information and documents related to trademarks, trade name, service marks, service names, logos, emblems, slogans, industrial designs, patents, copyrights, trade secrets and inclusive of in the form of photographs, video and/or CD filming, digital images, drawings, designs, CAD data, financial, economics, commercial and strategic reports, corporate and product information and other information and all copies, reproductions, reprints and translations thereof, marked as classified supplied and owned by Disclosing Party to the Receiving Party in connection with and in the course of the business. 
 Page 9 of 12 

(b) Shall include information and material demonstrated and furnished verbally or in any other mode regardless of whether these have been explicitly or tacitly identified as being secret or confidential shall in any case be deemed to be Confidential Information in the sense of this Agreement. 
 
 (c) Shall include all of the above information disclosed in connection with the business whether before and after the date of this Agreement. 
 
 Disclosing Party shall means the party disclosing the Confidential Information. 

Contract This includes but not limited to full and/or part time employment, contract employment and/or services, consultant / advisor, persons under training program, etc. 
 
 Specified Persons shall means either party s families, employees, officers, directors, advisors, consultants, agents, contractors, sub-contractors, representatives, or dealers. 
 
 Information Technical and non-technical information, specifications, drawings, data, inter-memo, discussions, etc. in any format which includes but not limited to hard copies, soft copies, electronic, information gained verbally or visual observation. 
 
 Related companies Includes companies that are directly and indirectly related with Duesenberg Inc. and/or the companies either by shares, common directors or licensed agreement and/or also includes directly or indirectly a subsidiaries or associates companies. 
 
 Receiving Party shall means the party receiving the Confidential Information 

(2) Words applicable to natural persons include any body of persons, company, corporation, firm or partnership corporate or incorporate and vice versa. It shall also include such person s heirs, personal representatives, successor-in-title, and permitted assigns. All references to a company shall include such company s successor-in-title and permitted assigns . Words importing the masculine gender shall include the feminine and neuter genders and vice versa. Words importing the singular number shall include the plural number and vice versa. 
 
 (3) Where two or more persons or parties are included or comprised in any expressions, agreements, covenants, terms, stipulations and undertakings expressed to be made by or on the part of such persons or parties be deemed to be made by and be binding upon such persons or parties jointly and severally. 
 Page 10 of 12 
 
 You will undertake to observe and maintain the full patent and confidentiality rights of Duesenberg Inc. and /or any of its related companies and the entire Duesenberg Inc.range of products, equipment s, clients and suppliers or any past or future products/clients and will not retain by hard copy, soft copy or email or disclose or use any information and/or material pertaining to or regarding Duesenberg Inc. or its products or services in any way, shape or form except as may be required in the strict discharge and in compliance of your role during your employment with the company. 
 
 The confidentiality obligations under this Agreement shall remain binding beyond the termination of your employment and shall remain effective until such knowledge becomes generally available in the public domain. In the event that this company ceases operation for whatever reason, this Agreement shall continue to remain binding for Six (6) years from the date of this company s cessation. 
 
 In consideration of the above, you agree to undertake that, without the written consent of this company s Executive Chairman/President, you will not disclose, use, act upon, retain, distribute or do anything whatsoever in relation to such information which could be used for your own or anyone else s benefit, at any time. This also applies to information that is the property of our customers or suppliers. 
 
 Information which is confidential also includes but not limited to: 
 
 Technical information and drawings. 
 All forms of intellectual property including but not limited to trade secrets, inventions, ideas, etc. 
 Sales and distribution lists. 
 Marketing strategies. 
 Suppliers and Vendors sourcing. 
 All forms of retro fitting of products whether modified or not. 
 Costs of services or any related items. 
 Any information relating to any formal, informal and / or professional discussions. 
 Pricing and company policies. 
 Suppliers and customer s files and data. 
 Product samples. 
 Potential clients 
 Mailing lists, Address Books, and Name cards. 
 Scientific, business and/or financial data. 
 Legal documents and information. 
 Designs, sketches, plans, drawings and/or photographs. 
 Whether or not such information is a property of the company s customers or suppliers. 
 
 In the event that you are no longer employed by Duesenberg Inc., you are obligated by this Agreement not to work directly or indirectly with a similar competing business for a period of not less than 3 (three) years unless with the prior written consent from the Executive Chairman/President of this company. 
 
 It is further agreed and understood that you take note hereof, or any party / persons related with you, will not, under any circumstances pass any information relating to the business and/or private affairs of Duesenberg Inc. which includes its management, and /or any of its related companies to any other parties, engage in any form of circumvention, private contact or dealings in any way shape or form with any person or persons. 
 Page 11 of 12 
 
 It is also understood that any information received or provided to you that may affect or involves the interest of this company shall be disclosed by you immediately to the management of this company without delay. The company has the right to take action, legal or otherwise, against you for breaching any part of this Agreement. 
 
 In the event that any of the provision of this agreement shall be held by the Court or any tribunal of competent jurisdiction to be unenforceable, the remaining provisions of this agreement shall remain in full force and effect. 
 
 This Agreement is governed by State of Nevada Law and the parties hereby submit to the jurisdiction of the Nevada court. Both parties agree that the forum for settlement or hearing of any disputes shall be in United States of America unless otherwise specified by this company. 
 
 Acceptance of your agreement and understanding of the above is hereby confirmed by you signing this document. 
 
 For and On Behalf of 
 Duesenberg Inc. 

/s/ Lim Hun Beng 
 LIM HUN BENG 
 Executive Chairman 

_________________________________________________________________________ 

I, B rendan Scott Norman , Australian Passport Number: REDACTED 

Acknowledge that since my first involvement with this company, to date I have not retained, copied or distributed any information in any way, shape or form to any person, company or organization by any means, whether verbal, written, hard copy or electronic, etc as per this entire agreement. 
 
 I understand and agree to abide by the entire contents of this agreement and I also understand that should I fail to abide by this agreement, the company reserves the right to take action, legal or otherwise against me as it deem fit. 

/s/ Brendan Scott Norman 
 Signature 
 Name: Brendan Scott Norman 
 Date: 

Page 12 of 12 

</EX-10.28>

<EX-21.1>
 4
 dusyf_ex211.htm
 LIST OF SIGNIFICANT SUBSIDIARIES

List of Significant Subsidiaries 

LIST OF SIGNIFICANT SUBSIDIARIES, EXHIBIT 21.1 
 
 Subsidiary Name 
 State of Incorporation 
 
 Duesenberg Malaysia Sdn Bhd. 
 Malaysia 
 
 Duesenberg Technologies Evolution Ltd 
 Hong Kong 
 
 Duesenberg Inc. 
 Nevada 
 
 Duesenberg Heritage LLC 
 Nevada 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 dusyf_ex311.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF CEO

Certification of CEO 

Certification pursuant to 
 Rule 13a-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
 I, Lim Hun Beng, certify that: 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Duesenberg Technologies Inc.; 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 February 17, 2023 
 
 /s/ Lim Hun Beng 
 Lim Hun Beng 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer), 
 President 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 6
 dusyf_ex312.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF CFO

Certification of CFO 

Certification pursuant to 
 Rule 13a-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
 I, Liong Fook Weng, certify that: 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Duesenberg Technologies Inc.; 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 February 17, 2023 
 
 /s/ Liong Fook Weng 
 Liong Fook Weng 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 7
 dusyf_ex321.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF CEO

Certification of CEO 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. 1350 
 
 Pursuant to section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (subsection (a) and (b) of Section 1350, Chapter 63 of Title 18, United States Code) I, Lim Hun Beng, Chief Executive Officer of Duesenberg Technologies Inc. (the Company certify that: 
 
 (a) The Annual Report on Form 10-K for the period ended October 31, 2022, of the Company fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 
 (b) Information contained in the Form 10-K fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

February 17, 2023 

/s/ Lim Hun Beng 
 Lim Hun Beng 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer), 
 President 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 8
 dusyf_ex322.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF CFO

Certification of CFO 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. 1350 
 
 Pursuant to section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (subsection (a) and (b) of Section 1350, Chapter 63 of Title 16, United States Code) I, Liong Fook Weng, Chief Financial Officer of Duesenberg Technologies Inc. (the Company certify that: 
 
 (a) The Annual Report on Form 10-K for the period ended October 31, 2022, of the Company fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 
 (b) Information contained in the Form 10-K fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

February 17, 2023 

/s/ Liong Fook Weng 
 Liong Fook Weng 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 dusyf-20221031_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 dusyf-20221031_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 dusyf-20221031_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABELS LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 dusyf-20221031_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-101.SCH>
 13
 dusyf-20221031.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

