<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230331_10-K_edgar_data_1870129_0001140361-23-015464.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>6566398</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>574201</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1157261</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1624635</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1698354</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1248052</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>14</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001140361-23-015464.hdr.sgml : 20230331
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230331172656
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001140361-23-015464
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		63
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230331
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230331

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Rose Hill Acquisition Corp
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001870129
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			E9
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40900
		FILM NUMBER:		23789333

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		981 DAVIS DR NW
		CITY:			ATLANTA
		STATE:			GA
		ZIP:			30327
		BUSINESS PHONE:		404-973-7681

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		981 DAVIS DR NW
		CITY:			ATLANTA
		STATE:			GA
		ZIP:			30327

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001140361-23-015464.txt : 20230331

10-K
 1
 brhc10050517_10k.htm
 10-K

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 

(Mark One)

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

For the fiscal year ended 

OR

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

For the transition period from to

Commission File Number 

(Exact name of Registrant as specified in its Charter)

N/A 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 

(I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

, 

(Address of principal executive offices and zip code)

Registrant s telephone number, including area code: ) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class

Trading

 Symbol(s)

Name of each exchange on which registered

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None

Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. YES NO 

Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Act. YES NO 

Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of
 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. YES NO 

Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of
 Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to submit such files). YES NO 

Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company,
 or an emerging growth company. See the definition of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, and smaller reporting company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.:

Large accelerated filer

Accelerated filer

Smaller reporting company

Emerging growth company

If an emerging growth company, indicate by the check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with
 any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included
 in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation
 received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal
 control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). YES NO 

The Registrant s Units began trading on the Nasdaq Global Market Nasdaq on October 14, 2021 and the Registrant s Class A ordinary shares began
 separate trading on Nasdaq on December 6, 2021. The aggregate market value of the Registrant s Class A ordinary shares outstanding, other than shares held by persons who may be deemed affiliates of the Registrant, at December 31, 2022, was .

As of March 31, 2023 there were 
 Class A ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 per share, and Class B ordinary shares, 0.0001 par value per share, issued and
 outstanding.

Documents Incorporated by Reference: None.

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Page 

CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

1

PART I 

2

Item 1.

Business 

21

Item 1A.

Risk Factors 

59 

Item 1B.

Unresolved Staff Comments 

59

Item 2.

Properties 

59

Item 3.

Legal Proceedings 

59

Item 4.

Mine Safety Disclosures 

59

PART II 

59 

Item 5.

Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

59 

Item 6.

Reserved 

60 

Item 7.

Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

60 

Item 7A.

Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 

65

Item 8.

Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

65

Item 9.

Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 

65

Item 9A.

Controls and Procedures 

65

Item 9B.

Other Information 

66

Item 9C.

Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 

66 

PART III 

67 

Item 10.

Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 

67 

Item 11.

Executive Compensation 

74 

Item 12.

Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 

75 

Item 13.

Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 

75 

Item 14.

Principal Accounting Fees and Services 

77 

PART IV 

78 

Item 15.

Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 

78 

SIGNATURES 

80 

POWERS OF ATTORNEY 

81 

Table of Contents 

Unless otherwise stated in this Annual Report on Form 10-K (this Annual Report ), references to:

we, us, our, Rose Hill, Company, or our company are to Rose Hill Acquisition Corporation, a Cayman Islands exempted company.

Companies Act are to the Companies Act (2023 Revision) of the Cayman Islands as the same may be amended from time to time;

founder shares are to our Class B ordinary shares initially issued to our sponsor in a private placement prior to our initial public offering and the Class A ordinary shares that will be issued upon the automatic conversion of
 the Class B ordinary shares at the time of our initial business combination or earlier at the option of the holders thereof (for the avoidance of doubt, such Class A ordinary shares issued upon conversion of the Class B ordinary
 shares will not be public shares 

initial shareholders are to our sponsor and any other holders of our founder shares (or their permitted transferees);

management or our management team are to our officers and directors;

ordinary shares are to our Class A ordinary shares and our Class B ordinary shares;

private placement warrants are to the warrants issued to our sponsor, Cantor and CCM in a private placement simultaneously with the closing of our initial public offering and upon conversion of working capital loans, if any;

public shares are to our Class A ordinary shares sold as part of the units in our initial public offering (whether they were purchased in our IPO or thereafter in the open market);

public shareholders are to the holders of our public shares, including our sponsor and management team to the extent our sponsor and/or members of our management team purchase public shares, 
 provided that our sponsor s and each member of our management team s status as a public shareholder will only exist with respect to such public shares;

public warrants are to our redeemable warrants sold as part of the units in our initial public offering (whether they were purchased in our initial public offering or thereafter in the open market, including warrants that may
 have been acquired by our sponsor or its affiliates in our initial public offering or thereafter in the open market) and to any private placement warrants issued upon conversion of working capital loans in each case that are sold to
 third parties that are not initial shareholders or executive officers or directors (or permitted transferees) following the consummation of our initial business combination;

sponsor is to Rose Hill Sponsor LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, which is an affiliate of our officers, directors and advisors; and

warrants are to our redeemable warrants, which includes the public warrants as well as the private placement warrants to the extent they are no longer held by the initial shareholders of the placement warrants or their permitted
 transferees.

Table of Contents 

CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS

This Annual Report includes, and oral statements made from time to time by representatives of the Company may include, forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities
 Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). We have based these forward-looking statements on our current expectations and projections about future events. These forward-looking
 statements are subject to known and unknown risks, uncertainties and assumptions about us that may cause our actual results, levels of activity, performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results, levels of activity,
 performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terminology such as may, should, could, would, expect, plan, anticipate, believe, 
 estimate, continue, or the negative of such terms or other similar expressions. Such statements include, but are not limited to, possible business combinations and the financing thereof, and related matters, as well as all other statements
 other than statements of historical fact included in this Annual Report. Factors that might cause or contribute to such a discrepancy include, but are not limited to, those described in our other Securities and Exchange Commission SEC filings.
 Forward-looking statements in this Annual Report include, for example, statements about:

our ability to select an appropriate target business or businesses;

our expectations regarding the Business Combination with Prize (as defined below), including the expected benefits of the business combination and future value creation;

our ability to complete our initial business combination, including the Business Combination with Prize;

the advantages, benefits and growth potential of the Latin American market, including potential customers and the benefits and advantages of acquiring and operating a business in Latin America;

our expectations around the performance of a prospective target business or businesses;

our success in retaining or recruiting, or changes required in, our officers, key employees or directors following our initial business combination;

our officers and directors allocating their time to other businesses and potentially having conflicts of interest with our business or in approving our initial business combination;

our potential ability to obtain additional financing to complete our initial business combination;

our pool of prospective target businesses, including their industry and geographic location;

our ability to consummate an initial business combination due to the uncertainty resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic, global economy, financial markets or otherwise resulting from the conflict in Ukraine or any other geopolitical
 tensions and other events (such as terrorist attacks, natural disasters or a significant outbreak of other infectious diseases);

our ability to continue our listing or PubCo s (as defined below) on Nasdaq;

the ability of our officers and directors to generate a number of potential business combination opportunities;

our public securities potential liquidity and trading;

the lack of a market for our securities;

the use of proceeds not held in the Trust Account (as defined below) or available to us from interest income on the Trust Account balance;

the Trust Account not being subject to claims of third parties;

the risk of operating in foreign countries, including in Latin America; or

our financial performance.

The forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report are based on our current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments and their potential effects on us. There can be no
 assurance that future developments affecting us will be those that we have anticipated. These forward-looking statements involve a number of risks, uncertainties (some of which are beyond our control) or other assumptions that may cause actual
 results or performance to be materially different from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, those factors described under the heading Item 1A. Risk Factors. 
 Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should any of our assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary in material respects from those projected in these forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to
 update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as may be required under applicable securities laws.

1 

Table of Contents 

PART I

Item 1. 

Business.

Introduction

We are a blank check company incorporated as a Cayman Islands exempted company formed for the purpose of effecting a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or
 similar business combination with one or more businesses or entities, which we refer to throughout this Annual Report as our initial business combination. We have generated no operating revenues to date and we do not expect that we will generate
 operating revenues until we consummate our initial business combination.

Company History

On October 18, 2021, we completed our initial public offering IPO of 14,375,000 units. Each unit Unit consists of one Class A ordinary share and one-half of one Warrant, with each Warrant
 entitling the holder thereof to purchase one ordinary share for 11.50 per share. The Units were sold at a price of 10.00 per Unit, generating gross proceeds to the Company of 143,750,000.

Concurrent with the closing of the IPO, the Company completed the private sale of (i) an aggregate of 4,950,000 warrants (the Sponsor Private Placement Warrants to Rose Hill Sponsor LLC at a
 purchase price of 1.25 per Private Placement Warrant, generating gross proceeds to the Company of 6,187,500, and (ii) an aggregate of 345,000 warrants (the CCM Private Placement Warrants to J.V.B. Financial Group, LLC at a purchase price of
 1.25 per Private Placement Warrant, generating gross proceeds to the Company of 431,250. In addition, simultaneously with the closing of the IPO, the Company completed the private sale of an aggregate of 805,000 warrants (the UW Private
 Placement Warrants and together with the Sponsor Private Placement Warrants and the CCM Private Placement Warrants, the Private Placement Warrants to Cantor at a purchase price of 1.25 per Private Placement Warrant, generating gross proceeds
 to the Company of 1,006,250.

The Private Placement Warrants are identical to the Warrants sold in the IPO, except that the Private Placement Warrants are, so long as the Sponsor, J.V.B. Financial Group, LLC, or Cantor or their
 permitted transferees hold such warrants, subject to certain transfer restrictions and the holders thereof are entitled to certain registration rights, and: (1) will not be redeemable by the Company (except as described in the Company s IPO
 prospectus filed with SEC on October 13, 2021); and (2) may be exercised by the holders on a cashless basis. No underwriting discounts or commissions were paid with respect to such sales. The issuance of the Private Placement Warrants were made
 pursuant to the exemption from registration contained in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.

The proceeds from the IPO in the amount of 146,625,000 was placed in a U.S.-based trust account (the Trust Account at J.P. Morgan Chase Bank, N.A., maintained by Continental Stock Transfer
 Trust Company, acting as trustee for the benefit of our public shareholders. Except with respect to interest earned on the funds in the Trust Account that may be released to the Company to pay its taxes, the funds held in the Trust Account
 will not be released from the Trust Account until the earliest of (i) the completion of the Company s initial business combination, (ii) the redemption of any Class A ordinary shares included in the Units sold in the IPO properly submitted in
 connection with a shareholder vote to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association to modify the substance or timing of the Company s obligation to redeem 100 of the public shares if the Company does not complete its
 initial business combination within 21 months from the closing of the IPO or such later date as approved by our shareholders, or with respect to any other material provisions relating to shareholders rights or pre-initial business combination
 activity, and (iii) the redemption of the public shares if the Company is unable to complete an initial business combination within 21 months from the closing of the IPO or such later date as approved by our shareholders, subject to applicable law.

On November 29, 2021, we announced that holders of the public Units may elect to separately trade the Class A ordinary shares and Warrants. Those Units not separated will continue to trade on The
 Nasdaq Global Market Nasdaq under the symbol ROSEU, and the Class A ordinary shares and redeemable warrants that are separated will trade on the Nasdaq under the symbols ROSE and ROSEW, respectively.

2 

Table of Contents 

Our IPO prospectus and amended and restated articles of association provided that we had until January 18, 2023 (the date which was 15 months after the consummation of the IPO) to complete an
 initial business combination. As stated in the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on January 13, 2023, an extraordinary general meeting was held on January 12, 2023 Extension Meeting where our shareholders approved a proposal to
 amend our amended and restated articles of association (together with our amended and restated memorandum Articles to extend the date by which we must consummate an initial business combination from January 18, 2023, to July 18, 2023 (the
 Extension Period ). In connection with the Extension Meeting, holders of the Class A ordinary shares were permitted to exercise their right to redeem their shares for a pro rata portion of the Trust Account. Shareholders holding 14,118,106 Class A
 ordinary shares elected to have their shares redeemed leaving an aggregate of approximately 2.8 million in the Trust Account following the Extension Meeting.

Business Combination with Prize

Business Combination Agreement

On October 20, 2022, we entered into a Business Combination Agreement with Inversiones e Inmobilaria GHC Ltda, a limited liability company organized under the laws of Chile Prize and, for
 certain limited purposes, Alejandro Garc a Huidobro Empresario Individual AGH (as it may be amended and/or restated from time to time, the Business Combination Agreement ), pursuant to which, and subject to the terms and conditions set forth
 therein, prior to the consummation of the Business Combination (as defined below), (i) Prize will cause to be incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands, (a) an exempted company with limited liability to serve as PubCo for all purposes
 under the Business Combination Agreement and (b) an exempted company with limited liability to serve as Merger Sub for all purposes under the Business Combination Agreement, (ii) Prize and AGH will cause to be incorporated under the laws of
 Chile, a simplified stock corporation that will serve as HoldCo for all purposes under the Business Combination Agreement, in each case, as a direct wholly owned subsidiary of Prize and (iii) promptly following the incorporation of PubCo, Merger
 Sub and HoldCo, Prize and AGH will consummate a pre-closing restructuring pursuant to which, among other things, all subsidiaries of Prize will become direct or indirect subsidiaries of HoldCo, HoldCo will become a wholly owned subsidiary of Merger
 Sub, and Merger Sub will become a wholly owned subsidiary of Prize (collectively, the Pre-Closing Restructuring ).

Following the Pre-Closing Restructuring, at the closing of the Business Combination, (i) the Company will be merged with and into PubCo with PubCo continuing as the surviving entity (the First
 Merger and (ii) subsequent to the First Merger, Merger Sub will be merged with and into PubCo with PubCo continuing as the surviving entity (the Second Merger and, together with the First Merger, the Mergers (such transactions and those
 otherwise contemplated by the Business Combination Agreement, collectively, the Business Combination ).

The terms of the Business Combination Agreement, which contains customary representations and warranties, covenants, closing conditions and other terms relating to the Business Combination, are
 summarized below. Capitalized terms used in this Annual Report but not otherwise defined herein have the meanings given to them in the Business Combination Agreement, which is included as an exhibit to this Annual Report.

Consideration

In accordance with the terms and subject to the conditions of the Business Combination Agreement, by virtue of the First Merger, (i) each Rose Hill ordinary share that is issued and outstanding
 immediately prior to the First Merger will be converted into one validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable PubCo ordinary share, and (ii) all outstanding warrants to purchase ordinary shares of Rose Hill will be converted into warrants to
 purchase the same number of PubCo ordinary shares and all rights with respect to Rose Hill ordinary shares under such Rose Hill warrants will be converted into rights with respect to the applicable PubCo ordinary shares.

In accordance with the terms and subject to the conditions of the Business Combination Agreement, by virtue of the Second Merger, each Merger Sub ordinary share that is issued and outstanding
 immediately prior to the Second Merger will be converted into a number of PubCo ordinary shares equal to the quotient of (i) the Equity Value, divided by (ii) the number of Merger Sub ordinary shares that are issued and outstanding immediately
 prior to the Second Merger, divided by (iii) 10.00. The Equity Value under the Business Combination Agreement is an amount equal to (i) 328,000,000, minus (ii) the lesser of (a) the aggregate amount of transaction expenses (the Specified
 Transaction Expenses of Prize and the Company (other than those expenses incurred in respect of obtaining an equity line of credit or similar financing arrangement to be in place and available to PubCo as of the closing of the Business
 Combination Closing )) and (b) 10,000,000.

In the event that the Specified Transaction Expenses exceed 10,000,000, then the number of PubCo ordinary shares otherwise issuable to Rose Hill Sponsor LLC (the Sponsor under the Business
 Combination Agreement will be decreased by a number of shares equal to the amount of such excess divided by 10.00.

3 

Table of Contents 

Earn-Out Shares

If, at any time following the Closing, the daily volume-weighted average price VWAP of PubCo ordinary shares is greater than or equal to (a) 18.00, (b) 22.00, (c) 26.00, or (d) 30.00 in
 each case, over any thirty (30) days on which the PubCo ordinary shares are tradeable on NASDAQ Trading Days within any consecutive forty-five (45) Trading Day period then PubCo will issue 2,948,800 PubCo ordinary shares to Prize Earn-Out
 Shares after the occurrence of each such consecutive forty-five (45) Trading Day period. For the avoidance of doubt, Prize may be entitled to receive a maximum of 11,795,200 Earn-Out Shares in the aggregate in respect of the occurrence of all
 four Earn-Out events.

Registration Rights and Lock-up Agreement

In connection with the Closing of the Business Combination Agreement, PubCo, the Sponsor, Prize and certain other parties thereto will enter into a registration rights and lock-up agreement (the
 Registration Rights and Lock-Up Agreement ), which, among other things, (i) effective as of the Closing, terminates and replaces the current registration rights agreement, dated as of October 13, 2021, by and among Rose Hill, the Sponsor and the
 other parties thereto, (ii) provides that PubCo will be obligated to file a registration statement to register the resale of certain PubCo ordinary shares held by Sponsor, Prize and certain other parties thereto, at the consummation of the business
 combination, (iii) provides certain parties thereto including Prize, certain demand and piggyback registration rights, and (iv) provides for certain restrictions on transfer relating to PubCo ordinary shares and warrants to purchase PubCo ordinary
 shares held by Sponsor, Prize and certain parties thereto.

Company Support Agreement

In connection with the execution of the Business Combination Agreement, Rose Hill, Prize and AGH have entered into a company support agreement (the Company Support Agreement pursuant to which,
 among other things, AGH has agreed to (a) vote his Merger Sub ordinary shares in favor of the approval and adoption of the Business Combination Agreement and the Business Combination and (b) certain transfer restrictions with respect to his Merger
 Sub ordinary shares and shares of Prize.

Sponsor Support Agreement

In connection with the execution of the Business Combination Agreement, the Sponsor entered into a sponsor support agreement (the Sponsor Support Agreement pursuant to which the Sponsor has
 agreed, among other things, to (i) certain restrictions on transfer relating to its ordinary shares of Rose Hill prior to the Closing as set forth therein, (ii) not redeem any of its shares of Rose Hill in connection with the vote to approve the
 Business Combination or any proposal to extend the date by which Rose Hill must complete an initial business combination, (iii) vote in favor of the Mergers and the other transactions and against any alternative transaction, (iv) waive certain
 anti-dilution provisions contained in Rose Hill s Articles in connection with the Mergers and (v) subject a certain number of its Class B ordinary shares of Rose Hill to vesting.

Standby Equity Purchase Agreement

In connection with the execution of the Business Combination Agreement and for purposes of obtaining equity financing on behalf of PubCo at Closing, Prize entered into a standby equity purchase
 agreement with a financial investor and affiliate of Yorkville Advisors (the Investor ), pursuant to which, among other things, at the Closing, PubCo will have the right (but not the obligation) to sell to the Investor, and the Investor will
 purchase from PubCo, up to 150,000,000 of PubCo ordinary shares at a purchase price of 97 of the Market Price (as defined therein) of the PubCo ordinary shares, subject to the terms and conditions set forth therein.

For additional information regarding the Business Combination and the transactions contemplated thereby, see the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 25, 2022.

Other than as specifically discussed, this Annual Report does not assume the closing of the Business Combination.

Rose Hill s Purpose and Competitive Advantage

We believe that the Latin American region holds a diverse base of numerous public-ready businesses seeking capital to fund their operations and achieve long-term growth. However, most companies in
 the region face hurdles in their pursuit of equity capital through traditional avenues. Late private funding for emerging companies in Latin America remains scarce and expensive, while the local public capital markets outside Brazil have
 historically been inefficient, illiquid, and limited in depth as compared to the U.S. capital markets. We plan to capitalize on this pent-up demand for growth equity and market access to provide an attractive capital solution for the region s
 high-growth private companies. We strongly believe that the growth path for many of these emerging private companies can be accelerated through a Nasdaq listing, access to the broad U.S. institutional investor base, and the type of strategic
 partnership that our company offers.

4 

Table of Contents 

In pursuit of this goal, our investment thesis is based on three core principles to complete a business combination in Latin America: (i) successful navigation of these markets requires a dedicated
 team of individuals with long track records of success investing and operating in the region; (ii) successfully capitalizing on the Special Purpose Acquisition Company, or SPAC , as a vehicle which requires transaction expertise with the SPAC
 product and ample experience in structuring business combinations; and (iii) long-term value creation post business combination requires deep understanding of both U.S. public market dynamics and Latin American operating requirements. Based on
 these principles, Rose Hill was founded and strategically structured to provide a comprehensive array of both regional and product know-how that collectively maximizes our probability of success.

Our management team is comprised of individuals that collectively possess: (i) over 30 years of experience leading publicly traded companies and conglomerates in Latin America; (ii) more than 130
 billion of completed mergers and acquisitions transactions across Latin American markets, including leading and managing the Investment Banking practice at Scotiabank in Mexico, and Latin American coverage at Morgan Stanley and Barclays Capital;
 (iii) deep investment expertise from a partner at a 1.5 billion asset manager in the region; and (iv) experience underwriting and advising SPAC offerings and business combinations.

Our independent board of directors was selected to provide expertise across our five main Latin American target markets: Mexico, Colombia, Brazil, Chile, and Peru. These individuals bring over 100
 years of combined investing and advising experience across dozens of industries in the region. Our independent directors are industry leaders with substantial operational expertise, partners and presidents at leading private equity firms in Latin
 America, former country CEOs at consulting firms in the region, and former public company senior executives.

Our strategic investor in Latin America, Ameris Capital, brings (i) a deep understanding and track record of success investing in the region across multiple asset classes and industries; (ii)
 relationships with premier long-only investors in Latin America; (iii) an extensive background in creatively structuring deals in the region; and (iv) a wide breadth of public markets expertise.

We have thoughtfully integrated these principles across all layers of our structure. In our view, these structural advantages position Rose Hill as a well-rounded SPAC team with a deep
 understanding of every step of the business combination process, from deal sourcing and negotiating in Latin American markets, to forging a long-term successful partnership with a target company, like Prize, that will be well received by the U.S.
 public markets.

Our Management Team

Throughout their careers, members of our management team have:

Led and managed major public and private companies in Latin America including Axtel, Grupo Alfa, Sigma Alimentos and Hylsamex;

Built partnerships and relationships with multinational corporations, best-in-class financial sponsors, family-owned businesses, and family offices across the region;

Sourced, negotiated, and executed multi-billion-dollar M A, transactions and equity and debt capital raisings in Latin America for over 18 years;

Developed investing and operational expertise in Latin America through private equity investments, entrepreneurial endeavors, and board memberships;

Recruited, retained, and managed high-performing management teams with proven track records; and

Participated in the underwriting, co-sponsoring, and business combination efforts of SPAC transactions.

Our Independent Directors

We have strategically selected our board of directors to provide expertise across Latin America s primary markets: Mexico, Brazil, Colombia, Chile, and Peru. For these countries, each board member
 provides (i) a proprietary network of family and private equity owned businesses that gives us superior target sourcing capabilities; (ii) operational know-how to successfully navigate each country s unique macroeconomic landscape and specific
 industry dynamics; and (iii) a strategic and network support post business combination for each of those countries and across Latin America.

5 

Table of Contents 

Our independent directors include:

Partners and former CEOs at private equity firms with substantial presence in Latin America, such as Ameris Capital, Portland Private Equity, Rio Bravo Investimentos, among others;

Operators of major Latin American conglomerates, including Intercorp Per Ltd, and former country Managing Partner for Brazil Accenture, a globally recognized consulting firm;

Top investment bankers in the region such as the Head of Investment Banking at Santander Bank Mexico, the third largest bank in Mexico by assets, and former Head of UBS and Citigroup Investment Banking in Colombia.

Our Strategic Investor

Ameris Capital, our strategic investor with deep expertise and experience in Latin America, is a Chilean-based
 alternative asset manager focused on private and public equities, real estate, private debt, and infrastructure investments with 1.5 billion in assets under management and over 50 investment professionals. Recognized as one of the leading
 alternative asset managers in the Andean region, Ameris Capital brings over 100 years of combined advisory, investment, and operational experience through their partners, assisting companies in their entire journey to develop, grow, and build
 long-lasting capabilities. As of December 31, 2022, Ameris portfolio was composed of over 30 funds with more than 50 investments as underlying assets. Their partners have been advisors to boards or board directors in companies across industries
 such as fintech, energy, consumer, industrials, finance, B2B technologies, mining services, and agribusiness. 

Our relationship with Ameris will be reinforced by the service of Christian Moreno, President of Ameris, on our board of directors and of Jose Mujica, a partner and Head of private equity at
 Ameris, on our management team as Chief Strategy Officer. An affiliate of Ameris has made an investment in and is a member of our sponsor.

We will seek to leverage our strategic investor s platforms, including the option to access its teams, deal prospects, and network to aid the management team in the identification, diligence and
 operational support of a target for our initial business combination. We believe that we will benefit from our strategic investor s deep experience as a leading investment firm in Latin America, bringing extensive networks of relationships that we
 believe may provide us with a distinct advantage for sourcing opportunities and unlocking long-term shareholder value.

Latin America Market Opportunity

We believe that strong fundamentals across Latin America s demographics support the convergence towards economic development, capital formation, and growth observed in developed countries such as
 the U.S. and Canada. The region s expanding middle class, growing young population, participation of women in the labor force, and increasing urbanization position the Latin American economies on a higher growth trajectory than developed countries
 for the next decade. According to the World Bank, Latin America s middle class grew by 48 from approximately 152 million people in 2009 to 225.3 million in 2020, signaling an increasing demand for new innovative products and services. In addition,
 Latin America s population is more than double that of the U.S. at over 658 million, almost half of which are under 30 years old. Moreover, urbanization rates above 80 remain among the highest in the world, migrating the region s economies towards
 higher needs for education, increased productivity, and stronger demand for financial, digitalization and telecommunication services.

We believe these favorable demographic trends combined with recent technological adoption, enable high growth industries such as fintech, e-commerce, telecommunications, clean technology, and
 healthcare to thrive and expand across the region. As a result, Latin America s private sector is expected to capitalize on these growth trends driven by:

Infrastructure investments: Ongoing private and public investments in physical and digital infrastructure, such as (i)
 logistics and transport network infrastructure (ii) sustainable and clean energy generation capacity (iii) healthcare infrastructure, and (iv) digital connectivity including fiber, wireless towers and data centers; 

Largely underpenetrated services and product markets : Low penetration of financial services, insurance, and e-commerce
 services as a result of market inefficiencies, regulation, and economic underdevelopment. Wide and inexpensive mobile access is now available across the region (66 of Latin Americans own a smartphone) and increasing broadband penetration
 in major cities provide an opportunity for digitalization adoption in products and services across these markets; 

Strong private equity and venture capital activity: Private equity funding in Latin America increased at a 20.2 CAGR
 from 2011 to 2019 to 14.3 billion, while venture capital investment soared from 143.0 million in 2011 to 4.6 billion in 2019. We believe that these robust trends, along with the ongoing institutionalization for many family-owned and
 private companies, are leading indicators of the upcoming requirements of growth capital in the region; 

6 

Table of Contents 

Technological and digital expansion : The COVID-19 pandemic exacerbated the rapid technological assimilation,
 digitalization, and cloud migration in Latin America, allowing companies to process and manage large quantities of information through big data and cloud adoption. In addition, enhanced automation in manufacturing continues to drive
 productivity across Latin America; 

Favorable macroeconomic tailwinds: (i) inflation rates in the region remaining stable at 2.87 from 2011 to 2019,
 excluding Argentina and Venezuela (ii) average unemployment rates remaining stable at approximately 7.0 from 2011 to 2019, (iii) low interest rates across Mexico, Brazil, Colombia, Chile and Peru, reducing companies cost of borrowing
 and shifting the region s investment appetite into equities, and (iv) sustained increase in foreign direct investments (FDI) as a percentage of GDP, from 2.75 in 2009 to 3.16 in 2019, accelerating the inflow of capital and investment;
 and 

Favorable geopolitical environment: Existing trade tensions between the United States and China have resulted in new
 tariffs decreasing the low-cost competitive advantage of China. As a result, multinationals are relocating supply chains out of Asia (accelerated by the COVID-19 pandemic) into Latin America driven by favorable trade agreements,
 proximity, and cheap labor costs. 

Attractiveness of a U.S. Listing for Latin American Companies

In our view, the efficient and optimal path to maximize equity capital raising, liquidity, transparency and access to a diverse investor base is through a U.S. public listing instead of pursuing a
 late private funding or listing on a local exchange. Additionally, inefficiencies and friction across local capital markets, limited depth, and concentrated institutional investment are challenges for domestic IPOs. We believe a U.S. listing
 provides strong advantages compared to a local listing based on the following considerations:

Broader investor base: U.S. listed Latin American companies have access to a broader and sophisticated pool of investors,
 including emerging markets funds, Latin American long-only funds, qualified institutional buyers, Latin American pension funds, U.S. funds looking for emerging markets diversification, and retail investors. In contrast, Latin American
 local listing investors outside Brazil tend to be limited to local pension funds and select institutional investors, while retail participation remains low; 

Higher liquidity levels: Access to a broader investor base in the U.S. allows for higher average daily trading volume
 (ADTV) levels. For 2020, the total value traded in the NYSE and NASDAQ exchanges as a percentage of their market capitalization was 115 , compared to only 41 on average for the exchanges in Mexico, Brazil, Colombia, Chile, and Peru; 

Larger market size and higher risk appetite: The U.S. investor base has a vast breadth of experience analyzing and
 investing on emerging growth stories, as well as funding complex business models. 

Limited depth of local markets: The region s domestic equity markets have limited depth, with an average combined stock
 market capitalization as a percentage of GDP of 51 in 2019 for the exchanges in Mexico, Brazil, Colombia, Chile, and Peru; compared to 175 for the U.S. markets; and 

Lower Market and Ownership Concentration: Latin America s local markets are dominated by a few large company groups as a
 percentage of total capitalization, while their ownership is largely concentrated in local pension funds. The U.S. markets provide lower levels of ownership and market concentration, which in turn fosters liquidity levels. 

Sector Opportunity

Although we will seek investments in all sectors and industries, we intend to focus on companies with distinct competitive advantages, leading market positions, and operations in fast-growing and
 profitable sectors in Latin America. Our management team, board of directors, and strategic investors have ample experience and successful track records operating, investing, and advising Latin American companies across the following sectors, and
 we expect to focus our primary search efforts on these:

Healthcare: We intend to focus our search efforts on companies within the healthcare services, diagnostics, medical
 equipment, generic pharmaceutical laboratories, digital and telehealth subsectors. In our view, limited government healthcare spending and insufficient coverage represents an opportunity for private companies to grow and capture
 significant market share. In 2018, healthcare spending per capita in the region reached 666.9, compared to 4,899.6 for OECD countries, with out-of-pocket expenditures as a percentage of total health expenditures reaching 30.1 , compared
 to 13.7 for OECD countries. In addition, improvements in basic infrastructure have shifted the region s disease burden from communicable diseases to chronic diseases such as obesity, diabetes, cardiovascular diseases and cancer; greatly
 increasing the demand potential for mobile health tracking, telemedicine, diagnostics, and cost-effective therapies. In 2020, subsector market sizes in Latin America for diagnostics and mobile health reached 2.72 billion and 3.53
 billion respectively. 

7 

Table of Contents 

Financial Services: We intend to target companies within the payments, transaction processing, asset management,
 insurtech, alternative lending, and digital banking subsectors. We believe a substantial opportunity exists in the financial services sector, specifically in digital banking and payments, given the region s vastly underpenetrated banking
 systems coupled with an increase in both digitalization and broadband connectivity. As of May 1, 2021, approximately 50 of Latin Americans were unbanked, while 75 had access to internet connectivity, the majority being through mobile
 phones. Additionally, government regulators in countries such as Mexico and Brazil continue to lower barriers to entry that have historically prevented fintech companies from obtaining bank charters and lending licenses, while
 simultaneously promoting digital payment options and services. As a result, several fintech companies have emerged into traditionally underserved and untapped markets, providing efficient digital banking and B2B services for new consumers
 and merchants. In 2020, fintech venture capital funding in Latin America totaled 2.1 billion, representing a growth of 690 over the past five years. 

Technology and Digital Infrastructure: We intend to focus on companies within the cloudtech, software, data center, IT
 services, fiber and cell phone tower subsectors. We believe the young demographics, high penetration of smartphone usage, and large-scale digitalization of companies in Latin America have resulted in numerous technology companies emerging
 and rapidly building digital infrastructure. Additionally, Latin American businesses are increasingly outsourcing their IT functions to more cost-efficient solutions through cloud service, cybersecurity, and IT providers. The region s
 cloud computing market is projected to increase at a CAGR of 22.4 from 2019 to 2023, primarily driven by the increase in demand for the hybrid cloud, IaaS, PaaS and SaaS segments. We will seek to capitalize on the region s heavy wave of
 technology investments experienced from 2009 to 2020, which saw 16 billion invested across 2,800 tech startups and 4.2 billion of which was raised in 2020 alone. This funding has resulted in numerous high-growth, disruptive companies,
 now at a mature stage and well poised for a listing on public markets. 

Consumer Goods and E-commerce: We intend to focus on companies that access consumers through non-traditional digital
 channels and are data driven in their commercial approach. As demographics and income segmentation become more transparent in the region due to higher digital penetration and urbanization rates, including lower costs of acquiring data and
 accessing customer directly, we believe that e-commerce and e-services will continue gaining market share over traditional distribution and retail channels. As a percentage of total advertising expenditures, digital advertising in the
 region grew from 18 in 2015 to 39.1 in 2020, compared to 62.9 for the U.S. in 2020. Retail e-commerce in Latin America grew at a 16.5 CAGR since 2015 to 95.8 billion in 2020. In addition, COVID-19 exacerbated the growth in the
 e-commerce sector, with over 500 million consumers driven into lock-down regimes and 17 of such consumers attempting to execute an online purchase for the first time. Despite its recent expansion, the sector remains largely
 underpenetrated compared to developed economies, with e-commerce sales as a percentage of retail sales in the region of 5.6 in 2020, compared to 21.3 in the U.S. 

Industrials and Manufacturing: We intend to target industrials and manufacturing companies that produce value added and
 non-commoditized products, have unique competitive advantages, and cater to large domestic and export markets with emphasis on end-products in industries of high structural growth or requiring significant tacit knowledge, such as
 aerospace defense or electric vehicles. In our view, the lower labor costs, sizeable domestic and export markets, integrated production ecosystems, and relative ease of access to inputs offers substantial opportunity for profitable
 manufacturing in the region. In addition, free trade agreements between the United States and 11 countries in Latin America and geographic proximity to the United States gives preferable access to the largest consumer end-market in the
 world. From an enterprise standpoint, COVID-19 s disruption of just-in-time manufacturing that traditionally relied on Asian markets has caused western multinationals to look to diversify their supply-chains globally. We believe Latin
 America is well poised to attract this diversification given its proximity, cost advantage and similar time zone to the U.S. 

Investment Criteria

We have identified the following general criteria and guidelines that we believe are important in evaluating prospective target businesses, including Prize. While we intend to use these criteria
 and guidelines in evaluating initial business combination opportunities, we may decide to enter into a business combination with a target that does not meet some or all of these criteria and guidelines.

8 

Table of Contents 

Size: We intend to target companies whose pre-money valuation is between 400 million and 1 billion, determined by the
 sole discretion of our management team and according to reasonably accepted valuation standards and methodologies. We believe investing in companies of this size range offers, on average, higher growth potential and higher probability of
 stronger post business combination share price performance than larger capitalization stocks, as well as potential for favorable opportunities to invest in companies not accessible to large institutional investors. According to S P
 data from 1990 to 2019, relative returns of small-cap indices such as S P 600 and Russell 2000 have outperformed large-cap indices such as the S P 500 Index. 

Growth: We intend to focus on companies with consistent and historical revenue and EBITDA growth. In addition, we will
 seek companies that are well-positioned to capture additional market share; 

Profitability: We intend to target established companies with demonstrated track records of profitability and operating
 cash flow through strong business fundamentals; 

Competitive Market Positioning: We expect to focus on companies that have achieved a strategic or sizable market position
 in a large addressable and growing industry, and in which a partnership with Rose Hill would provide a tangible opportunity to become a market leader through geographical expansion and/or higher market penetration within existing markets; 

Public-listing Readiness: We intend to seek companies that have the appropriate corporate governance, financial controls,
 and reporting processes in place to fulfill the regulatory requirements of a U.S. publicly traded entity; 

High-Quality Management Team: We expect to focus on companies with seasoned management teams with demonstrated track
 records and prepared to run a publicly traded company. We will devote significant time and effort into analyzing and reaching consensus with the target s management and stakeholders to ensure their long-term strategy is aligned with our
 values and investment thesis; and 

Environmental, Social, and Governance (ESG): We intend to focus on companies which have a strong sense of commitment
 towards solving key issues in their communities and making a significant impact to society and all key stakeholders. We will seek companies with a commitment to social, economic, and environmental stewardship and sustainability, a desire
 to increase diversity, equality, and inclusion with their business, product, service offering, or the desire to serve a specific social purpose. We believe a strong commitment to purpose or identity, coupled with a sound underlying
 business, often results in the delivery of long-term stakeholder value. 

These criteria are not intended to be exhaustive. Any evaluation relating to the merits of a particular initial business combination may be based, to the extent relevant, on these general
 guidelines as well as other considerations, factors and criteria that our management team may deem relevant.

Initial Business Combination

So long as our securities are then listed on the Nasdaq, our initial business combination must occur with one or more target businesses that together have an aggregate fair market value of at least
 80 of the net assets held in the Trust Account (excluding the amount of deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable on the interest earned on the Trust Account) at the time of signing a definitive agreement in connection with our initial
 business combination. If our board of directors is not able to independently determine the fair market value of the target business or businesses, we will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or an independent valuation or
 appraisal firm with respect to the satisfaction of such criteria. While we consider it unlikely that our board will not be able to make an independent determination of the fair market value of a target business or businesses, it may be unable to do
 so if the board is less familiar or experienced with the target company s business, if there is a significant amount of uncertainty as to the value of the company s assets or prospects, including if such company is at an early stage of development,
 operations or growth, or if the anticipated transaction involves a complex financial analysis or other specialized skills and the board determines that outside expertise would be helpful or necessary in conducting such analysis. Since any opinion,
 if obtained, would merely state that the fair market value of the target business meets the 80 of net assets threshold, unless such opinion includes material information regarding the valuation of a target business or the consideration to be
 provided, it is not anticipated that copies of such opinion would be distributed to our shareholders. However, if required under applicable law, any proxy statement that we deliver to shareholders and file with the SEC in connection with a proposed
 transaction will include such opinion.

9 

Table of Contents 

We anticipate structuring our initial business combination so that the post-business combination company in which our public shareholders own shares will own or acquire 100 of the equity interests
 or assets of the target business or businesses. We may, however, structure our initial business combination such that the post-business combination company owns or acquires less than 100 of such interests or assets of the target business in order
 to meet certain objectives of the target management team or shareholders or for other reasons, but we will only complete such business combination if the post-business combination company owns or acquires 50 or more of the outstanding voting
 securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, or the Investment Company Act. Even
 if the post-business combination company owns or acquires 50 or more of the voting securities of the target, our shareholders prior to the business combination may collectively own a minority interest in the post-business combination company,
 depending on valuations ascribed to the target and us in the business combination. For example, we could pursue a transaction in which we issue a substantial number of new shares in exchange for all of the outstanding capital stock of a target. In
 this case, we would acquire a 100 controlling interest in the target. However, as a result of the issuance of a substantial number of new shares, our shareholders immediately prior to our initial business combination could own less than a majority
 of our outstanding shares subsequent to our initial business combination. If less than 100 of the equity interests or assets of a target business or businesses are owned or acquired by the post-business combination company, the portion of such
 business or businesses that is owned or acquired is what will be valued for purposes of the 80 of net assets test. If the business combination involves more than one target business, the 80 of net assets test will be based on the aggregate value
 of all of the target businesses. In addition, we have agreed not to enter into a definitive agreement regarding an initial business combination without the prior consent of our sponsor. If our securities are not then listed on the Nasdaq for
 whatever reason, we would no longer be required to meet the foregoing 80 of net asset test.

To the extent we effect our initial business combination with a company or business that may be financially unstable or in its early stages of development or growth, we may be affected by numerous
 risks inherent in such company or business. Although our management will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target business, we cannot assure you that we will properly ascertain or assess all significant risk factors.

The time required to select and evaluate a target business and to structure and complete our initial business combination, and the costs associated with this process, are not currently
 ascertainable with any degree of certainty. Any costs incurred with respect to the identification and evaluation of a prospective target business with which our initial business combination is not ultimately completed will result in our incurring
 losses and will reduce the funds we can use to complete another business combination.

We are not prohibited from pursuing an initial business combination or subsequent transaction with a company that is affiliated with our sponsor, officers or directors. In addition, in the event we
 seek to complete our initial business combination with a company that is affiliated with our sponsor or any of our officers or directors, we, or a committee of independent directors, will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking
 firm or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions that such initial business combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view. We are not required to obtain such an opinion in any other context.

Each of our officers and directors presently has, and any of them in the future may have additional, fiduciary and contractual duties to other entities pursuant to which such officer or director is
 or will be required to present a business combination opportunity. As a result, if any of our officers or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity that is suitable for an entity to which he, she or it has then-current fiduciary
 or contractual obligations, then, subject to their fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law, he, she or it will need to honor such fiduciary or contractual obligations to present such business combination opportunity to such entity, before we can
 pursue such opportunity. If these other entities decide to pursue any such opportunity, we may be precluded from pursuing the same. However, we do not expect these duties to materially affect our ability to complete our initial business
 combination. Our Articles provide that, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law: (i) no individual serving as a director or an officer shall have any duty, except and to the extent expressly assumed by contract, to refrain from engaging
 directly or indirectly in the same or similar business activities or lines of business as us; and (ii) we renounce any interest or expectancy in, or in being offered an opportunity to participate in, any potential transaction or matter which may be
 a corporate opportunity for any director or officer, on the one hand, and us, on the other, unless such opportunity is expressly offered to such person in their capacity as a director or officer of our company and the opportunity is one we are
 permitted to complete on a reasonable basis. For the avoidance of doubt, business combination opportunities presented to our officers or directors in the context of their positions with any other entity to which they have fiduciary or contractual
 obligations will in any event be deemed presented to him or her in his or her capacity as a representative of such other entity.

Our sponsor, officers and directors may sponsor, form or participate in other blank check companies similar to ours during the period in which we are seeking an initial business combination. Any
 such companies may present additional conflicts of interest in pursuing an acquisition target, particularly in the event there is overlap among investment mandates. However, we do not currently expect that any such other blank check company would
 materially affect our ability to complete our initial business combination. In addition, our sponsor, officers and directors are not required to commit any specified amount of time to our affairs, and, accordingly, will have conflicts of interest
 in allocating management time among various business activities, including identifying potential business combinations and monitoring the related due diligence.

10 

Table of Contents 

Status as a Public Company

We believe our structure will make us an attractive business combination partner to a target business. As an existing public company, we offer a target business an alternative to the traditional
 IPO through a merger or other business combination with us. In a business combination transaction with us, the owners of the target business may, for example, exchange their shares of stock, shares or other equity interests in the target business
 for our Class A ordinary shares (or shares of a new holding company) or for a combination of our Class A ordinary shares and cash, allowing us to tailor the consideration to the specific needs of the sellers. We believe target businesses will find
 this method a more expeditious and cost effective method to becoming a public company than the typical IPO. The typical IPO process can take a longer period of time than the typical business combination transaction process, and there are
 significant expenses in the IPO process, including underwriting discounts and commissions, that may not be present to the same extent in connection with a business combination with us.

Furthermore, once a proposed business combination is completed, the target business will have effectively become public, whereas an IPO is always subject to the underwriters ability to complete
 the offering, as well as general market conditions, which could delay or prevent the offering from occurring or have negative valuation consequences. Once public, we believe the target business would then have greater access to capital, an
 additional means of providing management incentives consistent with shareholders interests and the ability to use its shares as currency for acquisitions. Being a public company can offer further benefits by augmenting a company s profile among
 potential new customers and vendors and aid in attracting talented employees.

While we believe that our structure and our management team s backgrounds will make us an attractive business partner, some potential target businesses may view our status as a blank check company,
 such as our lack of an operating history and our ability to seek shareholder approval of any proposed initial business combination, negatively.

Emerging Growth Company

We are an emerging growth company, as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act, as modified by the JOBS Act. As such, we are eligible to take advantage of certain exemptions from various
 reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies, including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the
 Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a non-binding advisory vote on executive compensation and shareholder
 approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. If some investors find our securities less attractive as a result, there may be a less active trading market for our securities and the prices of our securities may be more
 volatile.

In addition, Section 107 of the JOBS Act also provides that an emerging growth company can take advantage of the extended transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act
 for complying with new or revised accounting standards. In other words, an emerging growth company can delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies. We intend to take
 advantage of the benefits of this extended transition period.

We will remain an emerging growth company until the earlier of (1) the last day of the fiscal year (a) following the fifth
 anniversary of the completion of our IPO, (b) in which we have total annual gross revenue of at least 1.235 billion, or (c) in which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer, which means the market value of our Class A ordinary shares that
 are held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of the prior June 30th, and (2) the date on which we have issued more than 1.0 billion in non-convertible debt during the prior three-year period.

Smaller Reporting Company

Additionally, we are a smaller reporting company as defined in Item 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K. Smaller reporting companies may take advantage of certain reduced disclosure obligations,
 including, among other things, providing only two years of audited financial statements. We will remain a smaller reporting company until the last day of the fiscal year in which (1) the market value of our ordinary shares held by non-affiliates
 exceeds 250 million as of the prior June 30 and (2) our annual revenues exceeded 100 million during such completed fiscal year and the market value of our ordinary shares held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of the prior June 30.

11 

Table of Contents 

Effecting Our Initial Business Combination

General

We intend to effectuate our initial business combination using cash from the proceeds of our IPO and the Private Placement Warrants, the proceeds of the sale of our shares or shares of a new
 holding company in connection with our initial business combination (pursuant to subscription agreements, forward purchase agreements or backstop agreements), shares issued to the owners of the target, debt issued to bank or other lenders or the
 owners of the target, or a combination of the foregoing or other sources. We may seek to complete our initial business combination with a company or business that may be financially unstable or in its early stages of development or growth, which
 would subject us to the numerous risks inherent in such companies and businesses.

If our initial business combination is paid for using equity or debt, or not all of the funds released from the Trust Account are used for payment of the consideration in connection with our
 initial business combination or used for redemptions of our Class A ordinary shares, we may apply the balance of the cash released to us from the Trust Account for general corporate purposes, including for maintenance or expansion of operations of
 the post-business combination company, the payment of principal or interest due on indebtedness incurred in completing our initial business combination, to fund the purchase of other companies or for working capital.

We may need to obtain additional financing to complete our initial business combination, either because the transaction requires more cash than is available from the proceeds held in our Trust
 Account, or because we become obligated to redeem a significant number of our public shares upon the completion of the business combination, in which case we may issue additional securities or incur debt in connection with such business
 combination. There are no prohibitions on our ability to issue securities or incur debt in connection with our initial business combination. Other than the potential availability of the backstop arrangement with our sponsor, we are not currently a
 party to any arrangement or understanding with any third party with respect to raising any additional funds through the sale of securities, the incurrence of debt or otherwise.

Sources of Target Businesses

We anticipate that target business candidates will be brought to our attention from various unaffiliated sources, including investment market participants, private equity groups, investment banking
 firms, consultants, accounting firms and large business enterprises. Target businesses may be brought to our attention by such unaffiliated sources as a result of being solicited by us through calls or mailings. These sources may also introduce us
 to target businesses in which they think we may be interested on an unsolicited basis, since some of these sources will have read our IPO prospectus or this Annual Report and know what types of businesses we are targeting. Our officers and
 directors, as well as their affiliates, may also bring to our attention target business candidates that they become aware of through their business contacts as a result of formal or informal inquiries or discussions they may have, as well as
 attending trade shows or conventions. In addition, we expect to receive a number of proprietary deal flow opportunities that would not otherwise necessarily be available to us as a result of the business relationships of our officers and directors.
 While we do not presently anticipate engaging the services of professional firms or other individuals that specialize in business acquisitions on any formal basis, we may engage these firms or other individuals in the future, in which event we may
 pay a finder s fee, consulting fee or other compensation to be determined in an arm s length negotiation based on the terms of the transaction. We will engage a finder only to the extent our management determines that the use of a finder may bring
 opportunities to us that may not otherwise be available to us or if finders approach us on an unsolicited basis with a potential transaction that our management determines is in our best interest to pursue. Payment of finder s fees is customarily
 tied to completion of a transaction, in which case any such fee will be paid out of the funds held in the Trust Account. In no event, however, will our sponsor or any of our existing officers or directors, or their respective affiliates be paid by
 us any finder s fee or for any services they render in order to effectuate, the completion of our initial business combination (regardless of the type of transaction that it is).

We have agreed to pay our sponsor a total of 10,000 per month for office space, secretarial and administrative support and to reimburse our sponsor for any out-of-pocket expenses related to
 identifying, investigating and completing an initial business combination. In addition, we may make payments of up to 13,000 per month to members of our management team for services rendered to us commencing on the date that our securities are
 first listed on Nasdaq through the earlier of consummation of our initial business combination and our liquidation. Some of our officers and directors may enter into employment or consulting agreements with the post-business combination company
 following our initial business combination. The presence or absence of any such fees or arrangements will not be used as a criterion in our selection process of an acquisition candidate.

We are not prohibited from pursuing an initial business combination with a company that is affiliated with our sponsor, officers or directors. In addition, in the event we seek to complete our
 initial business combination with a company that is affiliated with our sponsor or any of our officers or directors, we, or a committee of independent directors, will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or another
 independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions that such initial business combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view. We are not required to obtain such an opinion in any other context.

12 

Table of Contents 

Each of our officers and directors presently has, and any of them in the future may have additional, fiduciary or contractual obligations to other entities, including entities that are affiliates
 of our sponsor, pursuant to which such officer or director is or will be required to present a business combination opportunity to such entity. Accordingly, if any of our officers or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity
 that is suitable for an entity to which he or she has then-current fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she will honor his or her fiduciary or contractual obligations to present such business combination opportunity to such entity, subject
 to their fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law. See Management Conflicts of Interest. 

Evaluation of a Target Business and Structuring of Our Initial Business Combination

In evaluating a prospective target business, we expect to conduct an extensive due diligence review that may encompass, as applicable and among other things, meetings with incumbent management and
 employees, document reviews, interviews of customers and suppliers, inspection of facilities and a review of financial and other information about the target and its industry. We will also utilize our management team s operational and capital
 planning experience. If we determine to move forward with a particular target, we will proceed to structure and negotiate the terms of the business combination transaction.

The time required to select and evaluate a target business and to structure and complete our initial business combination, and the costs associated with this process, are not currently
 ascertainable with any degree of certainty. Any costs incurred with respect to the identification and evaluation of, and negotiation with, a prospective target business with which our initial business combination is not ultimately completed will
 result in our incurring losses and will reduce the funds we can use to complete another business combination. In addition, we have agreed not to enter into a definitive agreement regarding an initial business combination without the prior consent
 of our sponsor.

Lack of Business Diversification

For an indefinite period of time after the completion of our initial business combination, the prospects for our success may depend entirely on the future performance of a single business. Unlike
 other entities that have the resources to complete business combinations with multiple entities in one or several industries, it is probable that we will not have the resources to diversify our operations and mitigate the risks of being in a single
 line of business. By completing our initial business combination with only a single entity, our lack of diversification may:

subject us to negative economic, competitive and regulatory developments, any or all of which may have a substantial adverse impact on the particular industry in which we operate after our initial business combination; and

cause us to depend on the marketing and sale of a single product or limited number of products or services.

Limited Ability to Evaluate the Target s Management Team

Although we intend to closely scrutinize the management of a prospective target business when evaluating the desirability of effecting our initial business combination with that business, our
 assessment of the target business s management may not prove to be correct. In addition, the future management may not have the necessary skills, qualifications or abilities to manage a public company. Furthermore, the future role of members of our
 management team, if any, in the target business cannot presently be stated with any certainty. The determination as to whether any of the members of our management team will remain with the combined company will be made at the time of our initial
 business combination. While it is possible that one or more of our directors will remain associated in some capacity with us following our initial business combination, it is unlikely that any of them will devote their full efforts to our affairs
 subsequent to our initial business combination. Moreover, we cannot assure you that members of our management team will have significant experience or knowledge relating to the operations of the particular target business.

We cannot assure you that any of our key personnel will remain in senior management or advisory positions with the combined company. The determination as to whether any of our key personnel will
 remain with the combined company will be made at the time of our initial business combination.

Following a business combination, we may seek to recruit additional managers to supplement the incumbent management of the target business. We cannot assure you that we will have the ability to
 recruit additional managers, or that additional managers will have the requisite skills, knowledge or experience necessary to enhance the incumbent management.

13 

Table of Contents 

Shareholders May Not Have the Ability to Approve Our Initial Business Combination

We may conduct redemptions without a shareholder vote pursuant to the tender offer rules of the SEC, subject to the provisions of our Articles. However, we will seek shareholder approval if it is
 required by applicable law or stock exchange listing requirement, or we may decide to seek shareholder approval for business or other reasons.

Under the Nasdaq s listing rules, shareholder approval would typically be required for our initial business combination if, for example:

We issue ordinary shares that will be equal to or in excess of 20 of the number of our ordinary shares then-outstanding (other than in a public offering);

Any of our directors, officers or substantial security holder (as defined by the Nasdaq rules) has a 5 or greater interest, directly or indirectly, in the target business or assets to be acquired or otherwise and the present or
 potential issuance of ordinary shares could result in an increase in issued and outstanding ordinary shares or voting power of 1 or more (or 5 or more if the related party involved is classified as such solely because such person is a
 substantial security holder); or

The issuance or potential issuance of ordinary shares will result in our undergoing a change of control.

The decision as to whether we will seek shareholder approval of a proposed business combination in those instances in which shareholder approval is not required by law will be made by us, solely in
 our discretion, and will be based on business and reasons, which include a variety of factors, including, but not limited to:

the timing of the transaction, including in the event we determine shareholder approval would require additional time and there is either not enough time to seek shareholder approval or doing so would place the company at a disadvantage
 in the transaction or result in other additional burdens on the company;

the expected cost of holding a shareholder vote;

the risk that the shareholders would fail to approve the proposed business combination;

other time and budget constraints of the company; and

additional legal complexities of a proposed business combination that would be time-consuming and burdensome to present to shareholders.

Permitted Purchases and Other Transactions with Respect to Our Securities

If we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our
 sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates may purchase public shares or warrants in privately negotiated transactions or in the open market either prior to or following the completion of our initial business combination.
 Additionally, at any time at or prior to our initial business combination, subject to applicable securities laws (including with respect to material nonpublic information), our sponsor, directors, executive officers, advisors or their affiliates
 may enter into transactions with investors and others to provide them with incentives to acquire public shares, vote their public shares in favor of our initial business combination or not redeem their public shares. However, they have no current
 commitments, plans or intentions to engage in such transactions and have not formulated any terms or conditions for any such transactions. None of the funds in the Trust Account will be used to purchase public shares or warrants in such
 transactions. If they engage in such transactions, they will be restricted from making any such purchases when they are in possession of any material non-public information not disclosed to the seller or if such purchases are prohibited by
 Regulation M under the Exchange Act.

In the event that our sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates purchase shares in privately negotiated transactions from public shareholders who have already elected to exercise
 their redemption rights or submitted a proxy to vote against our initial business combination, such selling shareholders would be required to revoke their prior elections to redeem their shares and any proxy to vote against our initial business
 combination. We do not currently anticipate that such purchases, if any, would constitute a tender offer subject to the tender offer rules under the Exchange Act or a going-private transaction subject to the going-private rules under the Exchange
 Act; however, if the purchasers determine at the time of any such purchases that the purchases are subject to such rules, the purchasers will be required to comply with such rules.

The purpose of any such transaction could be to (i) vote in favor of the business combination and thereby increase the likelihood of obtaining shareholder approval of the business combination, (ii)
 reduce the number of public warrants outstanding or vote such warrants on any matters submitted to the warrant holders for approval in connection with our initial business combination or (iii) satisfy a closing condition in an agreement with a
 target that requires us to have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash at the closing of our initial business combination, where it appears that such requirement would otherwise not be met. Any such purchases of our securities may result
 in the completion of our initial business combination that may not otherwise have been possible.

14 

Table of Contents 

In addition, if such purchases are made, the public float of our Class A ordinary shares or public warrants may be reduced and the number of beneficial holders of our securities may be reduced,
 which may make it difficult to maintain or obtain the quotation, listing or trading of our securities on a national securities exchange.

Our sponsor, officers, directors and/or their affiliates anticipate that they may identify the shareholders with whom our sponsor, officers, directors or their affiliates may pursue privately
 negotiated transactions by either the shareholders contacting us directly or by our receipt of redemption requests submitted by shareholders (in the case of Class A ordinary shares) following our mailing of tender offer or proxy materials in
 connection with our initial business combination. To the extent that our sponsor, officers, directors, advisors or their affiliates enter into a private transaction, they would identify and contact only potential selling or redeeming shareholders
 who have expressed their election to redeem their shares for a pro rata share of the Trust Account or vote against our initial business combination, whether or not such shareholder has already submitted a proxy with respect to our initial business
 combination but only if such shares have not already been voted at the general meeting related to our initial business combination. Our sponsor, executive officers, directors, advisors or their affiliates will select which shareholders to purchase
 shares from based on the negotiated price and number of shares and any other factors that they may deem relevant, and will be restricted from purchasing shares if such purchases do not comply with Regulation M under the Exchange Act and the other
 federal securities laws.

Our sponsor, officers, directors and/or their affiliates will be restricted from making purchases of shares if the purchases would violate Section 9(a)(2) or Rule 10b-5 of the Exchange Act. We
 expect any such purchases would be reported by such person pursuant to Section 13 and Section 16 of the Exchange Act to the extent such purchasers are subject to such reporting requirements.

Redemption Rights for Public Shareholders upon the Completion of Our Initial Business Combination

We will provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their Class A ordinary shares upon the completion of our initial business combination at a per-share
 price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account calculated as of two business days prior to the consummation of the initial business combination, including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust
 Account and not previously released to us to pay our income taxes, if any, divided by the number of then-outstanding public shares, subject to the limitations described herein. The per-share amount we will distribute to investors who properly
 redeem their shares will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commissions we will pay to the underwriters. The redemption rights will include the requirement that a beneficial holder must identify itself in order to validly redeem its
 shares. There will be no redemption rights upon the completion of our initial business combination with respect to our warrants. Further, we will not proceed with redeeming our public shares, even if a public shareholder has properly elected to
 redeem its shares, if a business combination does not close. Our sponsor and each member of our management team have entered into an agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to any founder
 shares and public shares held by them in connection with (i) the completion of our initial business combination and (ii) a shareholder vote to approve an amendment to our Articles (A) that would modify the substance or timing of our obligation to
 provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within the
 Extension Period and (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares.

Limitations on Redemptions

Our Articles provide that in no event, in connection with the approval of our initial business combination, will we redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to
 be less than 5,000,001 (so that we do not then become subject to the SEC s penny stock rules). However, the proposed business combination may require: (i) cash consideration to be paid to the target or its owners, (ii) cash to be transferred to
 the target for working capital or other general corporate purposes or (iii) the retention of cash to satisfy other conditions in accordance with the terms of the proposed business combination. In the event the aggregate cash consideration we would
 be required to pay for all Class A ordinary shares that are validly submitted for redemption plus any amount required to satisfy cash conditions pursuant to the terms of the proposed business combination exceed the aggregate amount of cash
 available to us, we will not complete the business combination or redeem any shares, and all Class A ordinary shares submitted for redemption will be returned to the holders thereof.

15 

Table of Contents 

Manner of Conducting Redemptions

We will provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their Class A ordinary shares upon the completion of our initial business combination either (i) in
 connection with a general meeting called to approve the business combination or (ii) by means of a tender offer. The decision as to whether we will seek shareholder approval of a proposed business combination or conduct a tender offer will be made
 by us, solely in our discretion, and will be based on a variety of factors such as the timing of the transaction and whether the terms of the transaction would require us to seek shareholder approval under applicable law or stock exchange listing
 requirement or whether we were deemed to be a foreign private issuer (which would require a tender offer rather than seeking shareholder approval under SEC rules). Asset acquisitions and share purchases would not typically require shareholder
 approval while direct mergers with our company where we do not survive and any transactions where we issue more than 20 of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares or seek to amend our Articles would typically require shareholder approval. We
 currently intend to conduct redemptions in connection with a shareholder vote unless shareholder approval is not required by applicable law or stock exchange listing requirement or we choose to conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules
 of the SEC for business or other reasons. So long as we obtain and maintain a listing for our securities on the Nasdaq, we will be required to comply with the Nasdaq rules.

If we held a shareholder vote to approve our initial business combination, we will, pursuant to our Articles:

conduct the redemptions in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act, which regulates the solicitation of proxies, and not pursuant to the tender offer rules; and

file proxy materials with the SEC.

In the event that we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination, we will distribute proxy materials and, in connection therewith, provide our public shareholders with the
 redemption rights described above upon the completion of the initial business combination.

If we seek shareholder approval, we will complete our initial business combination only if we obtain the approval of an ordinary resolution under Cayman Islands law, which requires the affirmative
 vote of a majority of the shareholders who attend and vote at a general meeting of the Company. In such case, our sponsor and each member of our management team have agreed to vote their founder shares and Class A ordinary shares held by the
 founders in favor of our initial business combination. As of January 31, 2023, our sponsor owns, on an as-converted basis, 95 of our outstanding ordinary shares. Therefore, we would not need any of the 256,984 public shares issued and outstanding
 (assuming all issued and outstanding shares are voted or assuming only the minimum number of shares representing a quorum are voted) to be voted in favor of an initial business combination in order to have such initial business combination
 approved. Our directors and officers have entered into an agreement, imposing the obligation on them to vote in favor of our initial business combination, including the Business Combination Agreement with respect to our initial purchaser s founder
 shares and Class A ordinary shares acquired by them. We expect that our initial shareholders and their permitted transferees will own at least 5 of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares at the time of any such shareholder vote. Accordingly,
 if we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination, it is more likely that the necessary shareholder approval will be received than would be the case if such persons agreed to vote their founder shares in accordance with the
 majority of the votes cast by our public shareholders.

Each public shareholder may elect to redeem their public shares irrespective of whether they vote for or against the proposed transaction or vote at all. Our sponsor and each member of our
 management team have also entered into an agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to any founder shares and public shares held by them in connection with (i) the completion of a business
 combination and (ii) a shareholder vote to approve an amendment to our Articles (A) that would modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection
 with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within the Extension Period (or such later date as may be approved by our shareholders) or (B) with respect to any
 other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares.

If we conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules of the SEC, we will, pursuant to our Articles:

conduct the redemptions pursuant to Rule 13e-4 and Regulation 14E of the Exchange Act, which regulate issuer tender offers; and

file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing our initial business combination which contain substantially the same financial and other information about the initial business combination and the redemption rights as is
 required under Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act, which regulates the solicitation of proxies.

16 

Table of Contents 

Upon the public announcement of our initial business combination, if we elect to conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules, we and our sponsor will terminate any plan established in
 accordance with Rule 10b5-1 to purchase Class A ordinary shares in the open market, in order to comply with Rule 14e-5 under the Exchange Act.

In the event we conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules, our offer to redeem will remain open for at least 20 business days, in accordance with Rule 14e-1(a) under the Exchange Act,
 and we will not be permitted to complete our initial business combination until the expiration of the tender offer period. In addition, the tender offer will be conditioned on public shareholders not tendering more than the number of public shares
 we are permitted to redeem. If public shareholders tender more shares than we have offered to purchase, we will withdraw the tender offer and not complete such initial business combination.

Limitation on Redemption upon the completion of Our Initial Business Combination If We Seek Shareholder Approval

If we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, then,
 pursuant to our Articles, a public shareholder, together with any affiliate of such shareholder or any other person with whom such shareholder is acting in concert or as a group (as defined under Section 13 of the Exchange Act), will be
 restricted from redeeming its shares with respect to more than an aggregate of 15 of the Public Shares, which we refer to as Excess Shares, without our prior consent. We believe this restriction will discourage shareholders from accumulating
 large blocks of shares, and subsequent attempts by such holders to use their ability to exercise their redemption rights against a proposed business combination as a means to force us or our management to purchase their shares at a significant
 premium to the then-current market price or on other undesirable terms. Absent this provision, a public shareholder holding more than an aggregate of 15 of the Public Shares could threaten to exercise its redemption rights if such holder s shares
 are not purchased by us, our sponsor or our management at a premium to the then-current market price or on other undesirable terms. By limiting our shareholders ability to redeem no more than 15 of the Public Shares without our prior consent, we
 believe we will limit the ability of a small group of shareholders to unreasonably attempt to block our ability to complete our initial business combination, particularly in connection with a business combination with a target that requires as a
 closing condition that we have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash.

However, we would not be restricting our shareholders ability to vote all of their shares (including Excess Shares) for or against our initial business combination.

Tendering Share Certificates in Connection with a Tender Offer or Redemption Rights

Public shareholders seeking to exercise their redemption rights, whether they are record holders or hold their shares in street name, will be required to either tender their certificates (if any)
 to our transfer agent prior to the date set forth in the proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable, mailed to such holders, or to deliver their shares to the transfer agent electronically using The Depository Trust Company s DWAC
 (Deposit / Withdrawal At Custodian) System, at the holder s option, in each case up to two business days prior to the initially scheduled vote to approve the business combination. The proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable,
 that we will furnish to holders of our public shares in connection with our initial business combination will indicate the applicable delivery requirements, which will include the requirement that a beneficial holder must identify itself in order
 to validly redeem its shares. Accordingly, a public shareholder would have from the time we send out our tender offer materials until the close of the tender offer period, or up to two business days prior to the initially scheduled vote on the
 proposal to approve the business combination if we distribute proxy materials, as applicable, to tender its shares if it wishes to seek to exercise its redemption rights. Given the relatively short period in which to exercise redemption rights, it
 is advisable for shareholders to use electronic delivery of their public shares.

There is a nominal cost associated with the above-referenced tendering process and the act of certificating the shares or delivering them through the DWAC System. The transfer agent will typically
 charge the tendering broker a fee of approximately 80.00 and it would be up to the broker whether or not to pass this cost on to the redeeming holder. However, this fee would be incurred regardless of whether or not we require holders seeking to
 exercise redemption rights to tender their shares. The need to deliver shares is a requirement of exercising redemption rights regardless of the timing of when such delivery must be effectuated.

The foregoing is different from the procedures used by many blank check companies. In order to perfect redemption rights in connection with their business combinations, many blank check companies
 would distribute proxy materials for the shareholders vote on an initial business combination, and a holder could simply vote against a proposed business combination and check a box on the proxy card indicating such holder was seeking to exercise
 his or her redemption rights. After the business combination was approved, the company would contact such shareholder to arrange for him or her to deliver his or her certificate to verify ownership. As a result, the shareholder then had an option
 window after the completion of the business combination during which he or she could monitor the price of the company s shares in the market. If the price rose above the redemption price, he or she could sell his or her shares in the open market
 before actually delivering his or her shares to the company for cancellation. As a result, the redemption rights, to which shareholders were aware they needed to commit before the general meeting, would become option rights surviving past the
 completion of the business combination until the redeeming holder delivered its certificate. The requirement for physical or electronic delivery prior to the meeting ensures that a redeeming shareholder s election to redeem is irrevocable once the
 business combination is approved. 

17 

Table of Contents 

Any request to redeem such shares, once made, may be withdrawn at any time up to two business days prior to the initially scheduled vote on the proposal to approve the business combination, unless
 otherwise agreed to by us. Furthermore, if a holder of a public share delivered its certificate in connection with an election of redemption rights and subsequently decides prior to the applicable date not to elect to exercise such rights, such
 holder may simply request that the transfer agent return the certificate (physically or electronically). It is anticipated that the funds to be distributed to holders of our public shares electing to redeem their shares will be distributed promptly
 after the completion of our initial business combination.

If our initial business combination is not approved or completed for any reason, then our public shareholders who elected to exercise their redemption rights would not be entitled to redeem their
 shares for the applicable pro rata share of the Trust Account. In such case, we will promptly return any certificates delivered by public holders who elected to redeem their shares.

If our initial proposed business combination is not completed, we may continue to try to complete a business combination with a different target until the Extension Period (or such later date as
 may be approved by our shareholders).

Redemption of Public Shares and Liquidation If No Initial Business Combination

Our Articles provide that we will have until the end of the Extension Period (or such later date as may be approved by our shareholders) to consummate an initial business combination. If we have
 not consummated an initial business combination within the Extension Period, we will: (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up; (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the
 public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to us to pay our income taxes, if
 any (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses) divided by the number of the then-outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive
 further liquidation distributions, if any); and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining shareholders and our board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in each case to
 our obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. There will be no redemption rights or liquidating distributions with respect to our warrants, which will expire worthless if
 we fail to consummate an initial business combination within the Extension Period. Our Articles provide that, if we wind up for any other reason prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, we will follow the foregoing procedures
 with respect to the liquidation of the Trust Account as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, subject to applicable Cayman Islands law.

Our sponsor and each member of our management team have entered into an agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the Trust
 Account with respect to any founder shares they hold if we fail to consummate an initial business combination within the Extension Period (or such later date as may be approved by our shareholders), although they will be entitled to liquidating
 distributions from the Trust Account with respect to any public shares they hold if we fail to complete our initial business combination within the prescribed timeframe.

Our sponsor, officers and directors have agreed, pursuant to a written agreement with us, that they will not propose any amendment to our Articles (A) that would modify the substance or timing of
 our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business
 combination within the Extension Period (or such later date as may be approved by our shareholders) or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares, unless we provide our public
 shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their Class A shares upon approval of any such amendment at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest earned on the funds
 held in the Trust Account and not previously released to us to pay our income taxes, if any, divided by the number of the then-outstanding public shares, subject to the limitations described herein. However, in connection with the approval of our
 initial business combination, we may not redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 (so that we do not then become subject to the SEC s penny stock rules).

18 

Table of Contents 

We expect that all costs and expenses associated with implementing our plan of dissolution, as well as payments to any creditors, will be funded from amounts remaining held outside the Trust
 Account plus up to 100,000 of funds from the Trust Account available to us to pay dissolution expenses, although we cannot assure you that there will be sufficient funds for such purpose.

If we were to expend all of the net proceeds of our IPO and the sale of the private placement warrants, other than the proceeds deposited in the Trust Account, and without taking into account
 interest, if any, earned on the Trust Account, the per-share redemption amount received by shareholders upon our dissolution would be 10.89. The proceeds deposited in the Trust Account could, however, become subject to the claims of our creditors
 which would have higher priority than the claims of our public shareholders. We cannot assure you that the actual per-share redemption amount received by shareholders will not be less than 10.89. While we intend to pay such amounts, if any, we
 cannot assure you that we will have funds sufficient to pay or provide for all creditors claims.

Although we will seek to have all vendors, service providers, prospective target businesses and other entities with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right, title,
 interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the Trust Account for the benefit of our public shareholders, there is no guarantee that they will execute such agreements or even if they execute such agreements that they would be
 prevented from bringing claims against the Trust Account including, but not limited to, fraudulent inducement, breach of fiduciary responsibility or other similar claims, as well as claims challenging the enforceability of the waiver, in each case
 in order to gain an advantage with respect to a claim against our assets, including the funds held in the Trust Account. If any third party refuses to execute an agreement waiving such claims to the monies held in the Trust Account, our management
 will perform an analysis of the alternatives available to it and will only enter into an agreement with a third party that has not executed a waiver if management believes that such third party s engagement would be significantly more beneficial to
 us than any alternative. Examples of possible instances where we may engage a third party that refuses to execute a waiver include the engagement of a third-party consultant whose particular expertise or skills are believed by management to be
 significantly superior to those of other consultants that would agree to execute a waiver or in cases where management is unable to find a service provider willing to execute a waiver. In addition, there is no guarantee that such entities will
 agree to waive any claims they may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of, any negotiations, contracts or agreements with us and will not seek recourse against the Trust Account for any reason. In order to protect the amounts held in
 the Trust Account, our sponsor has agreed that it will be liable to us if and to the extent any claims by a third party for services rendered or products sold to us (other than our independent registered public accounting firm), or a prospective
 target business with which we have discussed entering into a transaction agreement, reduce the amounts in the Trust Account to below the lesser of (i) 10.89 per public share and (ii) the actual amount per public share held in the Trust Account as
 of the date of the liquidation of the Trust Account if less than 10.89 per public share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case net of the interest that may be withdrawn to pay our tax obligations, provided that such liability will not apply to any claims by a third party or prospective target business that executed a waiver of any and all rights to seek access to the Trust Account nor will it apply to any claims under our
 indemnity of the underwriters or our IPO against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. In the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third party, our sponsor will not be responsible to
 the extent of any liability for such third-party claims. However, we have not asked our sponsor to reserve for such indemnification obligations, nor have we independently verified whether our sponsor has sufficient funds to satisfy its indemnity
 obligations and we believe that our sponsor s only assets are securities of our company. Therefore, we cannot assure you that our sponsor would be able to satisfy those obligations. None of our officers or directors will indemnify us for claims by
 third parties including, without limitation, claims by vendors and prospective target businesses.

In the event that the proceeds in the Trust Account are reduced below the lesser of (i) 10.89 per public share and (ii) the actual amount per public share held in the Trust Account as of the date
 of the liquidation of the Trust Account if less than 10.89 per public share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case net of the amount of interest which may be withdrawn to pay our income tax obligations, and our sponsor
 asserts that it is unable to satisfy its indemnification obligations or that it has no indemnification obligations related to a particular claim, our independent directors would determine whether to take legal action against our sponsor to enforce
 its indemnification obligations. While we currently expect that our independent directors would take legal action on our behalf against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations to us, it is possible that our independent directors in
 exercising their business judgment may choose not to do so in any particular instance. Accordingly, we cannot assure you that due to claims of creditors the actual value of the per-share redemption price will not be less than 10.89 per public
 share.

We will seek to reduce the possibility that our sponsor will have to indemnify the Trust Account due to claims of creditors by endeavoring to have all vendors, service providers, prospective target
 businesses or other entities with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to monies held in the Trust Account. Our sponsor will also not be liable as to any claims under our
 indemnity of the underwriters of our IPO against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. As of January 31, 2023, we have access to up to approximately 89,858 from funds held outside the Trust Account to pay any such
 potential claims.

19 

Table of Contents 

In the event that we liquidate and it is subsequently determined that the reserve for claims and liabilities is insufficient, shareholders who received funds from our Trust Account could be liable
 for claims made by creditors, however such liability will not be greater than the amount of funds from our Trust Account received by any such shareholder.

If we file a bankruptcy or winding-up petition or an involuntary bankruptcy or winding-up petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, the proceeds held in the Trust Account could be subject
 to applicable bankruptcy or insolvency law, and may be included in our bankruptcy estate and subject to the claims of third parties with priority over the claims of our shareholders. To the extent any bankruptcy claims deplete the Trust Account, we
 cannot assure you we will be able to return 10.89 per public share to our public shareholders. Additionally, if we file a bankruptcy or winding-up petition or an involuntary bankruptcy or winding-up petition is filed against us that is not
 dismissed, any distributions received by shareholders could be viewed under applicable debtor/creditor and/or bankruptcy or insolvency laws as either a preferential transfer or a fraudulent conveyance. As a result, a bankruptcy or insolvency
 court could seek to recover some or all amounts received by our shareholders. Furthermore, our board of directors may be viewed as having breached its fiduciary duty to our creditors and/or may have acted in bad faith, and thereby exposing itself
 and our company to claims of punitive damages, by paying public shareholders from the Trust Account prior to addressing the claims of creditors. We cannot assure you that claims will not be brought against us for these reasons.

Our public shareholders will be entitled to receive funds from the Trust Account only (i) in the event of the redemption of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination
 within the Extension Period (or such later date as may be approved by our shareholders), (ii) in connection with a shareholder vote to amend our Articles (A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A
 ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within the Extension Period or (B) with
 respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares, or (iii) if they redeem their respective shares for cash upon the completion of the initial business combination. Public shareholders who redeem their
 Class A ordinary shares in connection with a shareholder vote described in clause (ii) in the preceding sentence shall not be entitled to funds from the Trust Account upon the subsequent completion of an initial business combination or liquidation
 if we have not consummated an initial business combination within the Extension Period, with respect to such Class A ordinary shares so redeemed. In no other circumstances will a shareholder have any right or interest of any kind to or in the Trust
 Account. In the event we seek shareholder approval in connection with our initial business combination, a shareholder s voting in connection with the business combination alone will not result in a shareholder s redeeming its shares to us for an
 applicable pro rata share of the Trust Account. Such shareholder must have also exercised its redemption rights described above. These provisions of our Articles, like all provisions of our Articles, may be amended with a shareholder vote.

Competition

In identifying, evaluating and selecting a target business for our initial business combination, we may encounter intense competition from other entities having a business objective similar to
 ours, including other blank check companies, private equity groups and leveraged buyout funds, public companies and operating businesses seeking strategic acquisitions. Many of these entities are well established and have extensive experience
 identifying and effecting business combinations directly or through affiliates. Moreover, many of these competitors possess greater financial, technical, human and other resources than us. Our ability to acquire larger target businesses will be
 limited by our available financial resources. This inherent limitation gives others an advantage in pursuing the acquisition of a target business. Furthermore, our obligation to pay cash in connection with our public shareholders who exercise their
 redemption rights may reduce the resources available to us for our initial business combination and our outstanding warrants, and the future dilution they potentially represent, may not be viewed favorably by certain target businesses. Either of
 these factors may place us at a competitive disadvantage in successfully negotiating an initial business combination.

Facilities

We currently maintain our executive offices at 981 Davis Dr NW, Atlanta, GA 30327. Our office space is currently included in the 10,000 per month fee we pay to our sponsor for office space,
 administrative and support services pursuant to the Administrative Services Agreement. We consider our current office space adequate for our current operations.

Employees

We currently have five executive officers. Members of our management team are not obligated to devote any specific number of hours to our matters but they intend to devote as much of their time as
 they deem necessary to our affairs until we have completed our initial business combination. The amount of time they will devote in any time period will vary based the stage of the business combination process we are in.

20 

Table of Contents 

Periodic Reporting and Financial Information

We have registered our Units, Class A ordinary shares and warrants under the Exchange Act and have reporting obligations, including the requirement that we file annual, quarterly and current
 reports with the SEC. In accordance with the requirements of the Exchange Act, our annual reports will contain financial statements audited and reported on by our independent registered public accountants.

We will provide shareholders with audited financial statements of the prospective target business as part of the proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable, sent to shareholders.
 These financial statements may be required to be prepared in accordance with, or reconciled to, GAAP, or IFRS, depending on the circumstances, and the historical financial statements may be required to be audited in accordance with the standards of
 the PCAOB. These financial statement requirements may limit the pool of potential target businesses we may acquire because some targets may be unable to provide such statements in time for us to disclose such statements in accordance with federal
 proxy rules and complete our initial business combination within the prescribed timeframe. We cannot assure you that any particular target business identified by us as a potential acquisition candidate will have financial statements prepared in
 accordance with the requirements outlined above, or that the potential target business will be able to prepare its financial statements in accordance with the requirements outlined above. To the extent that these requirements cannot be met, we may
 not be able to acquire the proposed target business. While this may limit the pool of potential acquisition candidates, we do not believe that this limitation will be material.

We are required to evaluate our internal control procedures under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. Based on our assessment, we identified a material weakness in the design and operation of our internal
 control over financial reporting because we did not maintain adequate controls over the classification and presentation of the statement of cash flows, specifically the classification of the purchase of marketable securities as operating activities
 instead of investing activities. Based on this evaluation, our management has determined that our internal control over financial reporting was not effective as of December 31, 2022. For additional information please see Item 9A. Controls and
 Procedures.

Only in the event we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer or an accelerated filer and no longer qualify as an emerging growth company will we be required to comply with the independent
 registered public accounting firm attestation requirement on our internal control over financial reporting. A target business may not be in compliance with the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act regarding adequacy of their internal controls.

The development of the internal controls of any such entity to achieve compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may increase the time and costs necessary to complete any such acquisition.

We are a Cayman Islands exempted company. Exempted companies are Cayman Islands companies conducting business mainly outside the Cayman Islands and, as such, are exempted from complying with
 certain provisions of the Companies Act. As an exempted company, we have applied for and received, a tax exemption undertaking from the Cayman Islands government that, in accordance with Section 6 of the Tax Concessions Act (2018 Revision) of the
 Cayman Islands, for a period of 20 years from the date of the undertaking, no law which is enacted in the Cayman Islands imposing any tax to be levied on profits, income, gains or appreciations will apply to us or our operations and, in addition,
 that no tax to be levied on profits, income, gains or appreciations or which is in the nature of estate duty or inheritance tax will be payable (i) on or in respect of our shares, debentures or other obligations or (ii) by way of the withholding in
 whole or in part of a payment of dividend or other distribution of income or capital by us to our shareholders or a payment of principal or interest or other sums due under a debenture or other obligation of us.

Legal Proceedings

There is no material litigation, arbitration or governmental proceeding currently pending against us or any members of our management team in their capacity as such.

Item 1A. 

Risk Factors.

An investment in our securities involves a high degree of risk. In connection with any actual or proposed investment in our securities, you should consider carefully all of the
 risks described below, together with the other information contained in this Annual Report. If any of the following risks occur, our business, financial condition or results may be materially and adversely affected. In that event, the trading price
 of our securities could decline, and you could lose all or part of your investment. The risk factors described below are not necessarily exhaustive and you are encouraged to perform your own investigation with respect to us and our business.

Although we have entered into the Business Combination Agreement and currently intend to consummate our initial business combination with Prize (as discussed in Part I, Item 1.
 Business of this Annual Report), we have not yet consummated the Business Combination. Accordingly, many of the risks set forth below are relevant to the consummation of the Business Combination with Prize, and certain risks will be relevant if,
 for any reason, we do not consummate the Business Combination with Prize and are required to seek a new target business with which to consummate our initial business combination. You should therefore carefully consider all of the risks described
 below, despite the fact that we currently intend to consummate our initial business combination with Prize. Risks related to the business of Prize will be included in the proxy statement/prospectus filed in connection with seeking shareholder
 approval of the Business Combination with Prize.

21 

Table of Contents 

Summary Risk Factors

We have no operating history and no revenues, and you have no basis on which to evaluate our ability to achieve our business objective.

Management has performed an analysis of our ability to continue as a going concern and has identified substantial doubt about our ability to
 continue as a going concern. 

Our shareholders may not be afforded an opportunity to vote on our proposed initial business combination, which means we may complete our initial business combination even though a majority of our shareholders do not support such a
 combination.

Your only opportunity to affect the investment decision regarding a potential business combination may be limited to the exercise of your right to redeem your shares for cash which no assurance can be given will put you in a better
 future economic position.

If we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination, our sponsor and members of our management team have agreed to vote in favor of such initial business combination, regardless of how our public shareholders vote.

As the number of SPACs evaluating targets increases, attractive targets may become scarcer and there may be more competition for attractive targets. This could increase the cost of our initial business combination and could even result
 in our inability to find a target or to consummate an initial business combination.

Changes in the market for directors and officers liability insurance could make it more difficult and more expensive for us to negotiate and complete an initial business combination.

The ability of our public shareholders to redeem their shares for cash may make our financial condition unattractive to potential business combination targets, which may make it difficult for us to enter into a business combination
 agreement or consummate an initial business combination.

The ability of our public shareholders to exercise redemption rights with respect to a large number of our shares may not allow us to complete the most desirable business combination or optimize our capital structure and could increase
 the probability that our initial business combination would be unsuccessful and that you would have to wait for liquidation in order to redeem your shares.

The requirement that we consummate an initial business combination within the Extension Period (or such later date as approved by our shareholders) may give potential target businesses leverage over us in negotiating a business
 combination and may limit the time we have in which to conduct due diligence on potential business combination targets which could undermine our ability to complete our initial business combination on terms that would produce value for our
 shareholders.

Our search for a business combination, and any target business with which we ultimately consummate a business combination, may be materially adversely affected by the coronavirus (COVID-19) outbreak, the global economy, financial markets
 or otherwise resulting from the conflict in Ukraine or any other geopolitical tensions.

We may not be able to consummate our initial business combination with Prize within the Extension Period, in which case (unless such date is extended by our shareholders) we would cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up
 and we would redeem our public shares and liquidate.

We have identified a material a material weakness in our internal controls over financial reporting and if we are unable to remediate the material weakness in a timely manner or if we experience additional material weaknesses in the
 future, we may not be able to accurately or timely report our financial condition or results of operations.

If we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination, our sponsor, initial shareholders, directors, officers, advisors and their affiliates may elect to purchase public shares or warrants, which may influence a vote on a
 proposed business combination and reduce the public float of our Class A ordinary shares or public warrants.

Provisions in our Articles may inhibit a takeover of us, which could limit the price investors might be willing to pay in the future for our Class A ordinary shares and could entrench management.

The warrants may become exercisable and redeemable for a security other than the Class A ordinary shares, and you will not have any information regarding such other security at this time.

Unlike some other similarly structured blank check companies, our sponsor will receive additional Class A ordinary shares if we issue shares to consummate an initial business combination.

We may engage one or more of our underwriters or one of their respective affiliates to provide additional services to us, which may include acting as financial advisor in connection with an initial business combination or as placement
 agent in connection with a related financing transaction. Our underwriters are entitled to receive deferred underwriting commissions that will be released from the Trust Account only upon a completion of an initial business combination.
 These financial incentives may cause them to have potential conflicts of interest in rendering any such additional services to us after this offering, including, for example, in connection with the sourcing and consummation of an initial
 business combination.

22 

Table of Contents 

We may reincorporate in another jurisdiction in connection with our initial business combination, and the laws of such jurisdiction may govern some or all of our future material agreements and we may not be able to enforce our legal
 rights.

After our initial business combination, substantially all of our assets may be located in a foreign country and substantially all of our revenue may be derived from our operations in any such country. Accordingly, our results of
 operations and prospects will be subject, to a significant extent, to the economic, political and social conditions and government policies, developments and conditions in the country in which we operate.

The Business Combination may not be completed in a timely manner, or at all, which may adversely affect the price of our ordinary shares.

We may not be able to satisfy the conditions required to consummate the Business Combination or the post-combination business may be undercapitalized following the Business Combination if we are unable to complete a PIPE (as defined
 below) transaction.

Our shareholders will experience immediate dilution as a consequence of the issuance of PubCo ordinary shares as consideration for the Business Combination and future sales of PubCo ordinary shares may cause the market for PubCo ordinary
 shares to drop significantly, even if the business is doing well.

Litigation or legal proceedings could expose any of Rose Hill, Prize and, following the consummation of the Business Combination, PubCo, to significant liabilities which may exceed estimates or assessments of the costs and may, in the
 case of PubCo, be excluded from covered by insurance.

We may be the target of securities class action and derivative lawsuits, which could expose Rose Hill or Prize to substantial costs and impact Rose Hill or Prizes liquidity and financial condition.

We may be, or PubCo may become, a passive foreign investment company PFIC ), which could result in adverse U.S. federal income tax consequences to U.S. Holders.

If a shareholder fails to receive notice of our offer to redeem our public shares in connection with our initial business combination, or fails to comply with the procedures for tendering its shares, such shares may not be redeemed.

You will not have any rights or interests in funds from the Trust Account, except under certain limited circumstances. Therefore, to liquidate your investment, you may be forced to sell your public shares or warrants, potentially at a
 loss.

Nasdaq may delist our securities from trading on its exchange, which could limit investors ability to make transactions in our securities and subject us to additional trading restrictions. In addition, there can be no assurance that the
 PubCo ordinary shares will be approved for listing on Nasdaq which may make it more difficult for investors to sell the securities or obtain accurate quotations as to the market value of such securities.

You will not be entitled to protections normally afforded to investors of many other blank check companies.

Because of our limited resources and the significant competition for business combination opportunities, it may be more difficult for us to complete our initial business combination. If we have not consummated our initial business
 combination within the required time period, our public shareholders may receive only approximately 10.89 per public share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our Trust Account and our warrants will expire worthless.

If the net proceeds from the offering and the sale of the private placement warrants not being held in the Trust Account are insufficient to allow us to operate for the Extension Period (or such later date as may be approved by our
 shareholders), it could limit the amount available to fund our search for a target business or businesses and our ability to complete our initial business combination, and we will depend on loans from our sponsor, its affiliates or members
 of our management team to fund our search and to complete our initial business combination.

Because we are incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands, you may face difficulties in protecting your interests, and your ability to protect your rights through the U.S. federal courts may be limited.

23 

Table of Contents 

Risks Relating to our Search for, Consummation of, or Inability to Consummate, a Business Combination and Post-Business Combination Risks

We are a company with no operating history and no revenues, and you have no basis on which to evaluate our ability to achieve our business objective.

We are a company with operations limited to pursuing and reviewing potential opportunities for our initial business combination. Because we lack an operating history, you have no basis upon which
 to evaluate our ability to achieve our business objective of completing our initial business combination with one or more target businesses. If we fail to complete our initial business combination, we will never generate any operating revenues.

Our shareholders may not be afforded an opportunity to vote on our proposed initial business combination, which means we may complete our initial business combination even
 though a majority of our shareholders do not support such a combination.

Although we currently intend to hold a shareholder vote to approve the Business Combination with Prize, we may choose not to hold a shareholder vote before we complete our initial business
 combination if the business combination would not require shareholder approval under applicable law or stock exchange listing requirement. For instance, if we were seeking to acquire a target business where the consideration we were paying in the
 transaction was all cash, we would typically not be required to seek shareholder approval to complete such a transaction. Except for as required by applicable law or stock exchange listing requirement, the decision as to whether we will seek
 shareholder approval of a proposed business combination or will allow shareholders to sell their shares to us in a tender offer will be made by us, solely in our discretion, and will be based on a variety of factors, such as the timing of the
 transaction and whether the terms of the transaction would otherwise require us to seek shareholder approval. Accordingly, we may complete our initial business combination even if holders of a majority of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares
 do not approve of the business combination we complete.

Your only opportunity to affect the investment decision regarding a potential business combination may be limited to the exercise of your right to redeem your shares from us for
 cash.

At the time of your investment in us, you will not be provided with an opportunity to evaluate the specific merits or risks of any target businesses. Since our board of directors may complete a
 business combination without seeking shareholder approval, public shareholders may not have the right or opportunity to vote on the business combination, unless we seek such shareholder approval. Accordingly, your only opportunity to affect the
 investment decision regarding a potential business combination may be limited to exercising your redemption rights within the period of time (which will be at least 20 business days) set forth in our tender offer documents mailed to our public
 shareholders in which we describe our initial business combination.

If we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination, our sponsor and members of our management team have agreed to vote in favor of such initial business
 combination, regardless of how our public shareholders vote.

Our Articles provide that, if we seek shareholder approval, we will complete our initial business combination only if we obtain the approval of an ordinary resolution under Cayman Islands law,
 which requires the affirmative vote of a majority of the shareholders who attend and vote at a general meeting of the company. As of January 31, 2023, our sponsor owns, on an as-converted basis, 95 of our outstanding ordinary shares. Our sponsor
 and members of our management team also may from time to time purchase Class A ordinary shares prior to our initial business combination. As a result, we would not need any of the 256,984 public shares issued and outstanding (assuming all issued
 and outstanding shares are voted or assuming only the minimum number of shares representing a quorum are voted) to be voted in favor of an initial business combination in order to have such initial business combination approved. Accordingly, if we
 seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination, the agreement by our sponsor and each member of our management team to vote in favor of our initial business combination will increase the likelihood that we will receive the requisite
 shareholder approval for such initial business combination.

The ability of our public shareholders to redeem their shares for cash may make it difficult for us to consummate an initial business combination.

We may seek to enter into a business combination transaction agreement with a prospective target (as is the case with the Business Combination Agreement) that requires as a closing condition that
 we have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash. If too many public shareholders exercise their redemption rights, we would not be able to meet such closing condition and, as a result, would not be able to proceed with the business
 combination. Furthermore, in no event, in connection with the approval of our initial business combination, will we redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 (so that we do not then
 become subject to the SEC s penny stock rules). Consequently, if accepting all properly submitted redemption requests in connection with the approval of our initial business combination would cause our net tangible assets to be less than
 5,000,001 or such greater amount necessary to satisfy a closing condition as described above, we would not proceed with such redemption and the related business combination and may instead search for an alternate business combination. Moreover,
 there can be no assurance that a prospective target would amend or waive the closing condition as described above and if such closing condition is not satisfied, amended or waived then the proposed business combination agreement would not be
 consummated.

24 

Table of Contents 

The ability of our public shareholders to exercise redemption rights with respect to a large number of our shares may not allow us to complete the most desirable business
 combination or optimize our capital structure.

At the time we enter into an agreement for our initial business combination, we will not know how many shareholders may exercise their redemption rights, and therefore will need to structure the
 transaction based on our expectations as to the number of shares that will be submitted for redemption. If a large number of shares are submitted for redemption, we may need to restructure the transaction to reserve a greater portion of the cash in
 the Trust Account or arrange for additional third-party financing. Raising additional third-party financing may involve dilutive equity issuances or the incurrence of indebtedness at higher than desirable levels. The above considerations may limit
 our ability to complete the most desirable business combination available to us or optimize our capital structure. The amount of the deferred underwriting commissions payable to the underwriters will not be adjusted for any shares that are redeemed
 in connection with an initial business combination. The per-share amount we will distribute to shareholders who properly exercise their redemption rights will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commission and, after such redemptions, the
 amount held in trust will continue to reflect our obligation to pay the entire deferred underwriting commissions.

The ability of our public shareholders to exercise redemption rights with respect to a large number of our shares could increase the probability that our initial business
 combination would be unsuccessful and that you would have to wait for liquidation in order to redeem your shares.

If our initial business combination agreement requires us to use a portion of the cash in the Trust Account to pay the purchase price, or requires us to have a minimum amount of cash at closing (as
 is the case for the Business Combination with Prize), the probability that our initial business combination would be unsuccessful is increased. If our initial business combination is unsuccessful, you would not receive your pro rata portion of the
 funds in the Trust Account until we liquidate the Trust Account. If you are in need of immediate liquidity, you could attempt to sell your shares in the open market; however, at such time our shares may trade at a discount to the pro rata amount
 per share in the Trust Account. In either situation, you may suffer a material loss on your investment or lose the benefit of funds expected in connection with our redemption until we liquidate or you are able to sell your shares in the open
 market.

The requirement that we consummate an initial business combination within the Extension Period (or such later date as approved by our shareholders) may give potential target
 businesses leverage over us in negotiating a business combination and may limit the time we have in which to conduct due diligence on potential business combination targets, in particular as we approach our dissolution deadline, which could
 undermine our ability to complete our initial business combination on terms that would produce value for our shareholders.

Any potential target business with which we enter into negotiations concerning a business combination will be aware that we must consummate an initial business combination within the Extension
 Period. Consequently, such target business may obtain leverage over us in negotiating a business combination, knowing that if we do not complete our initial business combination with that particular target business then we may be unable to complete
 our initial business combination with any target business. This risk will increase as we get closer to the timeframe described above. In addition, we may have limited time to conduct due diligence and may enter into our initial business combination
 on terms that we would have rejected upon a more comprehensive investigation.

Our search for a business combination, and any target business with which we ultimately consummate a business combination (including the Business Combination with Prize), may be
 materially adversely affected by coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic and other macroeconomic conditions.

The COVID-19 pandemic has adversely affected the economies and financial markets worldwide, and the business of any potential target business with which we consummate a business combination could
 be materially and adversely affected. Furthermore, we may be unable to complete a business combination if continued concerns relating to COVID-19 restrict travel, limit the ability to have meetings with potential investors or the target company s
 personnel, vendors and services providers. In addition, our ability to complete our initial business combination may be negatively impacted by general market conditions and volatility in the capital and debt markets. For example, the trailing
 effects from COVID-19 could limit our ability to complete our initial business combination as a result of increased market volatility, decreased market liquidity and third-party financing being unavailable on terms acceptable to us or at all. The
 full extent to which COVID-19 impacts our search for a business combination, our ability to successfully consummate a business combination, or the operations of a target business with which we ultimately consummate a business combination, will
 depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted.

25 

Table of Contents 

If we are unable to consummate an initial business combination within the Extension Period (unless such date is extended by our shareholders) we would cease all operations
 except for the purpose of winding up and we would redeem our public shares and liquidate.

If we are unable to find a suitable target business and consummate an initial business combination within the Extension Period, we would cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up
 and we would redeem our public shares and liquidate. Our ability to complete our initial business combination may be negatively impacted by general market conditions, volatility in the capital and debt markets and the other risks described herein.
 For example, the outbreak of COVID-19 continues both in the U.S. and globally and, while the extent of the impact of the outbreak on us will depend on future developments, it could limit our ability to complete our initial business combination,
 including as a result of increased market volatility, decreased market liquidity and third-party financing being unavailable on terms acceptable to us or at all. Additionally, the outbreak of COVID-19 may negatively impact businesses we may seek to
 acquire. If we have not consummated an initial business combination within such applicable time period, we will: (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up; (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business
 days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to us
 to pay our income taxes, if any (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of the then-outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public shareholders rights as shareholders
 (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any); and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining shareholders and our board of directors, liquidate and
 dissolve, subject in each case to our obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. Our Articles provides that, if we wind up for any other reason prior to the consummation of
 our initial business combination, we will follow the foregoing procedures with respect to the liquidation of the Trust Account as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, subject to applicable Cayman Islands
 law. In either such case, our public shareholders may receive only 10.89 per public share, or less than 10.89 per public share, on the redemption of their shares, and our warrants will expire worthless. See If third parties bring claims against
 us, the proceeds held in the Trust Account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by shareholders may be less than 10.89 per public share and other risk factors herein.

If we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination, our sponsor, initial shareholders, directors, officers, advisors and their affiliates may elect to purchase
 public shares or warrants, which may influence a vote on a proposed business combination and reduce the public float of our Class A ordinary shares or public warrants.

If we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our
 sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates may purchase public shares or warrants in privately negotiated transactions or in the open market either prior to or following the completion of our initial business combination, although
 they are under no obligation to do so. However, they have no current commitments, plans or intentions to engage in such transactions and have not formulated any terms or conditions for any such transactions. None of the funds in the Trust Account
 will be used to purchase public shares or warrants in such transactions. In the event that our sponsor, directors, executive officers, advisors or their affiliates purchase shares in privately negotiated transactions from public shareholders who
 have already elected to exercise their redemption rights, such selling shareholders would be required to revoke their prior elections to redeem their shares. The purpose of any such transaction could be to (i) vote in favor of the business
 combination and thereby increase the likelihood of obtaining shareholder approval of the business combination, (ii) reduce the number of public warrants outstanding or vote such warrants on any matters submitted to the warrant holders for approval
 in connection with our initial business combination or (iii) satisfy a closing condition in an agreement with a target that requires us to have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash at the closing of our initial business combination,
 where it appears that such requirement would otherwise not be met. Any such purchases of our securities may result in the completion of our initial business combination that may not otherwise have been possible. In addition, if such purchases are
 made, the public float of our Class A ordinary shares or public warrants may be reduced and the number of beneficial holders of our securities may be reduced, which may make it difficult to maintain or obtain the quotation, listing or trading of
 our securities on a national securities exchange. Any such purchases will be reported pursuant to Section 13 and Section 16 of the Exchange Act to the extent such purchasers are subject to such reporting requirements.

26 

Table of Contents 

If a shareholder fails to receive notice of our offer to redeem our public shares in connection with our initial business combination, or fails to comply with the procedures for
 tendering its shares, such shares may not be redeemed.

We will comply with the proxy rules or tender offer rules, as applicable, when conducting redemptions in connection with our initial business combination. Despite our compliance with these rules,
 if a shareholder fails to receive our proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable, such shareholder may not become aware of the opportunity to redeem its shares. In addition, the proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as
 applicable, that we will furnish to holders of our public shares in connection with our initial business combination will describe the various procedures that must be complied with in order to validly redeem or tender public shares. In the event
 that a shareholder fails to comply with these procedures, its shares may not be redeemed.

You will not have any rights or interests in funds from the Trust Account, except under certain limited circumstances. Therefore, to liquidate your investment, you may be forced
 to sell your public shares or warrants, potentially at a loss.

Our public shareholders will be entitled to receive funds from the Trust Account only upon the earliest to occur of: (i) our completion of an initial business combination, and then only in
 connection with those Class A ordinary shares that such shareholder properly elected to redeem, subject to the limitations described herein, (ii) the redemption of any public shares properly tendered in connection with a shareholder vote to amend
 our Articles (A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public
 shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within the Extension Period (or such later date as may be approved by our shareholders) or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A
 ordinary shares, and (iii) the redemption of our public shares if we have not consummated an initial business within the Extension Period, subject to applicable law and as further described herein. Public shareholders who redeem their Class A
 ordinary shares in connection with a shareholder vote described in clause (ii) in the preceding sentence shall not be entitled to funds from the Trust Account upon the subsequent completion of an initial business combination or liquidation if we
 have not consummated an initial business combination within the Extension Period, with respect to such Class A ordinary shares so redeemed. In no other circumstances will a public shareholder have any right or interest of any kind in the Trust
 Account. Holders of warrants also will not have any right to the proceeds held in the Trust Account with respect to the warrants. Accordingly, to liquidate your investment, you may be forced to sell your public shares or warrants, potentially at a
 loss.

If we are unable to maintain compliance with Nasdaq continued listing requirements, our ordinary shares may be delisted from the Nasdaq Capital Market, which would likely cause
 the liquidity and market price of our ordinary shares to decline, limit investors ability to make transactions in our securities and subject us to additional trading restrictions.

Our ordinary shares, Units and warrants are currently listed on the Nasdaq Capital Market. Nasdaq will consider suspending dealings in, or delisting, securities of an issuer that does not meet its
 continued listing standards. If we cannot meet Nasdaq s continued listing requirements, Nasdaq may delist our ordinary shares, which could have an adverse impact on us and the liquidity and market price of our ordinary shares.

On January 24, 2023, we received a notice (the Notice from the Listing Qualifications Department of the Nasdaq (the Staff indicating that we are no longer in compliance with certain requirements of the Nasdaq Listing Rules set forth in (i) 5450(b)(2)(B), requiring a minimum of 1,100,000 Publicly Held Shares, (ii) Listing Rule 5450(b)(2)(A), requiring a minimum of
 50 million Market Value of Listed Securities, (iii) Listing Rule 5450(b)(2)(C), requiring a minimum of 15 million in Market Value of Publicly Held Shares and (iv) Listing Rule 5450(a)(2), requiring a minimum of 400 Total Holders (collectively,
 the Nasdaq Listing Rules ). In order to maintain our listing on Nasdaq, the Staff requested we submit a plan of compliance (the Plan addressing how we intended to regain compliance with the Nasdaq Listing Rules. On February 7, 2023, we
 submitted to the Staff the Plan, which was later supplemented with additional information on February 22, 2023.

On March 24, 2023, Nasdaq granted us an extension until July 24, 2023, by which time we must file with the SEC and Nasdaq a
 public document showing that we have regained compliance with the Nasdaq Listing Rules. If we are unable to regain compliance with the Nasdaq Listing Rules by July 24, 2023, we may be subject to delisting procedures as set forth in the Nasdaq
 continued listing rules.

We cannot assure you that we will be successful in regaining compliance with the Nasdaq continued listing requirements and that
 our securities will continue to be listed on Nasdaq in the future or prior to our initial business combination. In order to continue listing our securities on the Nasdaq prior to our initial business combination, we must regain and continue to
 maintain certain financial, distribution and share price levels. Generally, we must maintain a minimum market capitalization (generally 35,000,000) and a minimum number of holders of our securities (generally 300 public holders).

27 

Table of Contents 

Additionally, our Units will not be traded after the completion of our initial business combination and, in connection with our initial business combination, we will be required to demonstrate
 compliance with the Nasdaq initial listing requirements, which are more rigorous than the Nasdaq continued listing requirements, in order to continue to maintain the listing of our securities on the Nasdaq.

If the Nasdaq delists any of our securities from trading on its exchange and we are not able to list such securities on another national securities exchange, we expect such securities could be
 quoted on an over-the-counter market. If this were to occur, we could face significant material adverse consequences, including:

a limited availability of market quotations for our securities;

reduced liquidity for our securities;

a determination that our Class A ordinary shares are a penny stock, which will require brokers trading in our Class A ordinary shares to adhere to more stringent rules and possibly result in a reduced level of trading activity in the
 secondary trading market for our securities;

a limited amount of news and analyst coverage; and

a decreased ability to issue additional securities or obtain additional financing in the future.

The National Securities Markets Improvement Act of 1996, which is a federal statute, prevents or preempts the states from regulating the sale of certain securities, which are referred to as
 covered securities. Because we expect that our Units and eventually our Class A ordinary shares and warrants will be listed on the Nasdaq, our Units, Class A ordinary shares and warrants will qualify as covered securities under the statute.
 Although the states are preempted from regulating the sale of covered securities, the federal statute does allow the states to investigate companies if there is a suspicion of fraud, and, if there is a finding of fraudulent activity, then the
 states can regulate or bar the sale of covered securities in a particular case. While we are not aware of a state having used these powers to prohibit or restrict the sale of securities issued by blank check companies, other than the State of
 Idaho, certain state securities regulators view blank check companies unfavorably and might use these powers, or threaten to use these powers, to hinder the sale of securities of blank check companies in their states. Further, if we were no longer
 listed on the Nasdaq, our securities would not qualify as covered securities under the statute and we would be subject to regulation in each state in which we offer our securities.

You are not entitled to protections normally afforded to investors of many other blank check companies.

Because we had net tangible assets in excess of 5,000,000 upon the successful completion of our IPO and the sale of the private placement warrants and filed a Current Report on Form 8-K, including
 an audited balance sheet of the Company demonstrating this fact, we are exempt from rules promulgated by the SEC to protect investors in blank check companies, such as Rule 419 .
 Accordingly, investors are not afforded the benefits or protections of those rules. Among other things, this means we will have a longer period of time to complete our initial business combination than do companies subject to Rule 419 . Moreover, if the IPO was subject to Rule 419 , that rule would prohibit the
 release of any interest earned on funds held in the Trust Account to us unless and until the funds in the Trust Account were released to us in connection with our completion of an initial business combination.

If we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules, and if you or a group of shareholders
 are deemed to hold in excess of 15 of our Class A ordinary shares, you will lose the ability to redeem all such shares in excess of 15 of our Class A ordinary shares.

If we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, then,
 pursuant to our Articles, a public shareholder, together with any affiliate of such shareholder or any other person with whom such shareholder is acting in concert or as a group (as defined under Section 13 of the Exchange Act), will be
 restricted from redeeming its shares with respect to more than an aggregate of 15 of the shares sold in this offering, which we refer to as the Excess Shares, without our prior consent. However, we would not be restricting our shareholders 
 ability to vote all of their shares (including Excess Shares) for or against our initial business combination. Your inability to redeem the Excess Shares will reduce your influence over our ability to complete our initial business combination and
 you could suffer a material loss on your investment in us if you sell Excess Shares in open market transactions. Additionally, you will not receive redemption distributions with respect to the Excess Shares if we complete our initial business
 combination. And as a result, you will continue to hold that number of shares exceeding 15 and, in order to dispose of such shares, would be required to sell your shares in open market transactions, potentially at a loss.

28 

Table of Contents 

Because of our limited resources and the significant competition for business combination opportunities, it may be more difficult for us to complete our initial business
 combination. If we have not consummated our initial business combination within the required time period, our public shareholders may receive only approximately 10.89 per public share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our
 Trust Account and our warrants will expire worthless.

If we do not consummate the Business Combination with Prize, we expect to encounter intense competition from other entities having a business objective similar to ours, including private investors
 (which may be individuals or investment partnerships), other blank check companies and other entities, domestic and international, competing for the types of businesses we intend to acquire. Many of these individuals and entities are well
 established and have extensive experience in identifying and effecting, directly or indirectly, acquisitions of companies operating in or providing services to various industries. Many of these competitors possess greater technical, human and other
 resources or more local industry knowledge than we do and our financial resources will be relatively limited when contrasted with those of many of these competitors. While we believe there are numerous target businesses we could potentially acquire
 with the net proceeds of this offering and the sale of the private placement warrants, our ability to compete with respect to the acquisition of certain target businesses that are sizable will be limited by our available financial resources. This
 inherent competitive limitation gives others an advantage in pursuing the acquisition of certain target businesses. Furthermore, we are obligated to offer holders of our public shares the right to redeem their shares for cash at the time of our
 initial business combination in conjunction with a shareholder vote or via a tender offer. Target companies will be aware that this may reduce the resources available to us for our initial business combination. Any of these obligations may place us
 at a competitive disadvantage in successfully negotiating a business combination. If we have not consummated our initial business combination within the required time period, our public shareholders may receive only approximately 10.89 per public
 share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our Trust Account and our warrants will expire worthless. See If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the Trust Account could be reduced and the per-share
 redemption amount received by shareholders may be less than 10.89 per public share and other risk factors herein.

As the number of SPACs evaluating targets increases, attractive targets may become scarcer and there may be more competition for attractive targets. This could increase the cost
 of our initial business combination and could even result in our inability to find a target or to consummate an initial business combination.

In recent years, the number of SPACs that have been formed has increased substantially. Many potential targets for SPACs have already entered into an initial business combination, and there are
 still many SPACs seeking targets preparing for their initial business combination public offering, as well as many such companies currently in registration with the Securities and Exchange Commission. As a result, at times, fewer attractive targets
 may be available, and it may require more time, more effort and more resources to identify a suitable target and to consummate an initial business combination.

In addition, because there are more SPACs seeking to enter into an initial business combination with available targets, the competition for available targets with attractive fundamentals or
 business models may increase, which could cause targets companies to demand improved financial terms. Attractive deals could also become scarcer for other reasons, such as economic or industry sector downturns, geopolitical tensions, or increases
 in the cost of additional capital needed to close business combinations or operate targets post-business combination. This could increase the cost of, delay or otherwise complicate or frustrate our ability to find and consummate an initial business
 combination, and may result in our inability to consummate an initial business combination on terms favorable to our investors altogether.

If the net proceeds from our IPO and the sale of the private placement warrants not being held in the Trust Account are insufficient to allow us to operate during the Extension
 Period (or such later date as may be approved by our shareholders), it could limit our ability to complete our initial business combination, and we will depend on loans from our sponsor, its affiliates or members of our management team to fund to
 complete our initial business combination.

The funds available to us outside of the Trust Account may not be sufficient to allow us to operate until July 18, 2023, assuming that our initial business combination is not completed during that
 time. We believe that the funds available to us outside of the Trust Account, together with funds available from loans from our sponsor, its affiliates or members of our management team, will be sufficient to allow us to operate for at least the
 Extension Period; however, we cannot assure you that our estimate is accurate, and our sponsor, its affiliates or members of our management team are under no obligation to advance funds to us in such circumstances. Of the funds available to us, we
 expect to use a portion of the funds available to us to pay fees to consultants to assist us with our search for a target business. We could also use a portion of the funds as a down payment or to fund a no-shop provision (a provision in letters
 of intent designed to keep target businesses from shopping around for transactions with other companies or investors on terms more favorable to such target businesses) with respect to a particular proposed business combination, although we do not
 have any current intention to do so. If we entered into a letter of intent where we paid for the right to receive exclusivity from a target business and were subsequently required to forfeit such funds (whether as a result of our breach or
 otherwise), we might not have sufficient funds to continue searching for, or conduct due diligence with respect to, a target business.

29 

Table of Contents 

If we are required to seek additional capital, we would need to borrow funds from our sponsor or its affiliates, members of our management team or other third parties to operate or may be forced to
 liquidate. None of our sponsor, members of our management team or their affiliates is under any obligation to us in such circumstances. Any such advances may be repaid only from funds held outside the Trust Account or from funds released to us upon
 the completion of our initial business combination. Up to 1,500,000 of such loans may be convertible into warrants of the post-business combination entity at a price of 1.25 per warrant at the option of the lender, which would be identical to the
 private placement warrants. Prior to the completion of our initial business combination, we do not expect to seek loans from parties other than our sponsor, its affiliates or members of our management team as we do not believe third parties will be
 willing to loan such funds and provide a waiver against any and all rights to seek access to funds in our Trust Account. If we have not consummated our initial business combination within the required time period because we do not have sufficient
 funds available to us, we will be forced to cease operations and liquidate the Trust Account. Consequently, our public shareholders may only receive an estimated 10.89 per public share, or possibly less, on our redemption of our public shares, and
 our warrants will expire worthless. See If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the Trust Account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by shareholders may be less than 10.89 per public share and
 other risk factors herein.

Subsequent to our completion of our initial business combination, we may be required to take write-downs or write-offs, restructure our operations or incur impairment or other
 charges that could have a significant negative effect on our financial condition, results of operations and the price of our securities, which could cause you to lose some or all of your investment.

Even if we conduct extensive due diligence on a target business with which we combine, we cannot assure you that this diligence will identify all material issues with a particular target business,
 that it would be possible to uncover all material issues through a customary amount of due diligence, or that factors outside of the target business and outside of our control will not later arise. As a result of these factors, we may be forced to
 later write down or write off assets, restructure our operations, or incur impairment or other charges that could result in our reporting losses. Even if our due diligence successfully identifies certain risks, unexpected risks may arise and
 previously known risks may materialize in a manner not consistent with our preliminary risk analysis. Even though these charges may be non-cash items and not have an immediate impact on our liquidity, the fact that we report charges of this nature
 could contribute to negative market perceptions about us or our securities. In addition, charges of this nature may cause us to violate net worth or other covenants to which we may be subject as a result of assuming pre-existing debt held by a
 target business or by virtue of our obtaining post-combination debt financing. Accordingly, any holders who choose to retain their securities following the business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their securities. Such holders
 are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value.

If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the Trust Account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by shareholders may be less than
 10.89 per public share.

Our placing of funds in the Trust Account may not protect those funds from third-party claims against us. Although we will seek to have all vendors, service providers, prospective target businesses
 and other entities with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the Trust Account for the benefit of our public shareholders, such parties may not execute
 such agreements, or even if they execute such agreements, they may not be prevented from bringing claims against the Trust Account, including, but not limited to, fraudulent inducement, breach of fiduciary responsibility or other similar claims, as
 well as claims challenging the enforceability of the waiver, in each case in order to gain advantage with respect to a claim against our assets, including the funds held in the Trust Account. If any third party refuses to execute an agreement
 waiving such claims to the monies held in the Trust Account, our management will perform an analysis of the alternatives available to it and will only enter into an agreement with a third party that has not executed a waiver if management believes
 that such third party s engagement would be significantly more beneficial to us than any alternative.

30 

Table of Contents 

Examples of possible instances where we may engage a third party that refuses to execute a waiver include the engagement of a third-party consultant whose particular expertise or skills are
 believed by management to be significantly superior to those of other consultants that would agree to execute a waiver or in cases where management is unable to find a service provider willing to execute a waiver. In addition, there is no guarantee
 that such entities will agree to waive any claims they may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of, any negotiations, contracts or agreements with us and will not seek recourse against the Trust Account for any reason. Upon redemption
 of our public shares, if we have not consummated an initial business combination within the Extension Period (or such later date as may be approved by our shareholders), or upon the exercise of a redemption right in connection with our initial
 business combination, we will be required to provide for payment of claims of creditors that were not waived that may be brought against us within the ten years following redemption. Accordingly, the per-share redemption amount received by public
 shareholders could be less than the 10.89 per public share initially held in the Trust Account, due to claims of such creditors. Pursuant to the letter agreement the form of which was filed as an exhibit to our IPO prospectus, our sponsor has
 agreed that it will be liable to us if and to the extent any claims by a third party (other than our independent auditors) for services rendered or products sold to us, or a prospective target business with which we have discussed entering into a
 transaction agreement, reduce the amounts in the Trust Account to below the lesser of (i) 10.89 per public share and (ii) the actual amount per public share held in the Trust Account as of the date of the liquidation of the Trust Account if less
 than 10.89 per public share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case net of the interest that may be withdrawn to pay our tax obligations, provided that such liability will not apply
 to any claims by a third party or prospective target business that executed a waiver of any and all rights to seek access to the Trust Account nor will it apply to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of our IPO against certain
 liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. Moreover, in the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third party, our sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third-party
 claims.

However, we have not asked our sponsor to reserve for such indemnification obligations nor have we independently verified whether our sponsor has sufficient funds to satisfy its indemnity
 obligations, and we believe that our sponsor s only assets are securities of our company. Therefore, we cannot assure you that our sponsor would be able to satisfy those obligations. As a result, if any such claims were successfully made against
 the Trust Account, the funds available for our initial business combination and redemptions could be reduced to less than 10.89 per public share. In such event, we may not be able to complete our initial business combination, and you would receive
 such lesser amount per share in connection with any redemption of your public shares. None of our officers or directors will indemnify us for claims by third parties including, without limitation, claims by vendors and prospective target
 businesses.

Our directors may decide not to enforce the indemnification obligations of our sponsor, resulting in a reduction in the amount of funds in the Trust Account available for
 distribution to our public shareholders.

In the event that the proceeds in the Trust Account are reduced below the lesser of (i) 10.89 per public share and (ii) the actual amount per public share held in the Trust Account as of the date
 of the liquidation of the Trust Account if less than 10.89 per public share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case net of the interest that may be withdrawn to pay our tax obligations, and our sponsor asserts that it is
 unable to satisfy its obligations or that it has no indemnification obligations related to a particular claim, our independent directors would determine whether to take legal action against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations.
 While we currently expect that our independent directors would take legal action on our behalf against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations to us, it is possible that our independent directors in exercising their business judgment
 and subject to their fiduciary duties may choose not to do so in any particular instance. If our independent directors choose not to enforce these indemnification obligations, the amount of funds in the Trust Account available for distribution to
 our public shareholders may be reduced below 10.89 per public share.

We may not have sufficient funds to satisfy indemnification claims of our directors and executive officers.

We have agreed to indemnify our officers and directors to the fullest extent permitted by law. However, our officers and directors have agreed to waive any right, title, interest or claim of any
 kind in or to any monies in the Trust Account and to not seek recourse against the Trust Account for any reason whatsoever (except to the extent they are entitled to funds from the Trust Account due to their ownership of public shares).
 Accordingly, any indemnification provided will be able to be satisfied by us only if (i) we have sufficient funds outside of the Trust Account or (ii) we consummate an initial business combination. Our obligation to indemnify our officers and
 directors may discourage shareholders from bringing a lawsuit against our officers or directors for breach of their fiduciary duty. These provisions also may have the effect of reducing the likelihood of derivative litigation against our officers
 and directors, even though such an action, if successful, might otherwise benefit us and our shareholders. Furthermore, a shareholder s investment may be adversely affected to the extent we pay the costs of settlement and damage awards against our
 officers and directors pursuant to these indemnification provisions.

Changes in the market for directors and officers liability insurance could make it more difficult and more expensive for us to negotiate and complete an initial business
 combination.

Recently, the market for directors and officers liability insurance for SPACs has changed in ways adverse to us and our management team. Fewer insurance companies are offering quotes for directors
 and officers liability coverage, the premiums charged for such policies have generally increased and the terms of such policies have generally become less favorable. These trends may continue into the future.

31 

Table of Contents 

The increased cost and decreased availability of directors and officers liability insurance could make it more difficult and more expensive for us to negotiate an initial business combination. In
 order to obtain directors and officers liability insurance or modify its coverage as a result of becoming a public company, the post-business combination entity might need to incur greater expense, accept less favorable terms or both. However, any
 failure to obtain adequate directors and officers liability insurance could have an adverse impact on the post-business combination s ability to attract and retain qualified officers and directors.

In addition, even after we were to complete an initial business combination, our directors and officers could still be subject to potential liability from claims arising from conduct alleged to
 have occurred prior to the initial business combination. As a result, in order to protect our directors and officers, the post-business combination entity may need to purchase additional insurance with respect to any such claims run-off
 insurance ). The need for run-off insurance would be an added expense for the post-business combination entity, and could interfere with or frustrate our ability to consummate an initial business combination on terms favorable to our investors.

If, after we distribute the proceeds in the Trust Account to our public shareholders, we file a bankruptcy or winding-up petition or an involuntary bankruptcy or winding-up
 petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, a bankruptcy or insolvency court may seek to recover such proceeds, and the members of our board of directors may be viewed as having breached their fiduciary duties to our creditors, thereby
 exposing the members of our board of directors and us to claims of punitive damages.

If, after we distribute the proceeds in the Trust Account to our public shareholders, we file a bankruptcy or winding-up petition or an involuntary bankruptcy or winding-up petition is filed
 against us that is not dismissed, any distributions received by shareholders could be viewed under applicable debtor/creditor and/or bankruptcy or insolvency laws as either a preferential transfer or a fraudulent conveyance. As a result, a
 bankruptcy or insolvency court could seek to recover some or all amounts received by our shareholders. In addition, our board of directors may be viewed as having breached its fiduciary duty to our creditors and/or having acted in bad faith,
 thereby exposing itself and us to claims of punitive damages, by paying public shareholders from the Trust Account prior to addressing the claims of creditors.

If, before distributing the proceeds in the Trust Account to our public shareholders, we file a bankruptcy or winding-up petition or an involuntary bankruptcy or winding-up
 petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, the claims of creditors in such proceeding may have priority over the claims of our shareholders and the per-share amount that would otherwise be received by our shareholders in connection with
 our liquidation may be reduced.

If, before distributing the proceeds in the Trust Account to our public shareholders, we file a bankruptcy or winding-up petition or an involuntary bankruptcy or winding-up petition is filed
 against us that is not dismissed, the proceeds held in the Trust Account could be subject to applicable bankruptcy or insolvency law and may be included in our bankruptcy estate and subject to the claims of third parties with priority over the
 claims of our shareholders. To the extent any bankruptcy claims deplete the Trust Account, the per-share amount that would otherwise be received by our shareholders in connection with our liquidation may be reduced.

Our shareholders may be held liable for claims by third parties against us to the extent of distributions received by them upon redemption of their shares.

If we are forced to enter into an insolvent liquidation, any distributions received by shareholders could be viewed as an unlawful payment if it was proved that immediately following the date on
 which the distribution was made, we were unable to pay our debts as they fall due in the ordinary course of business. As a result, a liquidator could seek to recover some or all amounts received by our shareholders. Furthermore, our directors may
 be viewed as having breached their fiduciary duties to us or our creditors and/or may have acted in bad faith, thereby exposing themselves and our company to claims, by paying public shareholders from the Trust Account prior to addressing the
 claims of creditors. We cannot assure you that claims will not be brought against us for these reasons. We and our officers and directors who knowingly and willfully authorized or permitted any distribution to be paid out of our share premium
 account while we were unable to pay our debts as they fall due in the ordinary course of business would be guilty of an offence and may be liable for a fine of 18,292 and imprisonment for five years in the Cayman Islands.

We may not hold an annual general meeting until after the consummation of our initial business combination.

In accordance with the Nasdaq corporate governance requirements, we are not required to hold an annual general meeting until one year after our first fiscal year end following our listing on the
 Nasdaq. There is no requirement under the Companies Act for us to hold annual or extraordinary general meetings to appoint directors. Until we hold an annual general meeting, public shareholders may not be afforded the opportunity to appoint
 directors and to discuss company affairs with management. Our board of directors is divided into three classes with only one class of directors being appointed in each year and each class (except for those directors appointed prior to our first
 annual general meeting) serving a three-year term.

32 

Table of Contents 

Because we are not limited to evaluating a target business in a particular industry sector, you will not be able to ascertain the merits or risks of any particular target
 business s operations until we provide a basis to evaluate the target business s operations that we select for our initial business combination. 

We may pursue business combination opportunities in any sector, except that we will not, under our Articles, be permitted to effectuate our initial business combination solely with another blank
 check company or similar company with nominal operations. Until we provide a basis to evaluate a particular target business, you will not be able to ascertain the merits or risks of any particular target business s operations, results of
 operations, cash flows, liquidity, financial condition or prospects. To the extent we complete our initial business combination, we may be affected by numerous risks inherent in the business operations with which we combine (including those of
 Prize, should the Business Combination be consummated). For example, if we combine with a financially unstable business or an entity lacking an established record of sales or earnings, we may be affected by the risks inherent in the business and
 operations of a financially unstable or a development stage entity. Although our officers and directors will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target business, we cannot assure you that we will properly ascertain or assess
 all of the significant risk factors or that we will have adequate time to complete due diligence. Furthermore, some of these risks may be outside of our control and leave us with no ability to control or reduce the chances that those risks will
 adversely impact a target business. We also cannot assure you that an investment in our Units will ultimately prove to be more favorable to investors than a direct investment, if such opportunity were available, in a business combination target.
 Accordingly, any holders who choose to retain their securities following the business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their securities. Such holders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value.

If we are unable to consummate the Business Combination with Prize, we may seek acquisition opportunities in industries or sectors which may or may not be outside of our
 management s area of expertise.

If we are unable to consummate the Business Combination with Prize, we may consider a business combination outside of our management s area of expertise if a business combination target is
 presented to us and we determine that such candidate offers an attractive acquisition opportunity for our company. Although our management will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in any particular business combination target, we cannot assure
 you that we will adequately ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors. We also cannot assure you that an investment in our Units will not ultimately prove to be less favorable to investors than a direct investment, if an opportunity
 were available, in a business combination target. In the event we elect to pursue an acquisition outside of the areas of our management s expertise, our management s expertise may not be directly applicable to its evaluation or operation, and the
 information contained in this Annual Report regarding the areas of our management s expertise would not be relevant to an understanding of the business that we elect to acquire. As a result, our management may not be able to adequately ascertain or
 assess all of the significant risk factors. Accordingly, any holders who choose to retain their securities following the business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their securities. Such holders are unlikely to have a remedy for
 such reduction in value.

Although we have identified general criteria and guidelines that we believe are important in evaluating prospective target businesses, we may enter into our initial business
 combination with a target that does not meet such criteria and guidelines, and as a result, the target business with which we enter into our initial business combination may not have attributes entirely consistent with our general criteria and
 guidelines.

Although we have identified general criteria and guidelines for evaluating prospective target businesses, it is possible that a target business with which we enter into our initial business
 combination will not have all of these positive attributes. If we complete our initial business combination with a target that does not meet some or all of these guidelines, such combination may not be as successful as a combination with a business
 that does meet all of our general criteria and guidelines. In addition, if we announce a prospective business combination with a target that does not meet our general criteria and guidelines, a greater number of shareholders may exercise their
 redemption rights, which may make it difficult for us to meet any closing condition with a target business that requires us to have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash. In addition, if shareholder approval of the transaction is required
 by applicable law or stock exchange listing requirements, or we decide to obtain shareholder approval for business or other reasons, it may be more difficult for us to attain shareholder approval of our initial business combination if the target
 business does not meet our general criteria and guidelines. If we have not consummated our initial business combination within the required time period, our public shareholders may receive only approximately 10.89 per public share, or less in
 certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our Trust Account and our warrants will expire worthless.

33 

Table of Contents 

We are not required to obtain an opinion from an independent accounting or investment banking firm, and, consequently, you may have no assurance from an independent source that
 the price we are paying for the business is fair to our shareholders from a financial point of view.

Unless we complete our initial business combination with an affiliated entity (which is not the case with Prize), we are not required to obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking
 firm or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions that the price we are paying is fair to our shareholders from a financial point of view. If no opinion is obtained, our shareholders will be relying on the judgment of our
 board of directors, who will determine fair market value based on standards generally accepted by the financial community. Such standards used will be disclosed in our proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable, related to our
 initial business combination.

Management has performed an analysis of our ability to continue as a going concern and has
 identified substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. If we are unable to obtain sufficient additional funding or do not have access to capital, we may be required to terminate or significantly curtail our operations.

As of December 31, 2022, the Company had 96,119 in its operating bank accounts and 148,742,661 in cash and securities held in the
 Trust Account to be used for an initial business combination or to repurchase its Class A ordinary shares in connection therewith . On January 12, 2023, in connection with the
 Extension Proposal, the holders of 14,118,106 Class A ordinary shares originally issued in our IPO exercised their right to redeem their shares for an aggregate redemption amount of approximately 146,122,397, leaving an aggregate of
 approximately 2.8 million in the Trust Account to be used for an initial business combination or to repurchase its Class A ordinary shares in connection therewith. Further, we expect to incur significant costs in pursuit of our acquisition
 plans, and any such pursuit may not be successful.

If the Company is unable to raise additional capital, it may be
 required to take additional measures to conserve liquidity, which could include, but not necessarily be limited to , curtailing operations, suspending the pursuit of an initial business combination and reducing overhead expenses . Our plans to raise capital and to consummate our initial business combination may not be successful. These factors, among others, raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue
 as a going concern. Our plans to raise capital and to consummate our initial business combination may not be successful. These factors, among others, raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern.

Because we must furnish our shareholders with target business financial statements, we may lose the ability to complete an otherwise advantageous initial business combination
 with some prospective target businesses.

The U.S. federal securities laws require that a proxy statement with respect to a vote on a business combination meeting certain financial significance tests include historical and/or pro forma
 financial statement disclosure in periodic reports. We will include the same financial statement disclosure in connection with our tender offer documents, whether or not they are required under the tender offer rules. These financial statements may
 be required to be prepared in accordance with, or be reconciled to, accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, or GAAP, or international financial reporting standards as issued by the International Accounting
 Standards Board, or IFRS, depending on the circumstances and the historical financial statements may be required to be audited in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), or PCAOB. These
 financial statement requirements may limit the pool of potential target businesses we may acquire because some targets may be unable to provide such statements in time for us to disclose such statements in accordance with federal proxy rules and
 complete our initial business combination within the prescribed timeframe.

Resources could be wasted in researching an acquisition that was not completed, which could materially adversely affect subsequent attempts to locate and acquire or merge with
 another business. If we have not consummated our initial business combination within the required time period, our public shareholders may receive only approximately 10.89 per public share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of
 our Trust Account and our warrants will expire worthless.

We anticipate that the investigation of each specific additional target business and the negotiation, drafting and execution of relevant agreements, disclosure documents and other instruments will
 require substantial management time and attention and substantial costs for accountants, attorneys and others. The costs incurred up to that point likely would not be recoverable. Furthermore, we may fail to complete our initial business
 combination for any number of reasons including those beyond our control. Any such event will result in a loss to us of the related costs incurred, which could materially adversely affect subsequent attempts to locate and acquire or merge with
 another business. If we have not consummated our initial business combination within the required time period, our public shareholders may receive only approximately 10.89 per public share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of
 our Trust Account and our warrants will expire worthless.

Compliance obligations under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may make it more difficult for us to effectuate a business combination, require substantial financial and management
 resources, and increase the time and costs of completing an acquisition.

We are required under Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley to evaluate and report on our system of internal controls. Only in the event we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer or an accelerated
 filer and no longer qualify as an emerging growth company will we be required to comply with the independent registered public accounting firm attestation requirement on our internal control over financial reporting. The fact that we are a blank
 check company makes compliance with the requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act particularly burdensome on us as compared to other public companies because a target business with which we seek to complete our initial business combination may not be
 in compliance with the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act regarding adequacy of its internal controls. The development of the internal control of any such entity to achieve compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may increase the time and costs
 necessary to complete any such acquisition.

We have identified a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting. If we are unable to remediate the material weakness in a timely manner or if we experience
 additional material weaknesses in the future or otherwise fail to maintain an effective system of internal controls in the future, we may not be able to accurately or timely report our financial condition or results of operations.

In connection with the audit of the 2022 financial statements, we identified a material weakness in internal control over
 financial reporting. As a result of this material weakness, management has concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective as of December 31, 2022, as further described in Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. A material
 weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements will not be
 prevented or detected on a timely basis. The material weakness identified is related to the Company s failure to maintain adequate controls over the classification and presentation of the statement of cash flows, specifically the classification
 of the purchase of marketable securities as operating activities instead of investing activities.

If we are unable to remediate the material weakness in a timely manner or we identify additional material weaknesses, we may be unable to provide required
 financial information in a timely and reliable manner and we may incorrectly report financial information. Likewise, if our financial statements are not filed on a timely basis, we could be subject to sanctions or investigations by the stock
 exchange on which our ordinary shares are listed, the SEC or other regulatory authorities. The existence of a material weakness in internal control over financial reporting could adversely affect our reputation or investor perceptions of us,
 which could have a negative effect on the trading price of our Class A ordinary shares, warrants or Units.

We do not have a specified maximum redemption threshold. The absence of such a redemption threshold may make it possible for us to complete our initial business combination with
 which a substantial majority of our shareholders do not agree.

Our Articles does not provide a specified maximum redemption threshold, except that in no event, in connection with the approval of our initial business combination, will we redeem our public
 shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 (so that we do not then become subject to the SEC s penny stock rules). As a result, we may be able to complete our initial business combination even though a
 substantial majority of our public shareholders do not agree with the transaction and have redeemed their shares or, if we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination and do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial
 business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, have entered into privately negotiated agreements to sell their shares to our sponsor, officers, directors, advisors or their affiliates. In the event the aggregate cash consideration we
 would be required to pay for all Class A ordinary shares that are validly submitted for redemption plus any amount required to satisfy cash conditions pursuant to the terms of the proposed business combination exceed the aggregate amount of cash
 available to us, we will not complete the business combination or redeem any shares, all Class A ordinary shares submitted for redemption will be returned to the holders thereof, and we instead may search for an alternate business combination.

34 

Table of Contents 

In order to effectuate an initial business combination, blank check companies have, in the recent past, amended various provisions of their charters and other governing
 instruments, including their warrant agreements. We cannot assure you that we will not seek to amend our Articles or governing instruments in a manner that will make it easier for us to complete our initial business combination that our
 shareholders may not support.

In order to effectuate a business combination, blank check companies have, in the recent past, amended various provisions of their charters and governing instruments, including their warrant
 agreements. For example, blank check companies have amended the definition of business combination, increased redemption thresholds, extended the time to consummate an initial business combination and, with respect to their warrants, amended their
 warrant agreements to require the warrants to be exchanged for cash and/or other securities. Amending our Articles will require at least a special resolution of our shareholders as a matter of Cayman Islands law, meaning the approval of holders of
 at least two-thirds of our ordinary shares who attend and vote at a general meeting of the company, and amending our warrant agreement will require a vote of holders of at least 65 of the public warrants and, solely with respect to any amendment
 to the terms of the private placement warrants or any provision of the warrant agreement with respect to the private placement warrants, 65 of the number of the then outstanding private placement warrants. In addition, our Articles will require us
 to provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their public shares for cash if we propose an amendment to our Articles (A) that would modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary
 shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within the Extension Period (or such later date as may
 be approved by our shareholders) or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares. To the extent any of such amendments would be deemed to fundamentally change the nature of any of the
 securities offered through this registration statement, we would register, or seek an exemption from registration for, the affected securities.

The provisions of our Articles that relate to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares (and corresponding provisions of the agreement governing the release of funds
 from our Trust Account) may be amended with the approval of a special resolution, which requires the approval of the holders of at least two-thirds of our ordinary shares who attend and vote at a general meeting of the company, which is a lower
 amendment threshold than that of some other blank check companies. It may be easier for us, therefore, to amend our Articles to facilitate the completion of an initial business combination that some of our shareholders may not support.

Some other blank check companies have a provision in their charter that prohibits the amendment of certain of its provisions, including those which relate to the rights of a company s shareholders,
 without approval by a certain percentage of the company s shareholders. In those companies, amendment of these provisions typically requires approval by between 90 and 100 of the company s shareholders. Our Articles provides that any of its
 provisions related to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares (including the requirement to deposit proceeds of this offering and the private placement of warrants into the Trust Account and not release such amounts except in specified
 circumstances, and to provide redemption rights to public shareholders as described herein) may be amended if approved by special resolution, meaning holders of at least two-thirds of our ordinary shares who attend and vote at a general meeting of
 the company, and corresponding provisions of the trust agreement governing the release of funds from our Trust Account may be amended if approved by holders of at least 65 of our ordinary shares; provided 
 that the provisions of our Articles governing the appointment or removal of directors prior to our initial business combination may only be amended by a special resolution passed by not less than two-thirds of our ordinary shares who attend and
 vote at our general meeting which shall include the affirmative vote of a simple majority of our Class B ordinary shares. Our sponsor and its permitted transferees, if any, who will collectively beneficially own, on an as-converted basis, 20 of
 our Class A ordinary shares upon the closing of our initial business combination, will participate in any vote to amend our Articles and/or trust agreement and will have the discretion to vote in any manner they choose. As a result, we may be able
 to amend the provisions of our Articles which govern our pre-business combination behavior more easily than some other blank check companies, and this may increase our ability to complete a business combination with which you do not agree. Our
 shareholders may pursue remedies against us for any breach of our Articles.

35 

Table of Contents 

Our sponsor, officers and directors have agreed, pursuant to agreements with us, that they will not propose any amendment to our Articles (A) that would modify the substance or timing of our
 obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination
 within the Extension Period (or such later date as may be approved by our shareholders) or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares, unless we provide our public shareholders with the
 opportunity to redeem their Class A ordinary shares upon approval of any such amendment at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest earned on the funds held in the
 Trust Account and not previously released to us to pay our income taxes, if any, divided by the number of the then-outstanding public shares, subject to the limitations described herein. Our shareholders are not parties to, or third-party
 beneficiaries of, these agreements and, as a result, will not have the ability to pursue remedies against our sponsor, executive officers or directors for any breach of these agreements. As a result, in the event of a breach, our shareholders would
 need to pursue a shareholder derivative action, subject to applicable law.

We may be unable to obtain additional financing to complete our initial business combination or to fund the operations and growth of a target business, which could compel us to
 restructure or abandon our initial business combination. If we have not consummated our initial business combination within the required time period, our public shareholders may receive only approximately 10.89 per public share, or less in certain
 circumstances, on the liquidation of our Trust Account and our warrants will expire worthless.

Although we believe that the net proceeds from our IPO and the sale of the private placement warrants will be sufficient to allow us to complete our initial business combination, we may not be able
 to ascertain the capital requirements because of the obligation to redeem for cash an unknown number of shares from shareholders who elect redemption in connection with our initial business combination. If the net proceeds from our IPO and the sale
 of the private placement warrants prove to be insufficient because of the obligation to redeem for cash a significant number of shares from shareholders who elect redemption in connection with our initial business combination or the terms of
 negotiated transactions to purchase shares in connection with our initial business combination, we may be required to seek additional financing or to abandon the proposed business combination. We cannot assure you that such financing will be
 available on acceptable terms, if at all. The current economic environment may make it difficult for companies to obtain acquisition financing. To the extent that additional financing proves to be unavailable when needed to complete our initial
 business combination, we would be compelled to either restructure the transaction or abandon that particular business combination and seek an alternative target business candidate. If we have not consummated our initial business combination within
 the required time period, our public shareholders may receive only approximately 10.89 per public share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our Trust Account and our warrants will expire worthless. In addition, even if we do
 not need additional financing to complete our initial business combination, we may require such financing to fund the operations or growth of the target business. The failure to secure additional financing could have a material adverse effect on
 the continued development or growth of the target business. None of our sponsor, officers, directors or shareholders is required to provide any financing to us in connection with or after our initial business combination.

We may seek business combination opportunities with a high degree of complexity that require significant operational improvements, which could delay or prevent us from achieving
 our desired results.

If we do not consummate the Business Combination with Prize, we may seek business combination opportunities with large, highly complex companies that we believe would benefit from operational
 improvements. While we intend to implement such improvements, to the extent that our efforts are delayed or we are unable to achieve the desired improvements, the business combination may not be as successful as we anticipate.

To the extent we complete our initial business combination with a large, complex business or entity with a complex operating structure, we may also be affected by numerous risks inherent in the
 operations of the business with which we combine, which could delay or prevent us from implementing our strategy. Although our management team will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target business and its operations, we may
 not be able to properly ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors until we complete our business combination. If we are not able to achieve our desired operational improvements, or the improvements take longer to implement than
 anticipated, we may not achieve the gains that we anticipate. Furthermore, some of these risks and complexities may be outside of our control and leave us with no ability to control or reduce the chances that those risks and complexities will
 adversely impact a target business. Such combination may not be as successful as a combination with a smaller, less complex organization.

36 

Table of Contents 

We may have a limited ability to assess the management of a prospective target business and, as a result, may affect our initial business combination with a target business
 whose management may not have the skills, qualifications or abilities to manage a public company.

When evaluating the desirability of effecting our initial business combination with a prospective target business, our ability to assess the target business s management may be limited due to a
 lack of time, resources or information. Our assessment of the capabilities of the target business s management, therefore, may prove to be incorrect and such management may lack the skills, qualifications or abilities we suspected. Should the
 target business s management not possess the skills, qualifications or abilities necessary to manage a public company, the operations and profitability of the post-combination business may be negatively impacted. Accordingly, any holders who choose
 to retain their securities following the business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their securities. Such holders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value.

We may issue notes or other debt securities, or otherwise incur substantial debt, to complete a business combination, which may adversely affect our leverage and financial
 condition and thus negatively impact the value of our shareholders investment in us.

Although we have no commitments as of the date of this Annual Report to issue any notes or other debt securities, or to otherwise incur outstanding debt, we may choose to incur substantial debt to
 complete our initial business combination. We and our officers and directors have agreed that we will not incur any indebtedness unless we have obtained from the lender a waiver of any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to the monies
 held in the Trust Account. As such, no issuance of debt will affect the per-share amount available for redemption from the Trust Account. Nevertheless, the incurrence of debt could have a variety of negative effects, including:

default and foreclosure on our assets if our operating revenues after an initial business combination are insufficient to repay our debt obligations;

acceleration of our obligations to repay the indebtedness even if we make all principal and interest payments when due if we breach certain covenants that require the maintenance of certain financial ratios or reserves without a waiver
 or renegotiation of that covenant;

our immediate payment of all principal and accrued interest, if any, if the debt is payable on demand;

our inability to obtain necessary additional financing if the debt contains covenants restricting our ability to obtain such financing while the debt is outstanding;

our inability to pay dividends on our Class A ordinary shares;

using a substantial portion of our cash flow to pay principal and interest on our debt, which will reduce the funds available for dividends on our Class A ordinary shares if declared, expenses, capital expenditures, acquisitions and
 other general corporate purposes;

limitations on our flexibility in planning for and reacting to changes in our business and in the industry in which we operate;

increased vulnerability to adverse changes in general economic, industry and competitive conditions and adverse changes in government regulation; and

limitations on our ability to borrow additional amounts for expenses, capital expenditures, acquisitions, debt service requirements, execution of our strategy and other purposes and other disadvantages compared to our competitors who
 have less debt.

We may only be able to complete one business combination with the proceeds of the offering and the sale of the private placement warrants, which will cause us to be solely
 dependent on a single business that may have a limited number of products or services. This lack of diversification may negatively impact our operations and profitability.

The net proceeds from our IPO and the sale of the private placement warrants, as of January 31, 2023 provided us with 2.8 million (after giving effect to the redemptions by the Company s
 shareholders in connection with the vote to approve the Extension Proposal) that we may use to complete our initial business combination. We may effectuate our initial business combination with a single-target business or multiple-target businesses
 simultaneously or within a short period of time. However, we may not be able to effectuate our initial business combination with more than one target business because of various factors, including the existence of complex accounting issues and the
 requirement that we prepare and file pro forma financial statements with the SEC that present operating results and the financial condition of several target businesses as if they had been operated on a combined basis. By completing our initial
 business combination with only a single entity, our lack of diversification may subject us to numerous economic, competitive and regulatory developments. Further, we would not be able to diversify our operations or benefit from the possible
 spreading of risks or offsetting of losses, unlike other entities that may have the resources to complete several business combinations in different industries or different areas of a single industry. Accordingly, the prospects for our success may
 be solely dependent upon the performance of a single business, property or asset; or dependent upon the development or market acceptance of a single or limited number of products, processes or services.

37 

Table of Contents 

This lack of diversification may subject us to numerous economic, competitive and regulatory risks, any or all of which may have a substantial adverse impact upon the particular industry in which
 we may operate subsequent to our initial business combination.

We may attempt to simultaneously complete business combinations with multiple prospective targets, which may hinder our ability to complete our initial business combination and
 give rise to increased costs and risks that could negatively impact our operations and profitability.

As at the date of this Annual Report, we only intend to effectuate a business combination with a single target business, Prize. If however, we determine to simultaneously acquire
 several businesses that are owned by different sellers, we will need for each of such sellers to agree that our purchase of its business is contingent on the simultaneous closings of the other business combinations, which may make it more
 difficult for us, and delay our ability, to complete our initial business combination. With multiple business combinations, we could also face additional risks, including additional burdens and costs with respect to possible multiple negotiations
 and due diligence (if there are multiple sellers) and the additional risks associated with the subsequent assimilation of the operations and services or products of the acquired companies in a single operating business. If we are unable to
 adequately address these risks, it could negatively impact our profitability and results of operations. 

We may attempt to complete our initial business combination with a private company (such as Prize) about which little information is available, which may result in a business
 combination with a company that is not as profitable as we suspected, if at all.

In pursuing our acquisition strategy, we may seek to effectuate our initial business combination with a privately held company. Very little public information generally exists about private
 companies, including Prize, and we could be required to make our decision on whether to pursue a potential initial business combination on the basis of limited information and certain information relating to projections and forecasts, which are
 inherently based on various estimates and assumptions that are subject to the judgment of those preparing them, which may result in a business combination with a company that is less profitable than as we suspected, if at all.

Risks Relating to our Securities

The securities in which we invest the funds held in the Trust Account could bear a negative rate of interest, which could reduce the value of the assets held in trust such that
 the per-share redemption amount received by public shareholders may be less than 10.89 per share.

The proceeds held in the Trust Account may only be invested in U.S. government treasury obligations with a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under
 Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act, which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations. While short-term U.S. government treasury obligations currently yield a positive rate of interest, they have briefly yielded negative
 interest rates in recent years. Central banks in Europe and Japan pursued interest rates below zero in recent years, and the Open Market Committee of the Federal Reserve has not ruled out the possibility that it may in the future adopt similar
 policies in the United States. In the event that we are unable to complete our initial business combination or make certain amendments to our Articles, our public shareholders are entitled to receive their pro rata share of the proceeds held in the
 Trust Account, plus any interest income, net of taxes paid or payable (less, in the case we are unable to complete our initial business combination, 100,000 of interest). Negative interest rates could reduce the value of the assets held in trust
 such that the per-share redemption amount received by public shareholders may be less than 10.89 per share.

38 

Table of Contents 

If we were deemed to be an investment company for purposes of the Investment Company Act, our activities would be severely restricted, we would be required to institute burdensome compliance
 requirement and we may be forced to abandon our efforts to complete an initial business combination and instead be required to liquidate the Company. To mitigate the risk that we might be deemed to be an investment company for purposes of the
 Investment Company Act, we may, at any time, have to liquidate the securities held in the Trust Account and instead hold all funds in the Trust Account in cash until the earlier of the consummation of our initial business combination or our
 liquidation. Following any such liquidation, we will likely receive minimal interest, if any, on the funds held in the Trust Account, which would reduce the dollar amount that our public shareholders would receive upon any redemption or
 liquidation of the Company.

On March 30, 2022, the SEC issued proposed rules (the SPAC Rule Proposals ), which include proposals relating to, among other matters, the circumstances in which SPACs such as us could potentially
 be subject to the Investment Company Act and the regulations thereunder. The SPAC Rule Proposals would provide a safe harbor for SPACs satisfying certain criteria from the definition of investment company under Section 3(a)(1)(A) of the
 Investment Company Act, provided that a SPAC satisfies certain criteria, including a limited time period to announce and complete a de-SPAC transaction. Specifically, to comply with the safe harbor, the SPAC Rule Proposals would require a company
 to file a report on Form 8-K announcing that it has entered into an agreement with a target company for an initial business combination no later than 18 months after the effective date of the registration statement of our IPO (as defined below)
 (the IPO Registration Statement ). The company would then be required to complete its initial business combination no later than 24 months after the effective date of the IPO Registration Statement.

Given that the SPAC Rule Proposals have not yet been adopted, there is currently uncertainty concerning the applicability of the Investment Company Act to a SPAC, including a company like ours,
 that may not complete its initial business combination within 24 months after the effective date of its IPO Registration Statement. As a result, it is possible that a claim could be made that we have been operating as an unregistered investment
 company. If we were deemed to be an investment company for purposes of the Investment Company Act, our activities would be severely restricted, we would be subject to additional regulatory burdens and expenses and, unless we are able to modify our
 activities so that we would not be deemed an investment company, we might be forced to abandon our efforts to complete an initial business combination and instead be required to liquidate the Company. If we are required to liquidate the Company,
 our investors would not be able to realize the benefits of owning stock in a successor operating business, including the potential appreciation in the value of our shares and warrants following such a transaction, and our warrants would expire
 worthless.

The funds in the Trust Account have, since our IPO, been held only in U.S. government treasury obligations with a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds investing solely in U.S.
 government treasury obligations and meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act. However, to mitigate the risk of us being deemed to have been operating as an unregistered investment company (including under the
 subjective test of Section 3(a)(1)(A) of the Investment Company Act) and thus subject to regulation under the Investment Company Act, we may, at any time, and we expect that we will, on or prior to the 24-month anniversary of the effective date of
 the IPO Registration Statement, instruct Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, the trustee with respect to the Trust Account, to liquidate the U.S. government treasury obligations or money market funds held in the Trust Account and
 thereafter to hold all funds in the Trust Account in cash until the earlier of consummation of our initial business combination or liquidation. As a result, following such liquidation, we will likely receive minimal interest, if any, on the funds
 held in the Trust Account, which would reduce the dollar amount our public shareholders would receive upon any redemption of their shares or liquidation of the Company.

In addition, even prior to the 24-month anniversary of the effective date of our IPO Registration Statement, we may be deemed to be an investment company. The longer that the funds in the Trust
 Account are held in short-term U.S. government treasury obligations or in money market funds invested exclusively in such securities, even prior to such 24-month anniversary, the greater the risk that we may be considered an unregistered investment
 company, in which case we may be required to liquidate the Company. Accordingly, we may determine, in our discretion, to liquidate the securities held in the Trust Account at any time, even prior to the 24-month anniversary of the effective date of
 our IPO Registration Statement, and instead hold all funds in the Trust Account in cash, which would further reduce the dollar amount our public shareholders would receive upon any redemption of their shares or liquidation of the Company.

The value of the founder shares following completion of our initial business combination is likely to be substantially higher than the nominal price paid for them, even if the
 trading price of our ordinary shares at such time is substantially less than 10.00 per share.

Even if the trading price of our ordinary shares was as low as approximately 1.29 per share, the value of the founder shares would be equal to the sponsor s initial investment in us. As a result, our sponsor is
 likely to be able to recoup its investment in us and make a substantial profit on that investment, even if our public shares have lost significant value. Accordingly, our management team, which owns interests in our sponsor, may have an economic
 incentive that differs from that of the public shareholders to pursue and consummate an initial business combination rather than to liquidate and to return all of the cash in the trust to the public shareholders, even if that business combination
 were with a riskier or less-established target business. For the foregoing reasons, you should consider our management team s financial incentive to complete an initial business combination when evaluating whether to redeem your shares prior to
 or in connection with the initial business combination.

39 

Table of Contents 

We may issue additional Class A ordinary shares or preference shares to complete our initial business combination or under an
 employee incentive plan after the completion of our initial business combination. We may also issue Class A ordinary shares upon the conversion of the founder shares at a ratio greater than one-to-one at the time of our initial business
 combination as a result of the anti-dilution provisions contained in our Articles. Any such issuances would dilute the interest of our shareholders and likely present other risks. 

Our Articles authorizes the issuance of up to 200,000,000 Class A ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 per share, 20,000,000 Class B ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 per share, and 2,000,000
 preference shares, par value 0.0001 per share. As of January 31, 2023, there were 183,750,000 and 14,968,750 authorized but unissued Class A ordinary shares and Class B ordinary shares, respectively, available for issuance which amount does not
 take into account shares reserved for issuance upon exercise of outstanding warrants or shares issuable upon conversion of the Class B ordinary shares, if any. The Class B ordinary shares will automatically convert into Class A ordinary shares
 (which such Class A ordinary shares delivered upon conversion will not have any redemption rights or be entitled to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account if we fail to consummate an initial business combination) at the time of our
 initial business combination or earlier at the option of the holders thereof as described herein and in our Articles. As of December 31, 2022, there are no preference shares issued and outstanding.

We may issue a substantial number of additional Class A ordinary shares or preference shares to complete our initial business combination or under an employee incentive plan after the completion of
 our initial business combination. We may also issue Class A ordinary shares in connection with our redeeming the warrants or upon conversion of the Class B ordinary shares at a ratio greater than one-to-one at the time of our initial business
 combination as a result of certain anti-dilution provisions contained in such securities.

However, our Articles provides, among other things, that prior to or in connection with our initial business combination, we may not issue additional shares that would entitle the holders thereof
 to (i) receive funds from the Trust Account or (ii) vote on any initial business combination or on any other proposal presented to shareholders prior to or in connection with the completion of an initial business combination. These provisions of
 our Articles, like all provisions of our Articles, may be amended with a shareholder vote. The issuance of additional ordinary or preference shares:

may significantly dilute the equity interest of investors in this offering, which dilution would increase if the anti-dilution provisions in the Class B ordinary shares resulted in the issuance of Class A ordinary shares on a greater
 than one-to-one basis upon conversion of the Class B ordinary shares;

may subordinate the rights of holders of Class A ordinary shares if preference shares are issued with rights senior to those afforded our Class A ordinary shares;

could cause a change in control if a substantial number of Class A ordinary shares are issued, which may affect, among other things, our ability to use our net operating loss carry forwards, if any, and could result in the resignation or
 removal of our present officers and directors;

may have the effect of delaying or preventing a change of control of us by diluting the share ownership or voting rights of a person seeking to obtain control of us;

may adversely affect prevailing market prices for our units, Class A ordinary shares and/or warrants; and

may not result in adjustment to the exercise price of our warrants.

40 

Table of Contents 

We have not registered the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants under the Securities Act or any state securities laws at this time, and such
 registration may not be in place when an investor desires to exercise warrants, thus precluding such investor from being able to exercise its warrants except on a cashless basis and potentially causing such warrants to expire worthless.

We have not registered the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants under the Securities Act or any state securities laws at this time. However, under the terms of the warrant
 agreement, we have agreed that, as soon as practicable, but in no event later than 20 business days after the closing of our initial business combination, we will use our commercially reasonable efforts to file with the SEC a registration statement
 covering the issuance of such shares, and we will use our commercially reasonable efforts to cause the same to become effective within 60 business days after the closing of our initial business combination and to maintain the effectiveness of such
 registration statement and a current prospectus relating to those Class A ordinary shares until the warrants expire or are redeemed. We cannot assure you that we will be able to do so if, for example, any facts or events arise that represent a
 fundamental change in the information set forth in the registration statement or prospectus, the financial statements contained or incorporated by reference therein are not current, complete or correct or the SEC issues a stop order. If the shares
 issuable upon exercise of the warrants are not registered under the Securities Act in accordance with the above requirements, we will be required to permit holders to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis. However, we will not be obligated to
 issue any shares to holders seeking to exercise their warrants, unless the issuance of the shares upon such exercise is registered or qualified under the securities laws of the state of the exercising holder, or an exemption from registration is
 available. Notwithstanding the above, if our Class A ordinary shares are at the time of any exercise of a warrant not listed on a national securities exchange such that they satisfy the definition of a covered security under Section 18(b)(1) of
 the Securities Act, we may, at our option, require holders of public warrants who exercise their warrants to do so on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act and, in the event we so elect, we will not be required
 to file or maintain in effect a registration statement, but we will use our commercially reasonable efforts to register or qualify the shares under applicable blue sky laws to the extent an exemption is not available. Additionally, if we call the
 warrants for redemption, our management will have the option to require all holders that wish to exercise warrants to do so on a cashless basis. In the event of an exercise on a cashless basis, a holder would pay the warrant exercise price by
 surrendering the warrants for that number of Class A ordinary shares equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number of Class A ordinary shares underlying the warrants, multiplied by the difference between the exercise
 price of the warrants and the fair market value (as defined in the next sentence) by (y) the fair market value. The fair market value is the average last reported sale price of the Class A ordinary shares for the 10 trading days ending on the
 third trading day prior to the date on which the notice of exercise is received by the warrant agent or on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders of warrants, as applicable. Exercising the warrants on a cashless basis could have the
 effect of reducing the potential upside of the holder s investment in our company because the warrant holder will hold a smaller number of Class A ordinary shares upon a cashless exercise of the warrants they hold. In no event will we be required
 to net cash settle any warrant, or issue securities or other compensation in exchange for the warrants in the event that we are unable to register or qualify the shares underlying the warrants under applicable state securities laws and no exemption
 is available. If the issuance of the shares upon exercise of the warrants is not so registered or qualified or exempt from registration or qualification, the holder of such warrant shall not be entitled to exercise such warrant and such warrant may
 have no value and expire worthless. In such event, holders who acquired their warrants as part of a purchase of units will have paid the full unit purchase price solely for the Class A ordinary shares included in the units. There may be a
 circumstance where an exemption from registration exists for holders of our private placement warrants to exercise their warrants while a corresponding exemption does not exist for holders of the public warrants included as part of units sold in
 this offering. In such an instance, our sponsor and its permitted transferees (which may include our directors and officers) would be able to exercise their warrants and sell the ordinary shares underlying their warrants while holders of our public
 warrants would not be able to exercise their warrants and sell the underlying ordinary shares. If and when the warrants become redeemable by us, we may exercise our redemption right even if we are unable to register or qualify the underlying Class
 A ordinary shares for sale under all applicable state securities laws. As a result, we may redeem the warrants as set forth above even if the holders are otherwise unable to exercise their warrants.

We may amend the terms of the warrants in a manner that may be adverse to holders of public warrants with the approval by the holders of at least 65 of the then-outstanding
 public warrants. As a result, the exercise price of your warrants could be increased, the exercise period could be shortened and the number of our Class A ordinary shares purchasable upon exercise of a warrant could be decreased, all without your
 approval.

Our warrants were issued in registered form under a warrant agreement between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as warrant agent, and us. The warrant agreement provides that the terms
 of the warrants may be amended without the consent of any holder for the purpose of (i) curing any ambiguity or correcting any mistake, including to conform the provisions of the warrant agreement to the description of the terms of the warrants and
 the warrant agreement set forth in our IPO prospectus, or defective provision (ii) amending the provisions relating to cash dividends on ordinary shares as contemplated by and in accordance with the warrant agreement or (iii) adding or changing any
 provisions with respect to matters or questions arising under the warrant agreement as the parties to the warrant agreement may deem necessary or desirable and that the parties deem to not adversely affect the rights of the registered holders of
 the warrants, provided that the approval by the holders of at least 65 of the then-outstanding public warrants is required to make any change that adversely affects the interests of the registered holders of public warrants. Accordingly, we may
 amend the terms of the public warrants in a manner adverse to a holder if holders of at least 65 of the then-outstanding public warrants approve of such amendment and, solely with respect to any amendment to the terms of the private placement
 warrants or any provision of the warrant agreement with respect to the private placement warrants, 65 of the number of the then outstanding private placement warrants. Although our ability to amend the terms of the public warrants with the consent
 of at least 65 of the then-outstanding public warrants is unlimited, examples of such amendments could be amendments to, among other things, increase the exercise price of the warrants, convert the warrants into cash, shorten the exercise period
 or decrease the number of Class A ordinary shares purchasable upon exercise of a warrant.

Our warrant agreement designates the courts of the State of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York as the sole and exclusive forum
 for certain types of actions and proceedings that may be initiated by holders of our warrants, which could limit the ability of warrant holders to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with our company.

Our warrant agreement provides that, subject to applicable law, (i) any action, proceeding or claim against us arising out of or relating in any way to the warrant agreement, including under the
 Securities Act, will be brought and enforced in the courts of the State of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York, and (ii) that we irrevocably submit to such jurisdiction, which jurisdiction shall be the
 exclusive forum for any such action, proceeding or claim. We will waive any objection to such exclusive jurisdiction and that such courts represent an inconvenient forum.

41 

Table of Contents 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, these provisions of the warrant agreement will not apply to suits brought to enforce any liability or duty created by the Exchange Act or any other claim for which
 the federal district courts of the United States of America are the sole and exclusive forum. Accordingly, our exclusive forum provision will not relieve us of our duties to comply with the federal securities laws and the rules and regulations
 thereunder, and holders of our warrants will not be deemed to have waived our compliance with these laws, rules and regulations. Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in any of our warrants shall be deemed to have
 notice of and to have consented to the forum provisions in our warrant agreement. If any action, the subject matter of which is within the scope the forum provisions of the warrant agreement, is filed in a court other than a court of the State of
 New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York (a foreign action in the name of any holder of our warrants, such holder shall be deemed to have consented to: (x) the personal jurisdiction of the state and
 federal courts located in the State of New York in connection with any action brought in any such court to enforce the forum provisions (an enforcement action ), and (y) having service of process made upon such warrant holder in any such
 enforcement action by service upon such warrant holder s counsel in the foreign action as agent for such warrant holder.

This choice-of-forum provision may limit a warrant holder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with our company, which may discourage such lawsuits.
 Alternatively, if a court were to find this provision of our warrant agreement inapplicable or unenforceable with respect to one or more of the specified types of actions or proceedings, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such
 matters in other jurisdictions, which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations and result in a diversion of the time and resources of our management and board of directors.

We may redeem your unexpired warrants prior to their exercise at a time that is disadvantageous to you, thereby making your warrants worthless.

We have the ability to redeem the outstanding public warrants at any time after they become exercisable and prior to their expiration, at a price of 0.01 per warrant, provided that the closing price of our Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds 18.00 per share (as adjusted for adjustments to the number of shares issuable upon exercise or the exercise price of a warrant as described under
 the heading Description of Securities Warrants Public Shareholders Warrants Anti-Dilution Adjustments for any 20 trading days within a 30 trading-day period ending on the third trading day prior to proper notice of such redemption and provided that certain other conditions are met. If and when the warrants become redeemable by us, we may exercise our redemption right even if we are unable to register or qualify the underlying securities for
 sale under all applicable state securities laws. As a result, we may redeem the warrants as set forth above even if the holders are otherwise unable to exercise the warrants. Redemption of the outstanding warrants could force you to (i) exercise
 your warrants and pay the exercise price therefor at a time when it may be disadvantageous for you to do so, (ii) sell your warrants at the then-current market price when you might otherwise wish to hold your warrants or (iii) accept the nominal
 redemption price which, at the time the outstanding warrants are called for redemption, we expect would be substantially less than the market value of your warrants.

None of the private placement warrants will be redeemable by us so long as they are held by our sponsor, Cantor, CCM or their permitted transferees.

Our warrants may have an adverse effect on the market price of our Class A ordinary shares and make it more difficult to effectuate our initial business combination.

We have issued warrants to purchase 7,187,500 Class A ordinary shares as part of the units sold in our IPO and have issued in a private placement an aggregate of 6,100,000 private placement
 warrants, each exercisable to purchase one Class A ordinary share at 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment. In addition, if the sponsor, its affiliates or a member of our management team makes any working capital loans, it may convert up to
 1,500,000 of such loans into up to an additional 1,200,000 private placement warrants, at the price of 1.25 per warrant.

To the extent we issue ordinary shares for any reason, including to effectuate a business combination, the potential for the issuance of a substantial number of additional Class A ordinary shares
 upon exercise of these warrants could make us a less attractive acquisition vehicle to a target business. Such warrants, when exercised, will increase the number of issued and outstanding Class A ordinary shares and reduce the value of the Class A
 ordinary shares issued to complete the business transaction. Therefore, our warrants may make it more difficult to effectuate a business transaction or increase the cost of acquiring the target business.

42 

Table of Contents 

Because each unit contains one-half of one redeemable warrant and only a whole warrant may be exercised, the units may be worth less than units of other blank check companies.

Each unit contains one-half of one redeemable warrant. Pursuant to the warrant agreement, no fractional warrants will be issued upon separation of the units, and only whole units will trade. If,
 upon exercise of the warrants, a holder would be entitled to receive a fractional interest in a share, we will, upon exercise, round down to the nearest whole number the number of Class A ordinary shares to be issued to the warrant holder. This is
 different from other special purpose acquisition companies whose units include one ordinary share and one whole warrant to purchase one whole share. We have established the components of the units in this way in order to reduce the dilutive effect
 of the warrants upon the completion of a business combination since the warrants will be exercisable in the aggregate for one-half of the number of shares compared to units that each contain a whole warrant to purchase one whole share, thus making
 us, we believe, a more attractive merger partner for target businesses. Nevertheless, this unit structure may cause our units to be worth less than if a unit included a warrant to purchase one whole share.

A provision of our warrant agreement may make it more difficult for us to consummate an initial business combination.

Unlike most blank check companies, if (i) we issue additional Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection with the closing of our initial business
 combination at a Newly Issued Price of less than 9.20 per ordinary share, (ii) the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent more than 60 of the total equity proceeds, and interest thereon, available for the funding of our initial
 business combination on the date of the consummation of our initial business combination (net of redemptions), and (iii) the Market Value is below 9.20 per share, then the exercise price of the warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be
 equal to 115 of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price, and the 18.00 per share redemption trigger prices will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 180 of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price.
 This may make it more difficult for us to consummate an initial business combination with a target business.

Our warrants are accounted for as a warrant liability and were recorded at fair value upon issuance with changes in fair value each period reported in earnings, which may have
 an adverse effect on the market price of our Class A ordinary shares or may make it more difficult for us to consummate an initial business combination.

We have issued an aggregate of 13,287,500 warrants in connection with our IPO (comprised of the 7,187,500 warrants included in the units and the 6,100,000 private placement warrants). We accounted
 for these as a warrant liability and were recorded at fair value upon issuance with any changes in fair value each period reported in earnings as determined by us based upon a valuation report obtained from our independent third party valuation
 firm. The impact of changes in fair value on earnings may have an adverse effect on the market price of our Class A ordinary shares. In addition, potential targets may seek a SPAC that does not have warrants that are accounted for as a warrant
 liability, which may make it more difficult for us to consummate an initial business combination with a target business.

The determination of the offering price of our units and the size of the IPO is more arbitrary than the pricing of securities and size of an offering of an operating company in
 a particular industry. You may have less assurance, therefore, that the offering price of our units properly reflects the value of such units than you would have in a typical offering of an operating company.

Prior to our IPO there was no public market for any of our securities. The public offering price of the units and the terms of the warrants were negotiated between us and the underwriters. In
 determining the size of this offering, management held customary organizational meetings with the underwriters, both prior to our inception and thereafter, with respect to the state of capital markets, generally, and the amount the underwriters
 believed they reasonably could raise on our behalf. Factors considered in determining the size of our IPO, prices and terms of the units, including the Class A ordinary shares and warrants underlying the units, include:

the history and prospects of companies whose principal business is the acquisition of other companies;

prior offerings of those companies;

our prospects for acquiring an operating business at attractive values;

a review of debt-to-equity ratios in leveraged transactions;

our capital structure;

an assessment of our management and their experience in identifying operating companies;

general conditions of the securities markets at the time of this offering; and

other factors as were deemed relevant.

43 

Table of Contents 

Although these factors were considered, the determination of our offering price is more arbitrary than the pricing of securities of an operating company in a particular industry since we have no
 historical operations or financial results.

We may issue our shares to investors in connection with our initial business combination at a price that is less than the prevailing market price of our shares at that time.

In connection with our initial business combination, we may issue shares to investors in a private placement transaction PIPE at a price of 10.89 per share or which approximates the per-share
 amounts in our Trust Account at such time, which is generally approximately 10.89. The purpose of such issuances will be to enable us to provide sufficient liquidity to the post-business combination entity. The price of the shares we issue may
 therefore be less, and potentially significantly less, than the market price for our shares at such time.

A market for our securities may not continue, which would adversely affect the liquidity and price of our securities.

The price of our securities may vary significantly due to one or more potential business combinations and general market or economic conditions, including as a result of the COVID-19 outbreak.
 Furthermore, an active trading market for our securities may never develop or, if developed, it may not be sustained. You may be unable to sell your securities unless a market can be established and sustained.

Provisions in our Articles may inhibit a takeover of us, which could limit the price investors might be willing to pay in the future for our Class A ordinary shares and could
 entrench management.

Our Articles contains provisions that may discourage unsolicited takeover proposals that shareholders may consider to be in their best interests. These provisions include a staggered board of
 directors and the ability of the board of directors to designate the terms of and issue new series of preference shares, which may make more difficult the removal of management and may discourage transactions that otherwise could involve payment of
 a premium over prevailing market prices for our securities.

Because we are incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands, you may face difficulties in protecting your interests, and your ability to protect your rights through the
 U.S. federal courts may be limited.

We are an exempted company incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands. As a result, it may be difficult for investors to effect service of process within the United States upon our directors
 or executive officers, or enforce judgments obtained in the United States courts against our directors or officers.

Our corporate affairs will be governed by our Articles, the Companies Act (as the same may be supplemented or amended from time to time) and the common law of the Cayman Islands. We will also be
 subject to the federal securities laws of the United States. The rights of shareholders to take action against the directors, actions by minority shareholders and the fiduciary responsibilities of our directors to us under Cayman Islands law are to
 a large extent governed by the common law of the Cayman Islands. The common law of the Cayman Islands is derived in part from comparatively limited judicial precedents in the Cayman Islands as well as from English common law, the decisions of whose
 courts are of persuasive authority, but are not binding on a court in the Cayman Islands. The rights of our shareholders and the fiduciary responsibilities of our directors under Cayman Islands law are different from what they would be under
 statutes or judicial precedent in some jurisdictions in the United States. In particular, the Cayman Islands has a different body of securities laws as compared to the United States, and certain states, such as Delaware, may have more fully
 developed and judicially interpreted bodies of corporate law. In addition, Cayman Islands companies may not have standing to initiate a shareholders derivative action in a federal court of the United States.

We have been advised by our Cayman Islands legal counsel that the courts of the Cayman Islands are unlikely (i) to recognize or enforce against us judgments of courts of the United States
 predicated upon the civil liability provisions of the federal securities laws of the United States or any state; and (ii) in original actions brought in the Cayman Islands, to impose liabilities against us predicated upon the civil liability
 provisions of the federal securities laws of the United States or any state, so far as the liabilities imposed by those provisions are penal in nature. In those circumstances, although there is no statutory enforcement in the Cayman Islands of
 judgments obtained in the United States, the courts of the Cayman Islands will recognize and enforce a foreign money judgment of a foreign court of competent jurisdiction without retrial on the merits based on the principle that a judgment of a
 competent foreign court imposes upon the judgment debtor an obligation to pay the sum for which judgment has been given provided certain conditions are met. For a foreign judgment to be enforced in the Cayman Islands, such judgment must be final
 and conclusive and for a liquidated sum, and must not be in respect of taxes or a fine or penalty, inconsistent with a Cayman Islands judgment in respect of the same matter, impeachable on the grounds of fraud or obtained in a manner, or be of a
 kind the enforcement of which is, contrary to natural justice or the public policy of the Cayman Islands (awards of punitive or multiple damages may well be held to be contrary to public policy). A Cayman Islands court may stay enforcement
 proceedings if concurrent proceedings are being brought elsewhere.

44 

Table of Contents 

As a result of all of the above, public shareholders may have more difficulty in protecting their interests in the face of actions taken by management, members of the board of directors or
 controlling shareholders than they would as public shareholders of a United States company.

If we have not consummated an initial business combination within the Extension Period (or such later date as may be approved by our shareholders), our public shareholders may
 be forced to wait beyond such date before redemption from our Trust Account.

If we have not consummated an initial business combination within the Extension Period, the proceeds then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust
 Account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes, if any (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), will be used to fund the redemption of our public shares, as further described herein. Any redemption of public
 shareholders from the Trust Account will be effected automatically by function of our Articles prior to any voluntary winding up. If we are required to wind up, liquidate the Trust Account and distribute such amount therein, pro rata, to our public
 shareholders, as part of any liquidation process, such winding up, liquidation and distribution must comply with the applicable provisions of the Companies Act. In that case, investors may be forced to wait beyond the Extension Period before the
 redemption proceeds of our Trust Account become available to them and they can receive the return of their pro rata portion of the proceeds from our Trust Account. We have no obligation to return funds to investors prior to the date of our
 redemption or liquidation unless, prior thereto, we consummate our initial business combination or amend certain provisions of our Articles, and only then in cases where investors have sought to redeem their Class A ordinary shares. Only upon our
 redemption or any liquidation will public shareholders be entitled to distributions if we do not complete our initial business combination and do not amend certain provisions of our Articles. Our Articles provides that, if we wind up for any other
 reason prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, we will follow the foregoing procedures with respect to the liquidation of the Trust Account as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter,
 subject to applicable Cayman Islands law.

The warrants may become exercisable and redeemable for a security other than the Class A ordinary shares, and you will not have any information regarding such other security at
 this time.

In certain situations, including if we are not the surviving entity in our initial business combination, the warrants may become exercisable for a security other than the Class A ordinary shares.
 As a result, if the surviving company redeems your warrants for securities pursuant to the warrant agreement, you may receive a security in a company of which you do not have information at this time. Pursuant to the warrant agreement, the
 surviving company will be required to use commercially reasonable efforts to register the issuance of the security underlying the warrants within 20 business days of the closing of an initial business combination.

The grant of registration rights to our sponsor may make it more difficult to complete our initial business combination, and the future exercise of such rights may adversely
 affect the market price of our Class A ordinary shares.

Our sponsor and its permitted transferees can demand that we register the resale of the Class A ordinary shares into which founder shares are convertible, the private placement warrants and the
 Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the private placement warrants, and warrants that may be issued upon conversion of working capital loans and the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon conversion of such warrants. The registration
 rights will be exercisable with respect to the founder shares and the private placement warrants and the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of such private placement warrants. We will bear the costs of registering these securities. The
 registration and availability of such a significant number of securities for trading in the public market may have an adverse effect on the market price of our Class A ordinary shares. In addition, the existence of the registration rights may make
 our initial business combination more costly or difficult to conclude. This is because the shareholders of the target business may increase the equity stake they seek in the combined entity or ask for more cash consideration to offset the negative
 impact on the market price of our securities that is expected when the securities owned by our sponsor or its permitted transferees are registered for resale.

We may reincorporate or become a tax resident in another jurisdiction in connection with our initial business combination and such reincorporation or change in tax residency may
 result in taxes imposed on shareholders and warrant holders.

We may, in connection with our initial business combination and subject to requisite shareholder approval under the Companies Act, reincorporate in the jurisdiction in which the target company or
 business is located or in another jurisdiction. Tax structuring considerations are complex, the relevant facts and law are uncertain and may change, and we may prioritize commercial and other considerations over tax considerations. The transaction
 may require a shareholder or warrant holder to recognize taxable income in the jurisdiction in which the shareholder or warrant holder is a tax resident or in which its members are resident if it is a tax transparent entity. We do not intend to
 make any cash distributions to shareholders or warrant holders to pay such taxes. Shareholders or warrant holders may be subject to withholding taxes or other taxes with respect to their ownership of us after the reincorporation. In addition,
 regardless of whether we reincorporate in another jurisdiction, we could be treated as tax resident in the jurisdiction in which the partner company or business is located, which could result in adverse tax consequences to us (e.g., taxation on our
 worldwide income in such jurisdiction) and to our shareholders or warrant holders (e.g., withholding taxes on dividends and taxation of disposition gains).

45 

Table of Contents 

Risks Relating to our Sponsor and Management Team

Past performance by our management team or their respective affiliates may not be indicative of future performance of an investment in us.

Information regarding performance is presented for informational purposes only. Any past experience or performance of our management team or their respective affiliates is not a guarantee of either
 (i) our ability to successfully identify and execute a transaction or (ii) success with respect to any business combination that we may consummate. You should not rely on the historical record of our management team or their respective affiliates
 as indicative of the future performance of an investment in us or the returns we will, or are likely to, generate going forward. Our management has no experience in operating special purpose acquisition companies.

Our ability to successfully effect our initial business combination and to be successful thereafter will be totally dependent upon the efforts of our key personnel, some of whom
 may join us following our initial business combination. The loss of key personnel could negatively impact the operations and profitability of our post-combination business.

Our ability to successfully effect our initial business combination is dependent upon the efforts of our key personnel. The role of our key personnel in the target business, however, cannot
 presently be ascertained. Although some of our key personnel may remain with the target business in senior management, director or advisory positions following our initial business combination, it is likely that some or all of the management of the
 target business will remain in place. While we intend to closely scrutinize any individuals we engage after our initial business combination, we cannot assure you that our assessment of these individuals will prove to be correct. These individuals
 may be unfamiliar with the requirements of operating a company regulated by the SEC, which could cause us to have to expend time and resources helping them become familiar with such requirements.

46 

Table of Contents 

Our key personnel may negotiate employment or consulting agreements with a target business in connection with a particular business combination, and a particular business
 combination may be conditioned on the retention or resignation of such key personnel. These agreements may provide for them to receive compensation following our initial business combination and as a result, may cause them to have conflicts of
 interest in determining whether a particular business combination is the most advantageous.

Our key personnel may be able to remain with our company after the completion of our initial business combination only if they are able to negotiate employment or consulting agreements in
 connection with the business combination. Such negotiations would take place simultaneously with the negotiation of the business combination and could provide for such individuals to receive compensation in the form of cash payments and/or our
 securities for services they would render to us after the completion of the business combination. Such negotiations also could make such key personnel s retention or resignation a condition to any such agreement. The personal and financial
 interests of such individuals may influence their motivation in identifying and selecting a target business.

The officers and directors of an acquisition candidate may resign upon the completion of our initial business combination. The loss of a business combination target s key
 personnel could negatively impact the operations and profitability of our post-combination business.

The role of an acquisition candidate s key personnel upon the completion of our initial business combination cannot be ascertained at this time. Although we contemplate that certain member of an
 acquisition candidate s management team will remain associated with the acquisition candidate following our initial business combination, it is possible that members of the management of an acquisition candidate will not wish to remain in place.

Certain of our executive officers and directors may allocate their time to other businesses thereby causing conflicts of interest in their determination as to how much time to
 devote to our affairs. This conflict of interest could have a negative impact on our ability to complete our initial business combination.

Certain of our executive officers and directors are not required to, and will not, commit their full time to our affairs, which may result in a conflict of interest in allocating their time between
 our operations and our search for a business combination and their other businesses. Our executive officers may be engaged in several other business endeavors for which he may be entitled to substantial compensation, and our executive officers are
 not obligated to contribute any specific number of hours per week to our affairs. Our independent directors also serve as officers and board members for other entities. If our executive officers and directors other business affairs require them
 to devote substantial amounts of time to such affairs in excess of their current commitment levels, it could limit their ability to devote time to our affairs which may have a negative impact on our ability to complete our initial business
 combination. For a complete discussion of our executive officers and directors other business affairs, please see Management Officers and Directors. 

Our officers and directors presently have, and any of them in the future may have additional, fiduciary or contractual obligations to other entities, including another blank
 check company, and, accordingly, may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented.

We are engaged in the business of identifying and combining with one or more businesses or entities. Each of our officers and directors presently has, and any of them in the future may have
 additional, fiduciary or contractual obligations to other entities pursuant to which such officer or director is or will be required to present a business combination opportunity to such entity, subject to his or her fiduciary duties under Cayman
 Islands law. Accordingly, they may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented. These conflicts may not be resolved in our favor and a potential target business may be presented to
 another entity prior to its presentation to us, subject to their fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law.

In addition, our sponsor, officers and directors may in the future become affiliated with other blank check companies that may have acquisition objectives that are similar to ours. Accordingly,
 they may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented. These conflicts may not be resolved in our favor and a potential target business may be presented to such other blank check
 companies prior to its presentation to us, subject to our officers and directors fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law. Our Articles provide that, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law: (i) no individual serving as a director or
 an officer shall have any duty, except and to the extent expressly assumed by contract, to refrain from engaging directly or indirectly in the same or similar business activities or lines of business as us; and (ii) we renounce any interest or
 expectancy in, or in being offered an opportunity to participate in, any potential transaction or matter which may be a corporate opportunity for any director or officer, on the one hand, and us, on the other, unless such opportunity is expressly
 offered to such person in their capacity as a director or officer of our company and the opportunity is one we are permitted to complete on a reasonable basis.

47 

Table of Contents 

For a complete discussion of our executive officers and directors business affiliations and the potential conflicts of interest that you should be aware of, please see Management Officers and
 Directors, Management Conflicts of Interest and Certain Relationships and Related Party Transactions. 

From time to time, we and members of our management team may be subject to legal proceedings, regulatory disputes, and governmental inquiries that could cause us to incur
 significant expenses, divert our management s attention, and materially harm our financial condition.

From time to time, we may be subject to claims, lawsuits, government investigations, and other proceedings involving competition and antitrust, securities, tax, commercial disputes, and other
 matters that could adversely affect our financial condition. Litigation and regulatory proceedings may be protracted and expensive, and the results are difficult to predict. Additionally, such litigation and regulatory proceedings require a great
 deal of financial resources and attention from us and our management team. Adverse outcomes with respect to litigation or any of these legal proceedings may result in significant settlement costs or judgments, or penalties and fines, and could
 negatively affect our ability to identify and complete an initial business combination and may have an adverse effect on the price of our securities.

Members of our management team have been involved in a wide variety of businesses. Such involvement has, and may lead to, media coverage and public awareness. As a result, members of our management
 team and the related companies may from time to time be involved in civil disputes or governmental investigations unrelated to our business. Any such claims or investigations may be detrimental to our reputation and could negatively affect our
 ability to identify and complete an initial business combination and may have an adverse effect on the price of our securities.

Our executive officers, directors, security holders and their respective affiliates may have competitive pecuniary interests that conflict with our interests.

We have not adopted a policy that expressly prohibits our directors, executive officers, security holders or affiliates from having a direct or indirect pecuniary or financial interest in any
 investment to be acquired or disposed of by us or in any transaction to which we are a party or have an interest. In fact, we may enter into a business combination with a target business that is affiliated with our sponsor, our directors or
 executive officers. Nor do we have a policy that expressly prohibits any such persons from engaging for their own account in business activities of the types conducted by us. Accordingly, such persons or entities may have a conflict between their
 interests and ours.

The personal and financial interests of our officers and directors may influence their motivation in timely identifying and selecting a target business and completing a business combination.
 Consequently, our directors and officers discretion in identifying and selecting a suitable target business may result in a conflict of interest when determining whether the terms, conditions and timing of a particular business combination are
 appropriate and in our shareholders best interest. If this were the case, it would be a breach of their fiduciary duties to us as a matter of Cayman Islands law and we or our shareholders might have a claim against such individuals for infringing
 on our shareholders rights. However, we might not ultimately be successful in any claim we may make against them for such reason.

We may engage one or more of our underwriters from our IPO or one of their respective affiliates to provide additional services to us, which may include acting as financial
 advisor in connection with an initial business combination or as placement agent in connection with a related financing transaction. Our underwriters from our IPO are entitled to receive deferred underwriting commissions that will be released from
 the Trust Account only upon a completion of an initial business combination. These financial incentives may cause them to have potential conflicts of interest in rendering any such additional services to us after this offering, including, for
 example, in connection with the sourcing and consummation of an initial business combination.

We may engage one or more of our underwriters from our IPO or one of their respective affiliates to provide additional services to us, including, for example, identifying potential targets,
 providing financial advisory services, acting as a placement agent in a private offering or arranging debt financing transactions. We may pay such underwriter or its affiliate fair and reasonable fees or other compensation that would be determined
 at that time in an arm s length negotiation; provided that no agreement will be entered into with any of the underwriters or their respective affiliates and no fees or other compensation for such services will be paid to any of the underwriters or
 their respective affiliates prior to the date that is 60 days from the date of our IPO, unless such payment would not be deemed underwriters compensation in connection with the offering. The underwriters from our IPO are also entitled to receive
 deferred underwriting commissions that are conditioned on the completion of an initial business combination. The underwriters or their respective affiliates financial interests tied to the consummation of a business combination transaction may
 give rise to potential conflicts of interest in providing any such additional services to us, including potential conflicts of interest in connection with the sourcing and consummation of an initial business combination.

48 

Table of Contents 

We may engage in a business combination with one or more target businesses that have relationships with entities that may be affiliated with our sponsor, executive officers,
 directors or initial shareholders, which may raise potential conflicts of interest.

In light of the involvement of our sponsor, executive officers and directors with other entities, we may decide to acquire one or more businesses affiliated with our sponsor, executive officers,
 directors or initial shareholders. Our directors also serve as officers and board members for other entities, including, without limitation, those described under Management Conflicts of Interest. Our sponsor, officers and directors may sponsor,
 form or participate in other blank check companies similar to ours during the period in which we are seeking an initial business combination. Such entities may compete with us for business combination opportunities. Despite our agreement to obtain
 an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions regarding the fairness to our company from a financial point of view of a business combination with one or more domestic
 or international businesses affiliated with our sponsor, executive officers, directors or initial shareholders, potential conflicts of interest still may exist and, as a result, the terms of the business combination may not be as advantageous to
 our public shareholders as they would be absent any conflicts of interest.

Since our sponsor, executive officers and directors will lose their entire investment in us if our initial business combination is not completed (other than with respect to
 public shares they may acquire during or after this offering), a conflict of interest may arise in determining whether a particular business combination target is appropriate for our initial business combination.

On June 15, 2021, our sponsor paid 25,000, or approximately 0.005 per share, in consideration of 5,031,250 Class B ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 (which amount of Class B ordinary shares had
 been adjusted pursuant to an Amended and Restated Subscription Agreement by and between us and our sponsor, dated August 25, 2021). Prior to the initial investment in the company of 25,000 by the sponsor, the company had no assets, tangible or
 intangible. The per-share price of the founder shares was determined by dividing the amount contributed to the company by the number of founder shares issued. The founder shares will be worthless if we do not complete an initial business
 combination. In addition, our sponsor, Cantor and CCM have committed, pursuant to a written agreement, to purchase an aggregate of 6,100,000 private placement warrants (4,950,000 private placement warrants by our sponsor, 805,000 private placement
 warrants by Cantor and 345,000 private placement warranty by CCM, if the underwriters over-allotment option is exercised in full), each exercisable to purchase one Class A ordinary share at 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment, at a price of
 1.25 per warrant in a private placement that closed simultaneously with our IPO. If we do not consummate an initial business within the Extension Period (or such later date as may be approved by our shareholders), the private placement warrants
 will expire worthless. The personal and financial interests of our executive officers and directors may influence their motivation in identifying and selecting a target business combination, completing an initial business combination and
 influencing the operation of the business following the initial business combination. This risk may become more acute as the 21-month anniversary of the closing of our IPO nears, which is the deadline for our consummation of an initial business
 combination.

Our management may not be able to maintain control of a target business after our initial business combination. Upon the loss of control of a target business, new management may
 not possess the skills, qualifications or abilities necessary to profitably operate such business.

We may structure our initial business combination so that the post-business combination company in which our public shareholders own shares will own less than 100 of the equity interests or assets
 of a target business, but we will only complete such business combination if the post-business combination company owns or acquires 50 or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the
 target business sufficient for us not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. We will not consider any transaction that does not meet such criteria. Even if the post-business combination company owns
 50 or more of the voting securities of the target, our shareholders prior to our initial business combination may collectively own a minority interest in the post-business combination company, depending on valuations ascribed to the target and us
 in the business combination. For example, we could pursue a transaction in which we issue a substantial number of new Class A ordinary shares in exchange for all of the outstanding capital stock, shares or other entity interests of a target. In
 this case, we would acquire a 100 interest in the target. However, as a result of the issuance of a substantial number of new Class A ordinary shares, our shareholders immediately prior to such transaction could own less than a majority of our
 outstanding Class A ordinary shares subsequent to such transaction. In addition, other minority shareholders may subsequently combine their holdings resulting in a single person or group obtaining a larger portion the company s shares than we
 initially acquired. Accordingly, this may make it more likely that our management will not be able to maintain control of the target business.

49 

Table of Contents 

Our sponsor controls a substantial interest in us and thus may exert a substantial influence on actions requiring a shareholder vote, potentially in a manner that you do not
 support.

Our sponsor owns, on an as-converted basis, 95 of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares. Accordingly, it may exert a substantial influence on actions requiring a shareholder vote, potentially
 in a manner that you do not support, including amendments to our Articles. If our sponsor purchases any units in this offering or if our sponsor purchases any additional Class A ordinary shares in the aftermarket or in privately negotiated
 transactions, this would increase its control. Neither our sponsor nor, to our knowledge, any of our officers or directors, have any current intention to purchase additional securities, other than as disclosed in our IPO prospectus. Factors that
 would be considered in making such additional purchases would include consideration of the current trading price of our Class A ordinary shares. In addition, our board of directors, whose members were elected by our sponsor, is and will be divided
 into three classes, each of which will generally serve for a term of three years with only one class of directors being appointed in each year. We may not hold an annual general meeting to appoint new directors prior to the completion of our
 initial business combination, in which case all of the current directors will continue in office until at least the completion of the business combination. If there is an annual general meeting, as a consequence of our staggered board of
 directors, only a minority of the board of directors will be considered for election. Accordingly, our sponsor will continue to exert control at least until the completion of our initial business combination. In addition, we have agreed not to
 enter into a definitive agreement regarding an initial business combination without the prior consent of our sponsor.

After our initial business combination, it is possible that a majority of our officers and directors will live outside the United States and all of our assets will be located
 outside the United States. Therefore, investors may not be able to enforce federal securities laws or their other legal rights.

It is possible that after our initial business combination, a majority of our officers and directors will reside outside of the United States and all of our assets will be located outside of the
 United States. As a result, it may be difficult, or in some cases not possible, for investors in the United States to enforce their legal rights, to effect service of process upon all of our directors or officers or to enforce judgments of United
 States courts predicated upon civil liabilities and criminal penalties on our officers and directors under United States laws.

We are dependent upon our executive officers and directors and their loss could adversely affect our ability to operate.

Our operations are dependent upon a relatively small group of individuals and, in particular, our executive officers and directors. We believe that our success depends on the continued service of
 our officers and directors, at least until we have completed our initial business combination. In addition, our executive officers and directors are not required to commit any specified amount of time to our affairs and, accordingly, will have
 conflicts of interest in allocating their time among various business activities, including identifying potential business combinations and monitoring the related due diligence. We do not have an employment agreement with, or key-man insurance on
 the life of, any of our directors or executive officers.

The unexpected loss of the services of one or more of our directors or executive officers could have a detrimental effect on us.

Risks Associated with Acquiring and Operating a Business in Foreign Countries

If we pursue a target company with operations or opportunities outside of the United States, including in Latin America, for our initial business combination, we may face
 additional burdens in connection with investigating, agreeing to and completing such initial business combination, and if we effect such initial business combination, we would be subject to a variety of additional risks that may negatively impact
 our operations.

If we pursue a target company with operations or opportunities outside of the United States, including in Latin America, for our initial business combination, we would be subject to risks
 associated with cross-border business combinations, including in connection with investigating, agreeing to and completing our initial business combination, conducting due diligence in a foreign jurisdiction, having such transaction approved by any
 local governments, regulators or agencies and changes in the purchase price based on fluctuations in foreign exchange rates.

If we effect our initial business combination with such a company, we would be subject to any special considerations or risks associated with companies operating in an international setting,
 including in Latin America, including any of the following:

costs and difficulties inherent in managing cross-border business operations;

rules and regulations regarding currency redemption;

complex withholding tax laws, including those relating to distributions or other payments;

50 

Table of Contents 

laws governing the manner in which future business combinations may be effected;

exchange listing and/or delisting requirements;

tariffs and trade barriers;

regulations related to customs and import/export matters;

local or regional economic policies and market conditions;

unexpected changes in regulatory requirements;

longer payment cycles;

tax issues, such as tax law changes and variations in tax laws as compared to the United States;

currency fluctuations and exchange controls;

rates of inflation;

challenges in collecting accounts receivable;

cultural and language differences;

employment regulations;

underdeveloped or unpredictable legal or regulatory systems;

corruption;

protection of intellectual property;

social unrest, crime, strikes, riots and civil disturbances;

regime changes and political upheaval;

terrorist attacks, natural disasters and wars; and

deterioration of political relations with the United States.

We may not be able to adequately address these additional risks. If we were unable to do so, we may be unable to complete such initial business combination, or, if we complete such combination, our
 operations might suffer, either of which may adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations.

If we were considered to be a foreign person, we might not be able to complete an initial business combination with a U.S. target company if such initial
 business combination is subject to U.S. foreign investment regulations or review by a U.S. government entity, such as the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States CFIUS ). 

Our sponsor, Rose Hill Sponsor LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, is controlled by or has substantial ties with non-U.S. persons. Acquisitions and investments by non-U.S. persons in certain
 U.S. businesses may be subject to rules or regulations that limit foreign ownership. CFIUS is an interagency committee authorized to review certain transactions involving investments by foreign persons in U.S. businesses that have a nexus to
 critical technologies, critical infrastructure and/or sensitive personal data in order to determine the effect of such transactions on the national security of the United States. Were we or our sponsor considered to be a foreign person under such
 rules and regulations, any proposed business combination between us and a U.S. business engaged in a regulated industry or which may affect national security could be subject to such foreign ownership restrictions, CFIUS review and/or mandatory
 filings. For example, CFIUS could decide to block or delay our initial business combination, impose conditions to mitigate national security concerns with respect to such initial business combination or order us to divest all or a portion of a U.S.
 business of the combined company if we had proceeded without first obtaining CFIUS clearance.

While we do not believe the Business Combination with Prize is subject to CFIUS review, if the Business Combination falls within the scope of applicable foreign ownership restrictions, we may be
 unable to consummate the Business Combination or we may be required to make a mandatory filing or determine to submit a voluntary notice to CFIUS, or to proceed with the Business Combination without notifying CFIUS and risk CFIUS intervention,
 before or after closing the Business Combination. If we were to seek an initial business combination other than the Business Combination, the potential limitations and risks may limit the attractiveness of a transaction with us or prevent us from
 pursuing certain initial business combination opportunities that we believe would otherwise be beneficial to us and our shareholders. As a result, the pool of potential targets with which we could complete an initial business combination may be
 limited and we may be adversely affected in terms of competing with other SPACs which do not have similar foreign ownership issues. Moreover, the process of any government review, whether by CFIUS or otherwise, could be lengthy, which could delay
 our ability to close our initial business combination within the requisite time period, which means we may be required to liquidate.

51 

Table of Contents 

If we liquidate, our public shareholders may only receive their pro rata share of amounts held in the Trust Account, and our warrants will expire worthless. This will also cause you to lose any
 potential investment opportunity in a target company and the chance of realizing future gains on your investment through any price appreciation in the combined company.

If our management following our initial business combination is unfamiliar with United States securities laws, they may have to expend time and resources becoming familiar with
 such laws, which could lead to various regulatory issues.

Following our initial business combination, our management may resign from their positions as officers or directors of the company and the management of the target business at the time of the
 business combination will remain in place. Management of the target business may not be familiar with United States securities laws. If new management is unfamiliar with United States securities laws, they may have to expend time and resources
 becoming familiar with such laws. This could be expensive and time-consuming and could lead to various regulatory issues which may adversely affect our operations.

After our initial business combination, substantially all of our assets may be located in a foreign country and substantially all of our revenue may be derived from our
 operations in any such country. Accordingly, our results of operations and prospects will be subject, to a significant extent, to the economic, political and social conditions and government policies, developments and conditions in the country in
 which we operate.

The economic, political and social conditions, as well as government policies, of the country in which our operations are located could affect our business. Economic growth could be uneven, both
 geographically and among various sectors of the economy and such growth may not be sustained in the future. If in the future such country s economy experiences a downturn or grows at a slower rate than expected, there may be less demand for
 spending in certain industries. A decrease in demand for spending in certain industries could materially and adversely affect our ability to find an attractive target business with which to consummate our initial business combination and if we
 effect our initial business combination, the ability of that target business to become profitable.

Exchange rate fluctuations and currency policies may cause a target business ability to succeed in the international markets to be diminished.

In the event we acquire a non-U.S. target, all revenues and income would likely be received in a foreign currency, and the dollar equivalent of our net assets and distributions, if any, could be
 adversely affected by reductions in the value of the local currency. The value of the currencies in our target regions fluctuate and are affected by, among other things, changes in political and economic conditions. Any change in the relative value
 of such currency against our reporting currency may affect the attractiveness of any target business or, following the consummation of our initial business combination, our financial condition and results of operations. Additionally, if a currency
 appreciates in value against the dollar prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, the cost of a target business as measured in dollars will increase, which may make it less likely that we are able to consummate such
 transaction.

We may reincorporate in another jurisdiction in connection with our initial business combination, and the laws of such jurisdiction may govern some or all of our future material
 agreements and we may not be able to enforce our legal rights.

In connection with our initial business combination, we may relocate the home jurisdiction of our business from the Cayman Islands to another jurisdiction. If we determine to do this, the laws of
 such jurisdiction may govern some or all of our future material agreements. The system of laws and the enforcement of existing laws in such jurisdiction may not be as certain in implementation and interpretation as in the United States. The
 inability to enforce or obtain a remedy under any of our future agreements could result in a significant loss of business, business opportunities or capital.

Changes in laws or regulations, or a failure to comply with any laws and regulations, may adversely affect our business, including our ability to negotiate and complete our
 initial business combination, and results of operations.

We are subject to laws and regulations enacted by national, regional and local governments. In particular, we will be required to comply with certain SEC and other legal requirements. Compliance
 with, and monitoring of, applicable laws and regulations may be difficult, time consuming and costly. Those laws and regulations and their interpretation and application may also change from time to time and those changes could have a material
 adverse effect on our business, investments and results of operations. In addition, a failure to comply with applicable laws or regulations, as interpreted and applied, could have a material adverse effect on our business, including our ability to
 negotiate and complete our initial business combination, and results of operations.

52 

Table of Contents 

Risks Related to Rose Hill and the Business Combination

Each of Rose Hill and Prize will incur significant transaction costs in connection with the Business Combination.

Each of Rose Hill and Prize has incurred and expects that it will incur significant, non-recurring costs in connection with consummating the Business Combination. Rose Hill may also incur
 additional costs to retain key employees of Prize. Rose Hill and Prize will also incur significant legal, financial advisor, accounting, banking and consulting fees, fees relating to regulatory filings and notices, SEC filing fees, printing and
 mailing fees and other costs associated with the Business Combination.

The Business Combination may not be completed in a timely manner, or at all, which may adversely affect the price of our ordinary shares.

The consummation of the Business Combination is subject to the satisfaction (or, if applicable, valid waiver) of various conditions, including (a) approval of the Business Combination by our
 shareholders and Prize s administrator, (b) the absence of any legal restraint (including legal actions or proceedings pursued by U.S. state authorities in the relevant states) preventing the consummation of the transactions and receipt of certain
 governmental and regulatory approvals, (c) the satisfaction of minimum cash conditions following redemptions by our public shareholders, (d) the effectiveness of this registration statement, (e) the delivery by each party to the other party of a
 certificate with respect to (i) the truth and accuracy of such party s representations and warranties as of the execution of the Business Combination Agreement and as of the Closing and (ii) the performance by such party of covenants contained in
 the Business Combination Agreement and (f) other customary closing conditions. There is no guarantee that these conditions will be satisfied (or, if applicable, validly waived) in a timely manner or at all, in which case closing of the transactions
 may be delayed or may not occur and the benefits expected to result from the transactions may not be achieved.

If the conditions to closing the Business Combination are not completed for any reason, the price of our ordinary shares may decline to the extent that the market price of such shares reflects or
 previously reflected positive market assumptions that the Business Combination would be completed, and the related benefits would be realized. As a result of the conditions to closing of the Business Combination, some of which are dependent upon
 the actions of third parties, the parties cannot provide any assurance that the Business Combination will be consummated in a timely manner or at all.

Rose Hill or Prize may waive one or more of the conditions to the Business Combination.

Rose Hill or Prize may agree to waive, in whole or in part, some of the conditions to its obligations to complete the Business Combination, to the extent permitted by the Existing Governing
 Documents and Prize s certificate of incorporation. For example, it is a condition to Rose Hill s obligations to close the Business Combination that certain of Prize s representations and warranties are true and correct in all respects as of the
 Closing, except where the failure of such representations and warranties to be true and correct, taken as a whole, does not result in a material adverse effect. However, if Rose Hill s Board determines that it is in Rose Hill Shareholders best
 interest to waive any such breach, then Rose Hill s Board may elect to waive that condition and consummate the Business Combination.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, certain closing conditions may not be waived due to the parties organizational documents, applicable law, or otherwise. The following closing conditions may not be
 waived: receipt of the requisite shareholder approvals, the registration statement having been declared effective and the absence of any law or order that would prohibit the consummation of the Business Combination. The foregoing closing conditions
 are the only closing conditions to the Business Combination that may not be waived. All other closing conditions to the Business Combination may be waived by Rose Hill or Prize.

53 

Table of Contents 

If we are unable to complete a PIPE, we may not be able to meet the closing conditions of the Business Combination Agreement or the post-combination business may be
 undercapitalized following the Business Combination.

If we are unable to complete a PIPE at a sufficient level of investment, we may not have sufficient net tangible assets or sufficient cash on hand to satisfy the conditions to consummate the
 Business Combination. Even if we can satisfy such conditions, we may not be sufficiently capitalized to execute on its post-combination business plan. The obligation of investors in a PIPE will be subject to conditions which, if not satisfied, will
 allow the investors to decline to participate in the PIPE. These conditions may depend on matters which fluctuate based on market conditions, including the trading price of our ordinary shares, or other matters which are not under our control.
 Certain of the closing conditions to the Business Combination Agreement and the PIPE may be waived by the parties, but there can be no assurance that such a waiver will occur. If the Business Combination does not close as a result of unmet closing
 conditions, we may have to liquidate without completing our initial business combination. If the Business Combination is consummated, but PubCo is undercapitalized, our business, financial condition and results of operations may be adversely
 affected, reducing shareholders return on their investment.

We may need to obtain additional financing to satisfy the closing condition in the Business Combination Agreement to have the minimum cash requirements after giving effect to the payment of Rose
 Hill s and Prize s expenses in connection with the Business Combination and the completion and payment of Rose Hill s obligation to redeem a significant number of its ordinary shares in connection with the consummation of the Business Combination.
 Rose Hill currently intends to address the need for additional financing through a PIPE investment; however, Rose Hill has currently not completed a PIPE investment, and there can be no assurance that it will raise any or sufficient funds in any
 PIPE investment. Rose Hill will only complete any PIPE investment simultaneously with the completion of the Business Combination. If Rose Hill is unable to complete a PIPE investment or to raise sufficient funds in any PIPE investment, it could
 seek to borrow the necessary funds; however, there can be no assurance that we will be able to borrow sufficient funds or any funds. If we are unable to complete the Business Combination because we do not have sufficient available funds, we will be
 forced to cease operations and liquidate the Trust Account. In addition, following the consummation of the Business Combination, if PubCo s cash on hand is insufficient PubCo may need to obtain additional financing in order to meet its obligations
 or to expand its business sufficiently or at all.

There is no assurance that a shareholder s decision whether to redeem its share for a pro rata portion of the Trust Account will put the shareholder in a better future economic
 position.

No assurance can be given as to the price at which a shareholder may be able to sell his, her or its public shares in the future following the completion of the Business Combination. Certain events
 following the consummation of any business combination, including the Business Combination, may cause an increase in our share price, and may result in a lower value realized now than a public shareholder might realize in the future had the
 shareholder not elected to redeem such shareholder s public shares. Similarly, if a public shareholder does not redeem his, her or its public shares, such shareholder will bear the risk of ownership of PubCo ordinary shares after the consummation
 of the Business Combination, and there can be no assurance that a shareholder can sell his, her or its shares in the future for a greater amount than the redemption price set forth in a proxy statement/prospectus. Our shareholders should consult
 his, her or its own tax and/or financial advisors for assistance on how this may affect his, her or its individual situation.

The consummation of the Business Combination may be materially adversely affected by any negative impact on the global economy, financial markets or otherwise resulting from the
 conflict in Ukraine or any other geopolitical tensions.

Global and regional markets, including in the United States and Chile, are experiencing volatility and disruption following the escalation of geopolitical tensions and the start of the military
 conflict between Russia and Ukraine. On February 24, 2022, a full-scale military invasion of Ukraine by Russian troops was reported. Although the length and impact of the ongoing military conflict is highly unpredictable, the conflict in Ukraine
 could lead to market disruptions, including significant volatility in commodity prices, credit and capital markets.

Additionally, Russia s prior annexation of Crimea, recent recognition of two separatist republics in the Donetsk and Luhansk regions of Ukraine and subsequent military interventions in Ukraine have
 led to sanctions and other penalties being levied by the United States, European Union and several other countries against Russia, Belarus, the Crimea Region of Ukraine, the so- called Donetsk People s Republic, and the so-called Luhansk People s
 Republic, including agreement to remove certain Russian financial institutions from the Society for Worldwide Interbank Financial Telecommunication payment system. Additional potential sanctions and penalties have also been proposed and/or
 threatened. In addition, in response to Russia s recent invasion of Ukraine, the North Atlantic Treaty Organization deployed additional military forces to eastern Europe. Although the length and impact of the ongoing military conflict in Ukraine is
 highly unpredictable, the conflict could lead to market disruptions, including significant volatility in commodity prices, credit and capital markets, as well as supply chain interruptions.

Additionally, Russian military actions and the resulting sanctions could adversely affect the global economy and financial markets and lead to instability and lack of liquidity in capital markets,
 particularly if current or new sanctions continue for an extended period of time or if geopolitical tensions result in expanded military operations on a global scale. In addition, the recent military conflict between Russian and Ukraine, and the
 impact of sanctions against Russia and the potential for retaliatory acts from Russia, could result in increased cyberattacks.

54 

Table of Contents 

Our ability to consummate the Business Combination, is subject to the satisfaction a minimum cash condition, which, if Prize does not waive such condition, will be dependent on the ability to raise
 equity and debt financing. The ability to raise equity and debt financing may be impacted by geopolitical instability due to the ongoing military conflict between Russia and Ukraine, including as a result of increased market volatility and
 decreased market liquidity and third-party financing being unavailable on terms acceptable to us or at all.

The extent and duration of the military action, sanctions and resulting market disruptions are impossible to predict, but could be substantial. Any such disruptions may also magnify the impact of
 other risks described in this Annual Report.

There can be no assurance that the PubCo ordinary shares will be approved for listing on the Nasdaq or that PubCo will be able to comply with the continued listing standards of
 Nasdaq.

Rose Hill and Prize will apply to have the PubCo ordinary shares listed on Nasdaq, which will be subject to official notice of issuance, and expect that the PubCo ordinary shares will begin trading
 on Nasdaq immediately following the consummation of the Business Combination. Although following the consummation of the Business Combination PubCo expects to meet the minimum initial listing standards set forth in Nasdaq listing standards, it
 cannot assure you that the PubCo ordinary shares will be, or will continue to be, listed on Nasdaq in the future. In order to maintain such a listing, PubCo must satisfy minimum financial and other continued listing requirements and standards,
 including those regarding director independence and independent committee requirements, minimum shareholders equity, minimum share price, and certain corporate governance requirements. PubCo may not be able to comply with the applicable listing
 standards and Nasdaq could delist their securities as a result.

We cannot assure you that the PubCo ordinary shares, if delisted from Nasdaq, will be listed on another national securities exchange. If the PubCo ordinary shares are delisted by Nasdaq, the PubCo
 ordinary shares would likely trade on the OTC Bulletin Board or another over-the-counter market where an investor may find it more difficult to sell the securities or obtain accurate quotations as to the market value of such securities.

Rose Hill Shareholders will experience immediate dilution as a consequence of the issuance of PubCo ordinary shares as consideration in the Business Combination and due to
 future issuances pursuant to PubCo s employee incentive plan(s) or at-the-market issuances.

Our shareholders who do not redeem their shares will experience immediate dilution as a consequence of the issuance of PubCo ordinary shares as consideration in the Business Combination and may
 experience dilution from several additional sources to varying degrees in connection with and after the Business Combination, including the following:

PubCo ordinary shares issued to PIPE investors pursuant to a PIPE investment;

PubCo ordinary shares granted pursuant to PubCo s employee incentive plan(s);

Pubco ordinary shares issued pursuant to an at-the-market issuance; and

PubCo s obligation to issue Earn-Out Shares to Prize of PubCo upon the achievement by PubCo of certain financial and share price milestones.

Failure to realize the anticipated benefits of the Business Combination.

The future success of PubCo following the consummation of the Business Combination, including anticipated benefits, depends, in part, on PubCo s ability to optimize their operations as a public
 company. The optimization of PubCo s operations following the Business Combination will be a complex, costly and time-consuming process and if PubCo experiences difficulties in this process, the anticipated benefits may not be realized fully or at
 all, or may take longer to realize than expected, which could have an adverse effect on PubCo for an undetermined period. There can be no assurances that PubCo will realize the potential operating efficiencies, synergies and other benefits
 currently anticipated from the Business Combination.

55 

Table of Contents 

Some of the factors involved in this are outside of PubCo s control, and any one of them could result in delays, increased costs, decreases in the amount of potential revenues, potential cost
 savings, and diversion of management s time and energy, which could materially affect PubCo s business, financial condition and results of operations.

Future sales of PubCo ordinary shares after the consummation of the Business Combination may cause the market for the PubCo ordinary shares to drop significantly, even if its
 business is doing well.

Pursuant to the Registration Rights and Lock-Up Agreement, after the consummation of the Business Combination and subject to certain exceptions, the Sponsor, certain of our officers, certain of
 Prize s officers and certain of our shareholders will be contractually restricted from selling or transferring any of their lock-up shares during the lock-up period. However, following the expiration of such lock-up period, the Sponsor, certain of
 our officers, certain of Prize s officers and certain of our shareholders will not be restricted from selling PubCo ordinary shares held by them, other than by applicable securities laws. Additionally, the PIPE investors will not be restricted from
 selling any of their PubCo ordinary shares following the consummation of the Business Combination, other than by applicable securities laws. As such, sales of a substantial number of PubCo ordinary shares in the public market could occur at any
 time. These sales, or the perception in the market that the holders of a large number of shares intend to sell shares, could reduce the market price of the PubCo ordinary shares.

The shares held by Sponsor, certain of Prize s officers, certain of our officers and certain of our shareholders may be sold after the expiration of the applicable lock-up period under the
 Registration Rights and Lock-Up Agreement. As restrictions on resale end and registration statements (filed after the consummation of the Business Combination to provide for the resale of such shares from time to time) are available for use, the
 sale or possibility of sale of these shares could have the effect of increasing the volatility in PubCo s share price or the market price of the PubCo ordinary shares could decline if the holders of currently restricted shares sell them or are
 perceived by the market as intending to sell them.

Litigation or legal proceedings could expose any of Rose Hill, Prize and, following the consummation of the Business Combination, PubCo, to significant liabilities and have a
 negative impact on Rose Hill s, Prize s or PubCo s respective reputations or business, as applicable.

Each of Rose Hill, Prize and, following the consummation of the Business Combination, PubCo, may become subject to claims, litigation, disputes and other legal proceedings from time to time. Rose
 Hill, Prize and PubCo, as the case may be, shall evaluate these claims, litigation, disputes and other legal proceedings to assess the likelihood of unfavorable outcomes and to estimate, if possible, the amount of potential losses. Based on these
 assessments and estimates, Rose Hill, Prize and, following the consummation of the Business Combination, PubCo may establish reserves, as appropriate. These assessments and estimates are based on the information available to each management team at
 the time of its respective assessment and involve a significant amount of management judgment. Actual outcomes or losses may differ materially from the assessments and estimates.

Under the terms of the underwriting agreement of the IPO, Rose Hill agreed to indemnify and hold harmless Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, its directors, officers, employees,
 affiliates and agents, and each person who controls Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, from and against certain losses and claims arising in connection with certain services provided to Rose Hill thereunder. Accordingly, if any claims,
 litigation, disputes or other legal proceedings are brought by third parties against the agreement with Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, then Rose Hill may be liable to pay for or reimburse Continental Stock Transfer Trust
 Company for the losses and costs they incur, subject to certain exceptions.

If such losses and claims are brought following the consummation of the Business Combination, then PubCo may be exposed to similar liabilities and negative impact. Even when not merited or whether
 or not Rose Hill, Prize or PubCo, as applicable, ultimately prevails, the defense of these lawsuits may divert management s attention, and Rose Hill, Prize or PubCo, as applicable, may incur significant expenses in defending these lawsuits. The
 results of litigation and other legal proceedings are inherently uncertain, and adverse judgments or settlements in some of these legal disputes may result in adverse monetary damages, penalties or injunctive relief against any of Rose Hill, Prize,
 and, following the consummation of the Business Combination, PubCo, which could negatively impact any their respective financial positions, cash flows or results of operations. An unfavorable outcome of any legal dispute following the consummation
 of the Business Combination could imply that PubCo becomes liable for damages or may have to modify its business model. Further, any liability or negligence claim against PubCo in US courts may, if successful, result in damages being awarded that
 contain punitive elements and therefore may significantly exceed the loss or damage suffered by the successful claimant. Any claims or litigation, even if fully indemnified or insured, could damage the reputation of Rose Hill, Prize or PubCo, as
 applicable, and make it more difficult to compete effectively or to obtain adequate insurance in the future. A settlement or an unfavorable outcome in a legal dispute could have an adverse effect on PubCo s business, financial condition, results of
 operations, cash flows and/or prospects.

56 

Table of Contents 

Furthermore, while Rose Hill and Prize maintain and, following the consummation of the Business Combination, PubCo will maintain, insurance for certain potential liabilities, such insurance does
 not cover all types and amounts of potential liabilities and is subject to various exclusions as well as caps on amounts recoverable. Even if Rose Hill, Prize or PubCo, as applicable, believes a claim is covered by insurance, insurers may dispute
 its entitlement to recovery for a variety of potential reasons, which may affect the timing and, if the insurers prevail, the amount of recovery.

We may be the target of securities class action and derivative lawsuits which could result in substantial costs and may delay or prevent the Business Combination from being
 completed.

Securities class action lawsuits and derivative lawsuits are often brought against public companies that have entered into merger or business combination agreements. Even if the lawsuits are
 without merit, defending against these claims can result in substantial costs and divert management time and resources. An adverse judgment could result in monetary damages, which could have a negative impact on Rose Hill s or Prize s liquidity and
 financial condition. Additionally, if a plaintiff is successful in obtaining an injunction prohibiting completion of the Business Combination, then that injunction may delay or prevent the Business Combination from being completed, which may
 adversely affect Prize s or, if the Business Combination is completed but delayed, PubCo s business, financial position and results of operations. Rose Hill, Prize and PubCo cannot predict whether any such lawsuits will be filed.

We may be, or PubCo may become a PFIC, which could result in adverse U.S. federal income tax consequences to U.S. Holders.

If PubCo is treated as a PFIC for any taxable year, or portion thereof, that is included in the holding period of a U.S. Holder of PubCo ordinary shares, such U.S. Holder may be subject to
 certain adverse U.S. federal income tax consequences and may be subject to additional reporting requirements. U.S. Holder, as used herein, means a beneficial owner of our Class A ordinary shares, public warrants or securities of PubCo, as the case
 may be, who or that is for U.S. federal income tax purposes, (i) a citizen or individual resident of the United States, (ii) a corporation (or other entity that is treated as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes) created or organized
 in or under the laws of the United States, any state therein or the District of Columbia; or (iii) an estate or trust the income of which is subject to U.S. federal income taxation regardless of its source, of PubCo ordinary shares, such U.S.
 Holder may be subject to certain adverse U.S. federal income tax consequences and may be subject to additional reporting requirements.

Based upon the composition of our income and assets and the anticipated date of closing of the Business Combination, we believe that we have been a PFIC since our first taxable year. Assuming the
 First Merger qualifies as an F Reorganization, PubCo should be treated as the same corporation as us for purposes of the PFIC rules. PubCo s PFIC status for its taxable year that includes the anticipated date of closing of the Business Combination,
 or any future taxable year, is an annual determination that can be made only after the end of that year and will depend on the composition of PubCo s income and assets and the value of its assets from time to time (including the value of its
 goodwill, which may be determined by reference to the market price of PubCo ordinary shares from time to time). Accordingly, there can be no assurances regarding PubCo s status as a PFIC for its taxable year that includes the anticipated closing
 date of the Business Combination or any future taxable year.

If, as expected, Rose Hill does not qualify for the start-up exception and is determined to be a PFIC with respect to a U.S. Holder, and such U.S. Holder did not make either of the elections for
 optional methods of taxation available for certain PFIC with respect to our Class A ordinary shares, then PubCo should also be treated as a PFIC as to such U.S. Holder with respect to such PubCo ordinary shares even if PubCo does not meet a test
 for PFIC status in its own right, unless such U.S. Holder makes a purging election with respect to its shares.

U.S. Holders are urged to consult their tax advisors regarding the possible application of the PFIC rules to them.

General Risk Factors

Cyber incidents or attacks directed at us could result in information theft, data corruption, operational disruption and/or financial loss.

We depend on digital technologies, including information systems, infrastructure and cloud applications and services, including those of third parties with which we may deal. Sophisticated and
 deliberate attacks on, or security breaches in, our systems or infrastructure, or the systems or infrastructure of third parties or the cloud, could lead to corruption or misappropriation of our assets, proprietary information and sensitive or
 confidential data. As an early stage company without significant investments in data security protection, we may not be sufficiently protected against such occurrences. We may not have sufficient resources to adequately protect against, or to
 investigate and remediate any vulnerability to, cyber incidents. It is possible that any of these occurrences, or a combination of them, could have adverse consequences on our business and lead to financial loss. 

57 

Table of Contents 

The SEC has issued proposed rules to regulate special purpose acquisition companies. Certain of the procedures that we, a potential business combination target, or others may determine to
 undertake in connection with such proposals may increase our costs and the time needed to complete our initial business combination and may constrain the circumstances under which we could complete a business combination.

On March 30, 2022, the SEC issued the SPAC Rule Proposals, which include proposals relating to, among other items, disclosures in business combination transactions between SPACs such as us and private operating
 companies; the condensed financial statement requirements applicable to transactions involving shell companies; the use of projections by SPACs in SEC filings in connection with proposed business combination transactions; the potential liability
 of certain participants in proposed business combination transactions; and the extent to which SPACs could become subject to regulation under the Investment Company Act, including a proposed rule that would provide SPACs a safe harbor from
 treatment as an investment company if they satisfy certain conditions that limit a SPAC s duration, asset composition, business purpose and activities. Certain of the procedures that we, a potential business combination target, or others may
 determine to undertake in connection with the SPAC Rule Proposals, or pursuant to the SEC s views expressed in the SPAC Rule Proposals, may increase the costs and the time required to consummate a business combination, and may constrain the
 circumstances under which we could complete a business combination.

We are subject to changing laws and regulations regarding regulatory matters, corporate governance and public disclosure that have increased both our costs and the risk of
 non-compliance.

We are subject to rules and regulations by various governing bodies, including, for example, the SEC, which is charged with the protection of investors and the oversight of companies whose
 securities are publicly traded, and to new and evolving regulatory measures under applicable law. Our efforts to comply with new and changing laws and regulations have resulted in and are likely to continue to result in, increased general and
 administrative expenses and a diversion of management time and attention from seeking a business combination target.

Moreover, because these laws, regulations and standards are subject to varying interpretations, their application in practice may evolve over time as new guidance becomes available. This evolution
 may result in continuing uncertainty regarding compliance matters and additional costs necessitated by ongoing revisions to our disclosure and governance practices. If we fail to address and comply with these regulations and any subsequent changes,
 we may be subject to penalty and our business may be harmed.

We are an emerging growth company and a smaller reporting company within the meaning of the Securities Act, and if we take advantage of certain exemptions from disclosure
 requirements available to emerging growth companies or smaller reporting companies, this could make our securities less attractive to investors and may make it more difficult to compare our performance with other public companies.

We are an emerging growth company within the meaning of the Securities Act, as modified by the JOBS Act, and we may take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that
 are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies, including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure
 obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and shareholder approval of any golden parachute
 payments not previously approved. As a result, our shareholders may not have access to certain information they may deem important. We will remain an emerging growth company until the earlier of (1) the last day of the fiscal year (a) following the
 fifth anniversary of the completion of our IPO, (b) in which we have total annual gross revenue of at least 1.07 billion, or (c) in which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer, which means the market value of our Class A ordinary shares
 that are held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of the prior June 30, and (2) the date on which we have issued more than 1.0 billion in non-convertible debt during the prior three-year period. We cannot predict whether investors will find
 our securities less attractive because we will rely on these exemptions. If some investors find our securities less attractive as a result of our reliance on these exemptions, the trading prices of our securities may be lower than they otherwise
 would be, there may be a less active trading market for our securities and the trading prices of our securities may be more volatile.

58 

Table of Contents 

Further, Section 102(b)(1) of the JOBS Act exempts emerging growth companies from being required to comply with new or revised financial accounting standards until private companies (that is, those
 that have not had a Securities Act registration statement declared effective or do not have a class of securities registered under the Exchange Act) are required to comply with the new or revised financial accounting standards. The JOBS Act
 provides that a company can elect to opt out of the extended transition period and comply with the requirements that apply to non-emerging growth companies but any such election to opt out is irrevocable. We have elected not to opt out of such
 extended transition period, which means that when a standard is issued or revised and it has different application dates for public or private companies, we, as an emerging growth company, can adopt the new or revised standard at the time private
 companies adopt the new or revised standard. This may make comparison of our financial statements with another public company that is neither an emerging growth company nor an emerging growth company that has opted out of using the extended
 transition period difficult or impossible because of the potential differences in accounting standards used.

Additionally, we are a smaller reporting company as defined in Item 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K. Smaller reporting companies may take advantage of certain reduced disclosure obligations,
 including, among other things, providing only two years of audited financial statements. We will remain a smaller reporting company until the last day of the fiscal year in which (1) the market value of our ordinary shares held by non-affiliates
 exceeds 250 million as of the prior June 30 and (2) our annual revenues exceeded 100 million during such completed fiscal year and the market value of our ordinary shares held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of the prior June 30. To the
 extent we take advantage of such reduced disclosure obligations, it may also make comparison of our financial statements with other public companies difficult or impossible.

Item 1B. 

Unresolved Staff Comments.

None.

Item 2. 

Properties.

We currently maintain our executive offices at 981 Davis Dr NW, Atlanta, GA 30327. Our office space is currently included in the 10,000 per month fee we pay to our sponsor for office space,
 administrative and support services pursuant to the Administrative Services Agreement. We consider our current office space adequate for our current operations.

Item 3. 

Legal Proceedings.

There is no material litigation, arbitration or governmental proceeding currently pending against us or any members of our management team in their capacity as such.

Item 4. 

Mine Safety Disclosures.

None.

PART II

Item 5. 

Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities.

Market Information.

Our units, Class A ordinary shares and warrants are traded on the Nasdaq Global Market under the symbols ROSEU, ROSE and ROSEW, respectively. Our units commenced public trading on October 14,
 2021, and our Class A ordinary shares and warrants commenced public trading on December 6, 2021.

Holders

As of December 31, 2022, there was one holder of record of our Units, one holder of record of our separately traded Class A ordinary shares, and approximately four holders of record of our redeemable warrants.

Dividends

We have not paid any cash dividends on our ordinary shares to date and do not intend to pay cash dividends prior to the completion of our initial business combination. The payment of cash dividends
 in the future will be dependent upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital requirements and general financial condition subsequent to completion of our initial business combination. The payment of any cash dividends subsequent to our initial
 business combination will be within the discretion of our Board of Directors at such time. In addition, our Board of Directors is not currently contemplating and does not anticipate declaring any share dividends in the foreseeable future. Further,
 if we incur any indebtedness in connection with our initial business combination, our ability to declare dividends may be limited by restrictive covenants we may agree to in connection therewith.

59 

Table of Contents 

Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans

None.

Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities; Use of Proceeds from Registered Offerings

Cantor Fitzgerald Co. acted as sole book-running manager of our IPO. The securities sold in the offering were registered under the Securities Act on registration statements on Form S-1 (No.
 333-259532). The registration statements became effective on October 13, 2021.

Concurrent with the closing of the IPO, the Company completed the private sale of (i) an aggregate of 4,950,000 Sponsor Private Placement Warrants to Rose Hill Sponsor LLC at a purchase price of
 1.25 per Private Placement Warrant, generating gross proceeds to the Company of 6,187,500, and (ii) an aggregate of 345,000 CCM Private Placement Warrants to J.V.B. Financial Group, LLC at a purchase price of 1.25 per Private Placement Warrant,
 generating gross proceeds to the Company of 431,250. In addition, simultaneously with the closing of the IPO, the Company completed the private sale of an aggregate of 805,000 UW Private Placement Warrants to Cantor at a purchase price of 1.25
 per Private Placement Warrant, generating gross proceeds to the Company of 1,006,250. Such securities were issued pursuant to the exemption from registration contained in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act.

The Private Placement Warrants are identical to the Warrants sold in the IPO, except that the Private Placement Warrants are, so long as the Sponsor, J.V.B. Financial Group, LLC, or Cantor or their
 permitted transferees hold such warrants, subject to certain transfer restrictions and the holders thereof are entitled to certain registration rights, and: (1) will not be redeemable by the Company (except as described in the Company s
 prospectus); and (2) may be exercised by the holders on a cashless basis. No underwriting discounts or commissions were paid with respect to such sales.

Of the gross proceeds received from the IPO including the over-allotment option, and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants, 146,625,000 was placed in the Trust Account. In connection with the
 votes to approve the amendment to the Articles on January 12, 2013, the holders of 14,118,106 Class A ordinary shares of the Company properly exercised their right to redeem their shares.

We paid a total of 2,875,000 in underwriting discounts and commissions and 1,293,940 for other costs and expenses related to the IPO. In addition, the underwriter agreed to defer 7,187,500 in
 underwriting discounts and commissions.

There has been no material change in the planned use of proceeds from our IPO as described in our final prospectus dated October 13, 2021 which was filed with the SEC.

Item 6. 

[Reserved]

Item 7. 

Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.

The following discussion and analysis of the Company s financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our audited financial statements and the notes related
 thereto which are included in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Certain information contained in the discussion and analysis set forth below includes forward-looking statements. Our actual
 results may differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of many factors, including those set forth under Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements, Item 1A. Risk Factors and elsewhere in this
 Annual Report on Form 10-K.

Overview

Rose Hill was incorporated on March 29, 2021, as a Cayman Islands exempted company. The Company was formed for the purpose of entering into a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, stock
 purchase, reorganization or other similar business transaction with one or more businesses.

60 

Table of Contents 

We expect to continue to incur significant costs in the pursuit of our initial business combination. We cannot assure you that our plans to complete an initial business combination will be
 successful.

Business Combination with Prize

Business Combination Agreement

On October 20, 2022, we entered into a Business Combination Agreement with Prize and, for certain limited purposes, AGH, pursuant to which, and subject to the terms and conditions set forth
 therein, prior to the consummation of the Business Combination, (i) Prize will cause to be incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands, (a) an exempted company with limited liability to serve as PubCo for all purposes under the Business
 Combination Agreement and (b) an exempted company with limited liability to serve as Merger Sub for all purposes under the Business Combination Agreement, (ii) Prize and AGH will cause to be incorporated under the laws of Chile, a simplified
 stock corporation that will serve as HoldCo for all purposes under the Business Combination Agreement, in each case, as a direct wholly owned subsidiary of Prize and (iii) promptly following the incorporation of PubCo, Merger Sub and HoldCo,
 Prize and AGH will consummate the Pre-Closing Restructuring pursuant to which, among other things, all subsidiaries of Prize will become direct or indirect subsidiaries of HoldCo, HoldCo will become a wholly owned subsidiary of Merger Sub, and
 Merger Sub will become a wholly owned subsidiary of Prize.

Following the Pre-Closing Restructuring, at the closing of the Business Combination, (i) the Company will be merged with and into PubCo with PubCo continuing as the surviving entity of the First
 Merger and (ii) subsequent to the First Merger, Merger Sub will be merged with and into PubCo with PubCo continuing as the surviving entity of the Second Merger.

The terms of the Business Combination Agreement, which contains customary representations and warranties, covenants, closing conditions and other terms relating to the Business Combination, are
 summarized below. Capitalized terms used in this Annual Report but not otherwise defined herein have the meanings given to them in the Business Combination Agreement, which is included as an exhibit to this Annual Report.

Consideration

In accordance with the terms and subject to the conditions of the Business Combination Agreement, by virtue of the First Merger, (i) each Rose Hill ordinary share that is issued and outstanding
 immediately prior to the First Merger will be converted into one validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable PubCo ordinary share, and (ii) all outstanding warrants to purchase ordinary shares of Rose Hill will be converted into warrants to
 purchase the same number of PubCo ordinary shares and all rights with respect to Rose Hill ordinary shares under such Rose Hill warrants will be converted into rights with respect to the applicable PubCo ordinary shares.

In accordance with the terms and subject to the conditions of the Business Combination Agreement, by virtue of the Second Merger, each Merger Sub ordinary share that is issued and outstanding
 immediately prior to the Second Merger will be converted into a number of PubCo ordinary shares equal to the quotient of (i) the Equity Value, divided by (ii) the number of Merger Sub ordinary shares that are issued and outstanding immediately
 prior to the Second Merger, divided by (iii) 10.00. The Equity Value under the Business Combination Agreement is an amount equal to (i) 328,000,000, minus (ii) the lesser of (a) the Specified Transaction Expenses of Prize and the Company (other
 than those expenses incurred in respect of obtaining an equity line of credit or similar financing arrangement to be in place and available to PubCo as of the Closing of the Business Combination) and (b) 10,000,000.

In the event that the Specified Transaction Expenses exceed 10,000,000, then the number of PubCo ordinary shares otherwise issuable to the Sponsor under the Business Combination Agreement will be
 decreased by a number of shares equal to the amount of such excess divided by 10.00.

Earn-Out Shares

If, at any time following the Closing, the VWAP of PubCo ordinary shares is greater than or equal to (a) 18.00, (b) 22.00, (c) 26.00, or (d) 30.00 in each case, over any thirty (30) days on
 which the PubCo ordinary shares are tradeable on NASDAQ within any consecutive forty-five (45) Trading Day period, then PubCo will issue 2,948,800 Earn-Out Shares to Prize after the occurrence of each such consecutive forty-five (45) Trading Day
 period. For the avoidance of doubt, Prize may be entitled to receive a maximum of 11,795,200 Earn-Out Shares in the aggregate in respect of the occurrence of all four Earn-Out Events.

61 

Table of Contents 

Registration Rights and Lock-up Agreement

In connection with the Closing of the Business Combination Agreement, PubCo, the Sponsor, Prize and certain other parties thereto will enter the Registration Rights and Lock-Up Agreement, which,
 among other things, (i) effective as of the Closing, terminates and replaces the current registration rights agreement, dated as of October 13, 2021, by and among Rose Hill, the Sponsor and the other parties thereto, (ii) provides that PubCo will
 be obligated to file a registration statement to register the resale of certain PubCo ordinary shares held by Sponsor, Prize and certain other parties thereto, at the consummation of the business combination, (iii) provides certain parties thereto
 including Prize, certain demand and piggyback registration rights, and (iv) provides for certain restrictions on transfer relating to PubCo ordinary shares and warrants to purchase PubCo ordinary shares held by Sponsor, Prize and certain parties
 thereto.

Company Support Agreement

In connection with the execution of the Business Combination Agreement, Rose Hill, Prize and AGH have entered into the Company Support Agreement pursuant to which, among other things, AGH has
 agreed to (a) vote his Merger Sub ordinary shares in favor of the approval and adoption of the Business Combination Agreement and the Business Combination and (b) certain transfer restrictions with respect to his Merger Sub ordinary shares and
 shares of Prize.

Sponsor Support Agreement

In connection with the execution of the Business Combination Agreement, the Sponsor entered into the Sponsor Support Agreement pursuant to which the Sponsor has agreed, among other things, to (i) certain restrictions
 on transfer relating to its ordinary shares of Rose Hill prior to the Closing as set forth therein, (ii) not redeem any of its shares of Rose Hill in connection with the vote to approve the Business Combination or any proposal to extend the date by
 which Rose Hill must complete an initial business combination, (iii) vote in favor of the Mergers and the other transactions and against any alternative transaction, (iv) waive certain anti-dilution provisions contained in Rose Hill s Articles in
 connection with the Mergers and (v) subject a certain number of its Class B ordinary shares of Rose Hill to vesting.

Standby Equity Purchase Agreement

In connection with the execution of the Business Combination Agreement and for purposes of obtaining equity financing on behalf of PubCo at Closing, Prize entered into a standby equity purchase
 agreement the Investor, pursuant to which, among other things, at the Closing, PubCo will have the right (but not the obligation) to sell to the Investor, and the Investor will purchase from PubCo, up to 150,000,000 of PubCo ordinary shares at a
 purchase price of 97 of the Market Price (as defined therein) of the PubCo ordinary shares, subject to the terms and conditions set forth therein.

For additional information regarding the Business Combination and the transactions contemplated thereby, see the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 25, 2022.

Other than as specifically discussed, this Annual Report does not assume the closing of the Business Combination.

Notice of Delisting

On January 24, 2023, the Company received the Notice from the Staff indicating that the Company was not in compliance with the Nasdaq
 Listing Rules set forth in (i) 5450(b)(2)(B), requiring a minimum of 1,100,000 Publicly Held Shares, (ii) Listing Rule 5450(b)(2)(A), requiring a minimum of 50 million Market Value of Listed Securities, (iii) Listing Rule 5450(b)(2)(C),
 requiring a minimum of 15 million in Market Value of Publicly Held Shares and (iv) Listing Rule 5450(a)(2), requiring a minimum of 400 Total Holders.

Based on the Company s Plan submitted to the Staff on February 7, 2023 and February 24, 2023, Nasdaq granted the Company an extension until July 24,
 2023, to regain compliance with the Nasdaq Listing Rules, as described below.

The Company has included in its Plan, several steps through which it plans to regain compliance with the Nasdaq Listing Rules,
 including the proposed Business Combination with Prize, transferring its listing of securities to the Nasdaq Capital Market and converting 4 million outstanding Class B ordinary shares held by the sponsor to an equal number of Class A ordinary
 shares. Based on the Company s Plan, Nasdaq granted the Company an extension of time to regain compliance until July 24, 2023. The terms of the extension require that the Company file on or before July 24, 2023, with the SEC and Nasdaq, a public
 document showing that the Company has regained compliance with the Nasdaq Listing Rules. In the event the Company does not regain compliance with the Nasdaq Listing Rules, Nasdaq will provide written notification that its securities will be
 delisted. At that time, the Company may appeal Nasdaq s determination to a Listing Qualifications Panel . 

Results of Operations

As of December 31, 2022, the Company had not commenced any operations. All activity through December 31, 2022 relates to the Company s formation and IPO, and since the IPO, the search for a prospective
 initial business combination prior to entering into the Business Combination with Prize. The Company will not generate any operating revenues until after the completion of an initial business combination, at the earliest. The Company generates
 non-operating income in the form of earnings from the proceeds derived from the IPO.

For the year ended December 31, 2022, we had a net profit of 6,210,140 which consists of interest income on investments held in Trust Account and other interest
 of 2,117,220 and change in fair value of warrants of 5,199,706, partially offset by operating expenses of 1,106,786.

For the period from March 29, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, we had a net income of 5,334,989, which consists of change in fair value of warrants of 6,157,844 and interest

income on investments held in Trust Account and other interest of 2,739, partially offset by offering cost related to warrant issuance of 550,500 and operating expenses of 275,094. 

62 

Table of Contents 

Liquidity and Capital Resources

The registration statement for the Company s IPO was declared effective on October 13, 2021. On October 18, 2021, the Company consummated the sale of 12,500,000 Units, which included a similar
 number of Class A ordinary shares (the Public Shares ), at 10.00 per Unit generating gross proceeds of 125,000,000, which is discussed in Note 3.

Simultaneously with the closing of the IPO, the Company consummated the sale of 5,500,000 warrants Private Placement Warrants at a price of 1.25 per Private Placement Warrant in a private
 placement to the Company s sponsor, Rose Hill Sponsor, LLC (the Sponsor ), Cantor Fitzgerald Co. Cantor ), and J.V.B Financial Group, LLC Cohen generating gross proceeds of 6,875,000.

The underwriters of the Company s IPO are entitled to a deferred underwriting commissions equal to 1.5 percent of the proceeds from
 our IPO, or 2,156,250 (which includes 937,500 related to the exercise of the over-allotment option) from the closing of the IPO. The deferred fee will become payable to the underwriters from the amounts held in the Trust Account solely in the
 event that the Company completes a business combination, subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement.

Following the closing of the IPO, 146,625,000 10.20 per Unit) from the net proceeds of the sale of the Units in the IPO and the Private Placement Warrants, including the amounts generated from
 the exercise of the underwriters over-allotment option, was placed in a Trust Account and invested in U.S. government securities, within the meaning set forth in Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act, with a maturity of 180 days or less
 or in any open-ended investment company that holds itself out as a money market fund selected by the Company meeting the conditions of paragraphs (d)(2), (d)(3) and (d)(4) of Rule 2a-7 of the Investment Company Act, as determined by the Company,
 until the earlier of: (i) the completion of a business combination and (ii) the distribution of the Trust Account.

For the year ended December 31, 2022, there was 1,552,304 cash provided by operating activities.

We intend to use substantially all of the funds held in the Trust Account, including any amounts representing interest earned on the Trust Account (less income taxes payable), to complete our
 initial business combination. To the extent that our capital stock or debt is used, in whole or in part, as consideration to complete our business combination, the remaining proceeds held in the Trust Account will be used as working capital to
 finance the operations of the target business or businesses, make other acquisitions and pursue our growth strategies.

At December 31, 2022, we had cash of 96,119 outside of the Trust Account. We intend to use the funds held outside the Trust Account primarily to identify and evaluate target businesses, perform
 business due diligence on prospective target businesses, travel to and from the offices, plants or similar locations of prospective target businesses or their representatives or owners, review corporate documents and material agreements of
 prospective target businesses, and structure, negotiate and complete a business combination.

In order to finance transaction costs in connection with a business combination, the sponsor or an affiliate of the sponsor, or certain
 of the Company s officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan the Company funds as may be required Working Capital Loans ). If the Company completes a business combination, the Company will repay the Working Capital Loans out of the
 proceeds of the Trust Account released to the Company. Otherwise, the Working Capital Loans would be repaid only out of funds held outside the Trust Account. In the event that a business combination does not close, the Company may use a portion of
 proceeds held outside the Trust Account to repay the Working Capital Loans but no proceeds held in the Trust Account would be used to repay the Working Capital Loans. Except for the foregoing, the terms of such Working Capital Loans, if any, have
 not been determined and no written agreements exist with respect to such loans. The Working Capital Loans would either be repaid upon consummation of a Business Combination, without interest, or, at the lender s discretion, up to 1.5 million of
 such Working Capital Loans may be convertible into warrants of the post business combination entity at a price of 1.25 per warrant. The warrants would be identical to the Private Placement Warrants. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had no
 outstanding borrowings under the Working Capital Loans. In addition, the Company does not have any long-term debt, capital lease obligations, operating lease obligations or long-term liabilities.

In connection with the Company s shareholder vote to approve the Extension Proposal on January 12, 2023, the holders of 14,118,106 of
 our Class A ordinary shares originally issued in our IPO properly exercised their right to redeem their shares for cash at a redemption price of approximately 10.36 per share, for an aggregate redemption amount of approximately 146 million
 leaving approximately 2.8 million in the Trust Account as of January 31, 2023.

We may need to raise additional funds in order to meet the expenditures required for operating our business. If our estimate of the
 costs of identifying a target business, undertaking in-depth due diligence and negotiating and completing a business combination are less than the actual amount necessary to do so, we may have insufficient funds available to operate our business
 prior to our business combination. Moreover, we may need to obtain additional financing either to complete our business combination or because we become obligated to redeem a significant number of our Public Shares upon consummation of our business
 Combination, in which case we may issue additional securities or incur debt in connection with such business combination. If we are unable to raise additional capital, we may be required to take additional measures to conserve liquidity, which
 could include, but not necessarily be limited to, curtailing operations, suspending the pursuit of a potential transaction, and reducing overhead expenses. We cannot provide any assurance that new financing will be available to us on commercially
 acceptable terms, if at all. These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern for a reasonable period of time, which is considered to be one year from the issuance date of the financial statements.
 These financial statements do not include any adjustments relating to the recovery of the recorded assets or the classification of the liabilities that might be necessary should we be unable to continue as a going concern.

63 

Table of Contents 

JOBS Act

On April 5, 2012, the JOBS Act was signed into law. The JOBS Act contains provisions that, among other things, relax certain reporting requirements for qualifying public companies. We will qualify
 as an emerging growth company and under the JOBS Act will be allowed to comply with new or revised accounting pronouncements based on the effective date for private (not publicly traded) companies. We are electing to delay the adoption of new or
 revised accounting standards, and as a result, we may not comply with new or revised accounting standards on the relevant dates on which adoption of such standards is required for non-emerging growth companies. As such, our financial statements may
 not be comparable to companies that comply with public company effective dates.

Additionally, we are in the process of evaluating the benefits of relying on the other reduced reporting requirements provided by the JOBS Act. Subject to certain conditions set forth in the JOBS
 Act, if, as an emerging growth company, we choose to rely on such exemptions we may not be required to, among other things, (i) provide an auditor s attestation report on our system of internal controls over financial reporting pursuant to
 Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, (ii) provide all of the compensation disclosure that may be required of non-emerging growth public companies under the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, (iii) comply with any
 requirement that may be adopted by the PCAOB regarding mandatory audit firm rotation or a supplement to the auditor s report providing additional information about the audit and the financial statements (auditor discussion and analysis) and (iv)
 disclose certain executive compensation related items such as the correlation between executive compensation and performance and comparisons of executive compensation to median employee compensation. These exemptions will apply for a period of five
 years following the completion of our IPO or until we are no longer an emerging growth company, whichever is earlier.

Critical Accounting Estimates

The preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of
 contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. We have not identified any critical accounting
 estimates.

64 

Table of Contents 

Recent Accounting Standards

Management does not believe that any other recently issued, but not yet effective, accounting standards, if currently adopted, would have a material effect on our financial statements.

Item 7A. 

Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk

We are a smaller reporting company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act and are not required to provide the information otherwise required under this item.

Item 8. 

Financial Statements and Supplementary Data

This information appears following Item 15 of this Form 10-K and is included herein by reference.

Item 9. 

Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure

None.

Item 9A. 

Controls and Procedures.

65 

Table of Contents 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures

Disclosure controls are procedures that are designed with the objective of ensuring that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed under the Exchange Act, such as this Annual Report, is
 recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time period specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls are also designed with the objective of ensuring that such information is accumulated and communicated to our
 management, including the chief executive officers and chief financial officers, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Our management evaluated, with the participation of our current chief executive officers
 and chief financial officers (our Certifying Officers ), the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2022, pursuant to Rule 13a-15(b) under the Exchange Act. Based upon that evaluation, our Certifying
 Officers concluded that, as of December 31, 2022, our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective to ensure that information required to be disclosed in reports that are filed or submitted under the Exchange Act are (1)
 recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission rules and forms and (2) accumulated and communicated to Management, including the certifying officers, as appropriate to
 allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures.

We do not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures will prevent all errors and all instances of fraud. Disclosure controls and procedures, no matter how well conceived and operated, can
 provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the disclosure controls and procedures are met. Further, the design of disclosure controls and procedures must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the
 benefits must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all disclosure controls and procedures, no evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures can provide absolute assurance that we have detected all our
 control deficiencies and instances of fraud, if any. The design of disclosure controls and procedures also is based partly on certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in
 achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions.

Management s Report on Internal Controls Over Financial Reporting

Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, and for performing an assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial
 reporting as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act . Internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial
 reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. Our system of internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1)
 pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of Rose Hill; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit
 preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of Rose Hill are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of Rose Hill; and
 (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of Rose Hill s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

Management performed an assessment of the effectiveness of Rose Hill s internal control over financial reporting as of
 December 31, 2022 based upon criteria in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013 Framework) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). Based on our assessment, management identified a material
 weakness in the design and operation of its internal control over financial reporting. Management concluded that the Company did not maintain adequate controls over the classification of the statement of cash flows, specifically the
 classification of the purchase of marketable securities as operating activities instead of investing activities. Based on this evaluation, management has determined that Rose Hill s internal control over financial reporting was not effective as
 of December 31, 2022.

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are
 subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.

Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting

Other than the matters discussed above, there were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act) during the most recent fiscal quarter that have
 materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.

Item 9B. 

Other Information.

None.

Item 9C. 

Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections.

None.

66 

Table of Contents 

PART III

Item 10. 

Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance.

Our officers and directors are as follows:

Name

Age 

Position 

Felipe C. Canales

64

Co-Chief Executive Officer and Director

Marco A. Simental

48

Co-Chief Executive Officer and Director

Jose I. Mujica

46

Chief Strategy Officer

Albert G. Hill IV

24

Co-Chief Financial Officer and Director

Juan Jose Rosas

25

Co-Chief Financial Officer and Director

Katia Bouazza

53

Director

Mario Fleck

68

Director

Juan Manuel Fernandez

56

Director

Felipe Morris

69

Director

Cristian Moreno

49

Director

Pedro Molina

47

Director

Officers and Directors

Felipe Canales 
 , our Co-Chief Executive Officer and one of our directors since September 2021, has over 30 years of experience leading public companies in
 Latin America. Mr. Canales acted as the Chief Financial Officer of Axtel, a major public telecommunications company based in Mexico, from 2009 to 2017, where he ran the strategy, finance, legal, and supply chain management functions. At Axtel, Mr.
 Canales led the negotiations of the merger with Alestra, resulting in the creation of the second largest fixed telecommunications company in Mexico. He is currently an Operating Partner at Advent International since 2018, a global private equity
 firm with over 150 billion in assets under management. Prior to Axtel, Mr. Canales was the Chief Financial Officer of Sigma Alimentos, a major consumer processed foods company with over 6.3 billion in revenue as of 2020. Before Sigma, he held the
 positions of Head of Corporate Strategy and Corporate Treasurer throughout the course of his 30-year career at Grupo Alfa, one of Mexico s largest conglomerates with operations in the petrochemicals, consumer processed foods (Sigma Alimentos), auto
 parts, telecommunications, and energy industries. While operating these businesses, Mr. Canales led over 5 billion of M A activity and raised and restructured over 4.5 billion of debt capital. He is also a board member at Andean Precious
 Metals Corp. (TSXV: APM). He holds an MBA from the Wharton School at University of Pennsylvania and B.S. in Industrial Engineering from Instituto Tecnol gico de Monterrey. 

Marco A. Simental 
 , our Co-Chief Executive Officer and one of our directors since September 2021, has over 18 years of investment banking experience in
 cross-border M A and capital market transactions in the U.S., Canada and Latin America, including Brazil, Colombia, Mexico and Peru. Mr. Simental was a Managing Director and Head of Capital Solutions for Infrastructure Power Finance at
 Nomura from 2020 to 2021. From 2017 to 2020, Mr. Simental was Managing Director and Head of Investment Banking Mexico for Scotiabank. Prior to that, in 2016, he was a Senior Financial Manager in the Consumer Division at Amazon. From 2013 to 2016,
 he was an Executive Director in the Morgan Stanley Latin American M A Group in New York. He started his investment banking career in the U.S. in the Natural Resources Group at Lehman Brothers and subsequently with Barclays Capital in New York.
 Mr. Simental holds a B.A. in Economics from Instituto Tecnologico Autonomo de Mexico, an M.B.A. from the University of North Carolina Kenan-Flagler Business School, and an Advanced Finance Executive Program from The Wharton School at the University
 of Pennsylvania. 

Jose Mujica 
 , our Chief Strategy Officer, is a Partner and has been the head of private equity at Ameris Capital, a financial services company specializing
 in asset management of alternative investments, corporate finance and institutional distribution, since 2008. Mr. Mujica serves on the board of Ameris s portfolio companies: AC Perforaciones and Mall Barrio Independencia. Prior to Ameris, he
 founded ZeroHotel, a boutique hotel in Chile, and NanduAir, an air transport company providing flight services in the Chilean Patagonia. Mr. Mujica was also an equity research analyst at Santander Bank, covering companies across Latin America. Mr.
 Mujica holds a B.A. in Business Administration from Pontificia Universidad Catolica de Chile and an M.B.A from INSEAD. 

Albert Hill IV 
 , our Co-Chief Financial Officer and one of our directors since June 2021, provides us with experience in mergers and acquisitions, as well
 as SPAC-specific expertise. From 2019 to 2021, Mr. Hill was a biopharmaceutical and biotechnology investment banking analyst at Guggenheim Securities. Prior to that he was an investment banking summer analyst at Chardan Capital Markets in 2018. Mr.
 Hill is also currently the Chief Financial Officer and Head of Strategy for King Queen Mattress Co, since February 2021. Mr. Hill is additionally a former collegiate and professional tennis player. Mr. Hill holds a B.S. with honors in Applied
 Economics and Management from Cornell University. 

67 

Table of Contents 

Juan Jose Rosas 
 , our Co-Chief Financial Officer and one of our directors since June 2021, provides us with experience in mergers and acquisitions, as well
 as SPAC-specific expertise. From 2020 to 2021, Mr. Rosas was an investment banking analyst at Chardan Capital Markets, where he was part of their principal SPAC investments group. Prior to that he was a Hedge Fund Summer Analyst at Point72 Asset
 Management in 2019. Prior to his business career, Mr. Rosas was a former collegiate and professional tennis player. Mr. Rosas holds a B.S. with honors in Information Science from Cornell University. 

Directors

Katia Bouazza 
 , one of our directors, is a senior banker who most recently served as a Vice Chair of Global Banking and Capital Markets in the Americas at
 HSBC. Before becoming a Vice Chair, Mrs. Bouazza served under many different positions at HSBC over 25 years, beginning as an Associate in the Private Placements and Structured Finance group in 1996, before working as the Head of Global Capital
 Financing in Latin America, the Head of Global Banking in Latin America, and more. Mrs. Bouazza was named one of the 25 Most Powerful Women in Finance by the American Banker magazine in 2020. She is a life member of the Council on Foreign Relations
 and a board member of the Grace Institute, a non-profit organization dedicated to the education and training of low-income women. Mrs. Bouazza holds a B.A. in economics from the University of Houston and an M.B.A. from the University of Southern
 California. 

Mario Fleck 
 , one of our directors, is currently a partner at Acnext Capital, a fund that invests in the developing stages of private companies,
 specifically targeting those with high growth potential through technological innovation. Prior to that, Mr. Fleck was the Managing Partner and Head of Public Equities for Rio Bravo Investimentos, a leading investment and private equity fund in
 Brazil, from 2004 to 2009, and its CEO from 2009 to 2018. Prior to Rio Bravo, he joined Accenture in 1976, where he consulted for some of the largest business in Brazil over a 28 year-period, eventually leading the Brazilian branch as the Country
 Managing Partner for 14 years and serving on numerous international committees. Mr. Fleck holds a B.S. in mechanical and industrial engineering from the Catholic University in Rio de Janeiro. In 2019, he received the PhD Honoris Causa from Chaim
 Weizmann Institute in Israel. 

Juan Manuel Fernandez 
 , one of our directors, joined Banco Santander Mexico as a Managing Director and co-head of M A Advisory in 2016, and became
 their Head of Investment Banking Corporate Finance Group in 2019. Prior to joining Banco Santander in 2016, he worked at Rabobank, where he had several leadership positions including Head of North America Mergers Acquisitions and Member of
 the Global Management Committee of the Global M A Group and also served as Head of the M A for Latin America. Prior to Rabobank, Mr. Fernandez was a senior member of J.P. Morgan s Mergers and Acquisitions team in New York and in London. He
 is also the Vice President at Harvard Club in Mexico and President of the Harvard Business School Club of Mexico. Mr. Fernandez has previously been an independent board director at Cinepolis, a Mexico based global leader in theatrical distribution,
 and Citelis, a Mexican real estate firm with over 640 commercial units. Mr. Fernandez holds a B.A. in Economics from Instituto Tecnologico Autonomo de Mexico, an M.B.A. from Harvard Business School and is an alumni of the Stanford Graduate School
 of Business. 

Felipe Morris 
 , one of our directors, currently serves as Chairman of Interseguro, a Peruvian life insurance company, since 1998, and of Financiera Oh!, a
 personal finance business, since 2009. Both companies are part of the Intercorp Per Ltd., a large group of businesses with banking, insurance and retail operations throughout Peru. Among the other companies of the Intercorp Group are Interbank, a
 commercial bank, and Inteligo, a wealth management business, for both of which Mr. Morris serves as Director. From 1994 to 1998, Mr. Morris worked as a senior executive in the Intercorp Group, acting as executive vice president of finance of
 Interbank and the CEO of the group s holding company. Prior to that for over a decade, Mr. Morris held several positions in The World Bank in Washington D.C., specializing in financial sector development and management and restructuring of
 financial institutions and markets. Mr. Morris holds a B.S. in Economics from the Universidad del Pacifico, an M.A. in Economics from the University of Pittsburgh and an M.S. in Finance from American University. 

Cristian Moreno 
 , one of our directors, is a Partner and the President of Ameris Capital since July of 2014. Before joining Ameris, Mr. Moreno was a
 Managing Director at Larrain Vial from October 2012 to February 2014 and the CEO of Celfin Asset Management, a Chilean asset manager focused in Latin America, from May 2011 to July 2012. Mr. Moreno was the Head of Latin America Equity Research for
 Santander from May 2006 to April 2011. Based in New York he managed a team of more than 40 analysts spread across the region, and was also the Chief Equity Strategist for the region. Before moving to New York, Mr. Moreno headed the Chilean Research
 Team of Santander from July 2002 to April 2006. He is also a board member at Celmedia. Mr. Moreno holds a B.A. from Pontificia Universidad Cat lica de Chile and an MA in Financial Economics from that same university. 

68 

Table of Contents 

Pedro Molina 
 , one of our directors, is currently Investment Partner at Portland Private Equity in Bogot , Colombia, where he has served since 2018. At
 Portland, Mr. Molina is responsible for originating, executing, and negotiating investment opportunities and supporting fundraising efforts. He represents Portland on the Boards of Grupo IGA, as well as Merqueo S.A.S. Prior to Portland Private
 Equity, from 2016 to 2018, he served as Executive Director and Head of Investment Banking for Colombia, Central America, and the Caribbean at UBS Investment Bank in Bogot , Colombia. Prior to UBS, from 2013 to 2016, Mr. Molina served as Director
 and Head of Investment Banking for Colombia at Citigroup in Bogot , Colombia. Mr. Molina previously served in various other roles in the Investment Banking industry, including Senior Vice President at Bank of America Merrill Lynch between 2011 and
 2013 and Vice President at Stephens Inc. between 2007 and 2011. In addition, Mr. Molina serves on the Board of Clinica Oftalmologica de San Diego in Medell n, Colombia. Mr. Molina holds a B.A. in International Business from Eafit University and an
 M.B.A. from the Olin Graduate School of Business at Babson College. 

Number and Terms of Office of Officers and Directors

Our board of directors is divided into three classes, with only one class of directors being appointed in each year, and with each class (except for those directors appointed prior to our first
 annual general meeting) serving a three-year term. In accordance with the Nasdaq corporate governance requirements, we are not required to hold an annual general meeting until one year after our first fiscal year end following our listing on the
 Nasdaq. The term of office of the first class of directors, consisting of Ms. Bouazza, Mr. Morris and Mr. Molina, will expire at our first annual general meeting. The term of office of the second class of directors, consisting of Mr. Fernandez, Mr.
 Fleck, Mr. Canales and Mr. Moreno, will expire at our second annual general meeting. The term of office of the third class of directors, consisting of Mr. Rosas, Mr. Hill and Mr. Simental, will expire at our third annual general meeting.

Prior to the completion of an initial business combination, any vacancy on the board of directors may be filled by a nominee chosen by holders of a majority of our founder shares. In addition,
 prior to the completion of an initial business combination, holders of a majority of our founder shares may remove a member of the board of directors for any reason.

Our officers are appointed by the board of directors and serve at the discretion of the board of directors, rather than for specific terms of office. Our board of directors is authorized to appoint
 persons to the offices set forth in our Articles as it deems appropriate. Our Articles provides that our officers may consist of one or more chairman of the board, chief executive officer, president, chief financial officer, vice presidents,
 secretary, treasurer and such other offices as may be determined by the board of directors. Mr. Fleck will serve as Chairman of our board of directors.

Director Independence

Nasdaq listing standards require that a majority of our board of directors be independent. An independent director is defined generally as a person other than an officer or employee of the
 company or its subsidiaries or any other individual having a relationship which in the opinion of the company s board of directors, would interfere with the director s exercise of independent judgment in carrying out the responsibilities of a
 director. Our board of directors has determined that Ms. Bouazza, and Messrs. Morris, Molina, Fernandez, Fleck and Moreno are independent directors as defined in the Nasdaq listing standards. Our independent directors will have regularly
 scheduled meetings at which only independent directors are present.

Committees of the Board of Directors

Our board of directors has three standing committees: an audit committee, a nominating committee and a compensation committee. Subject to phase-in rules and a limited exception, the rules of the
 Nasdaq and Rule 10A-3 of the Exchange Act require that the audit committee of a listed company be comprised solely of independent directors. Subject to phase-in rules and a limited exception, the rules of the Nasdaq require that the compensation
 committee and the nominating committee of a listed company be comprised solely of independent directors.

Audit Committee

We have established an audit committee of the board of directors. Messrs. Fernandez, Fleck and Molina are members of our audit committee. Our board of directors has determined that each of these
 directors is independent under the Nasdaq listing standards and applicable SEC rules. Mr. Fernandez serves as the Chairman of the audit committee. Under the Nasdaq listing standards and applicable SEC rules, all the directors on the audit committee
 must be independent. Each member of the audit committee is financially literate and our board of directors has determined that Mr. Fernandez qualifies as an audit committee financial expert as defined in applicable SEC rules.

69 

Table of Contents 

The audit committee is responsible for:

meeting with our independent registered public accounting firm regarding, among other issues, audits, and adequacy of our accounting and control systems;

monitoring the independence of the independent registered public accounting firm;

verifying the rotation of the lead (or coordinating) audit partner having primary responsibility for the audit and the audit partner responsible for reviewing the audit as required by law;

inquiring and discussing with management our compliance with applicable laws and regulations;

pre-approving all audit services and permitted non-audit services to be performed by our independent registered public accounting firm, including the fees and terms of the services to be performed;

appointing or replacing the independent registered public accounting firm;

determining the compensation and oversight of the work of the independent registered public accounting firm (including resolution of disagreements between management and the independent auditor regarding financial reporting) for the
 purpose of preparing or issuing an audit report or related work;

establishing procedures for the receipt, retention and treatment of complaints received by us regarding accounting, internal accounting controls or reports which raise material issues regarding our financial statements or accounting
 policies;

monitoring compliance on a quarterly basis with the terms of this offering and, if any noncompliance is identified, immediately taking all action necessary to rectify such noncompliance or otherwise causing compliance with the terms of
 this offering; and

reviewing and approving all payments made to our existing shareholders, executive officers or directors and their respective affiliates. Any payments made to members of our audit committee will be reviewed and approved by our board of
 directors, with the interested director or directors abstaining from such review and approval.

Nominating Committee

We have established a nominating committee of our board of directors. The members of our nominating committee are Mssrs. Moreno, Fleck and Morris, and Mr. Moreno serves as chairman of the nominating committee. Under
 the Nasdaq listing standards, we are required to have a nominating committee composed entirely of independent directors. Our board of directors has determined that each of these directors are independent.

The nominating committee is responsible for overseeing the selection of persons to be nominated to serve on our board of directors. The nominating committee considers persons identified by its members, management,
 shareholders, investment bankers and others.

Guidelines for Selecting Director Nominees

The guidelines for selecting nominees, which are specified in our committee, generally will provide that persons to be nominated:

should have demonstrated notable or significant achievements in business, education or public service;

should possess the requisite intelligence, education and experience to make a significant contribution to the board of directors and bring a range of skills, diverse perspectives and backgrounds to its deliberations; and

should have the highest ethical standards, a strong sense of professionalism and intense dedication to serving the interests of the shareholders.

The nominating committee will consider a number of qualifications relating to management and leadership experience, background and integrity and professionalism in evaluating a person s candidacy
 for membership on the board of directors. The nominating committee may require certain skills or attributes, such as financial or accounting experience, to meet specific board needs that arise from time to time and will also consider the overall
 experience and makeup of its members to obtain a broad and diverse mix of board members. The nominating committee does not distinguish among nominees recommended by shareholders and other persons.

70 

Table of Contents 

Compensation Committee

We have established a compensation committee of our board of directors. The members of our compensation committee are Mssrs. Moreno, Fleck and Morris, and Mr. Moreno serves as chairman of the
 compensation committee.

Under the Nasdaq listing standards, we are required to have a compensation committee composed entirely of independent directors. Our board of directors has determined that each of Mssrs. Moreno,
 Fleck and Morris are independent. We have adopted a compensation committee charter, which details the principal functions of the compensation committee, including:

reviewing and approving on an annual basis the corporate goals and objectives relevant to our Chief Executive Officer s compensation evaluating our Chief Executive Officer s performance in light of such goals and objectives and
 determining and approving the remuneration (if any) of our Chief Executive Officer based on such evaluation;

reviewing and approving the compensation of all of our other executive officers;

reviewing our executive compensation policies and plans;

implementing and administering our incentive compensation equity-based remuneration plans;

assisting management in complying with our proxy statement and annual report disclosure requirements;

approving all special perquisites, special cash payments and other special compensation and benefit arrangements for our executive officers and employees;

producing a report on executive compensation to be included in our annual proxy statement; and

reviewing, evaluating and recommending changes, if appropriate, to the remuneration for directors.

The charter provides that the compensation committee may, in its sole discretion, retain or obtain the advice of a compensation consultant, legal counsel or other adviser and will be directly
 responsible for the appointment, compensation and oversight of the work of any such adviser. However, before engaging or receiving advice from a compensation consultant, external legal counsel or any other adviser, the compensation committee will
 consider the independence of each such adviser, including the factors required by the Nasdaq and the SEC.

Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation

None of our executive officers currently serves, and in the past year has not served, as a member of the compensation committee of any entity that has one or more executive officers serving on our
 board of directors.

Code of Ethics

We have adopted a Code of Ethics applicable to our directors, officers and employees. A copy of the Code of Ethics will be provided without charge upon request from us. We intend to disclose any
 amendments to or waivers of certain provisions of our Code of Ethics in a Current Report on Form 8-K.

Conflicts of Interest

Under Cayman Islands law, officers and directors owe the following fiduciary duties:

duty to act in good faith in what the director or officer believes to be in the best interests of the company as a whole;

duty to exercise powers for the purposes for which those powers were conferred and not for a collateral purpose;

directors should not improperly fetter the exercise of future discretion;

duty to exercise powers fairly as between different sections of shareholders;

duty not to put themselves in a position in which there is a conflict between their duty to the company and their personal interests; and

duty to exercise independent judgment.

In addition to the above, directors also owe a duty of care that is not fiduciary in nature. This duty has been defined as a requirement to act as a reasonably diligent person having both the
 general knowledge, skill and experience that may reasonably be expected of a person carrying out the same functions as are carried out by that director in relation to the company and the general knowledge skill and experience of that director.

71 

Table of Contents 

As set out above, directors have a duty not to put themselves in a position of conflict and this includes a duty not to engage in self-dealing, or to otherwise benefit as a result of their
 position. However, in some instances what would otherwise be a breach of this duty can be forgiven and/or authorized in advance by the shareholders provided that there is full disclosure by the directors.
 This can be done by way of permission granted in the Articles or alternatively by shareholder approval at general meetings.

Certain of our officers or directors presently have, and any of them in the future may have additional, fiduciary and contractual duties to other entities. As a result, if any of our officers or
 directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity that is suitable for an entity to which he or she has then-current fiduciary or contractual obligations, then, subject to their fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law, he or she will
 need to honor such fiduciary or contractual obligations to present such business combination opportunity to such entity, before we can pursue such opportunity. If these other entities decide to pursue any such opportunity, we may be precluded from
 pursuing the same. However, we do not expect these duties to materially affect our ability to complete our initial business combination. Our Articles provide that, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law: (i) no individual serving as a
 director or an officer shall have any duty, except and to the extent expressly assumed by contract, to refrain from engaging directly or indirectly in the same or similar business activities or lines of business as us; and (ii) we renounce any
 interest or expectancy in, or in being offered an opportunity to participate in, any potential transaction or matter which may be a corporate opportunity for any director or officer, on the one hand, and us, on the other, unless such opportunity is
 expressly offered to such person in their capacity as a director or officer of our company and the opportunity is one we are permitted to complete on a reasonable basis.

Below is a table summarizing the entities to which our executive officers and directors currently have fiduciary duties, contractual obligations or other material management relationships:

Individual

Entity

Entity s Business

Affiliation

Felipe C. Canales

Advent International

Asset Management

Operating Partner

FC Financial Consulting

Financial Consulting

Managing Partner

Arendal S.A. de CV

Engineering, Procurement and Construction

Board Member

Marco Simental

Andean Precious Metals Corp.

Precious Metals

Board Member

Nomura Securities

Financial Services

Former Managing Director, Infrastructure Power Finance

Jose I. Mujica

Ameris Capital

Asset Management

Partner and Board Member

AC Perforaciones

Industrial Equipment

Executive Chairman

Mall Barrio Independencia

Commercial Real Estate

Board Member

Zerohotel

Hospitality

Board Member

Albert G. Hill IV

King and Queen Mattress Co.

Consumer / Retail Goods

Chief Financial Officer

Katia Bouazza

HSBC

Banking

Vice Chair

Juan Manuel Fernandez

Banco Santander Mexico

Banking

Managing Director Head of Investment Banking and Corporate Finance

Felipe Morris

Intercorp Financial Services

Financial Services

Board Member

Interseguro

Insurance

Chairman of the Board of Directors

Interbank

Banking

Board Member

Inteligo

Banking

Board Member

Financiera OH!

Banking

Chairman of the Board of Directors

Mario Fleck

Acnext Capital

Asset Management

Partner

EFM Capital

Consulting

Board Member

Cristian Moreno

Ameris Capital

Asset Management

Partner and President

Copptech

Chemical and Biotecnology

Board member

Pedro Molina

Portland Private Equity

Asset Management

Investment Partner

Grupo IGA S.A.S.

Restaurants

Board Observer and Alternate Director

Celmedia

Technology, Media Telecom

Board Member

Merqueo S.A.S.

Grocery Wholesale

Board Member

Clinica Oftamologica de San Diego S.A.S.

Medical

Board Member

72 

Table of Contents 

Potential investors should also be aware of the following other potential conflicts of interest:

Our sponsor and each member of our management team have entered into an agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to any founder shares and public shares held by them in
 connection with (i) the completion of our initial business combination and (ii) a shareholder vote to approve an amendment to our Articles (A) that would modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A
 ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within the Extension Period (or such
 later date as may be approved by our shareholders) or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares. Additionally, our sponsor has agreed to waive its rights to liquidating
 distributions from the Trust Account with respect to its founder shares if we fail to complete our initial business combination within the prescribed timeframe. If we do not complete our initial business combination within the prescribed
 timeframe, the private placement warrants will expire worthless. Except as described herein, our sponsor, officers and directors have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of their founder shares until the earliest of (A) one year
 after the completion of our initial business combination and (B) subsequent to our initial business combination, (x) if the closing price of our Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds 12.00 per share (as adjusted for share subdivisions,
 share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after our initial business combination, or (y) the date on which we complete a
 liquidation, merger, share exchange or other similar transaction that results in all of our public shareholders having the right to exchange their ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property. Subject to certain exceptions, the
 private placement warrants will not be transferable until 30 days following the completion of our initial business combination. Because each of our executive officers and directors will own ordinary shares or warrants directly or
 indirectly, they may have a conflict of interest in determining whether a particular target business is an appropriate business with which to effectuate our initial business combination.

Our officers and directors may have a conflict of interest with respect to evaluating a particular business combination if the retention or resignation of any such officers and directors is included by a target business as a condition to
 any agreement with respect to our initial business combination. In addition, our sponsor, officers and directors may sponsor, form or participate in other blank check companies similar to ours during the period in which we are seeking an
 initial business combination. Any such companies may present additional conflicts of interest in pursuing an acquisition target, particularly in the event there is overlap among investment mandates.

We are not prohibited from pursuing an initial business combination with a company that is affiliated with our sponsor, officers or directors. In addition, in the event we seek to complete our
 initial business combination with a company that is affiliated with our sponsor or any of our officers or directors, we, or a committee of independent directors, will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or another
 independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions that such initial business combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view. We are not required to obtain such an opinion in any other context.

Furthermore, in no event will our sponsor or any of our existing officers or directors, or their respective affiliates, be paid by us any finder s fee, consulting fee or other compensation prior
 to, or for any services they render in order to effectuate, the completion of our initial business combination. In addition, we make payments of up to 13,000 per month to members of our management team for services rendered to us through the
 earlier of consummation of our initial business combination and our liquidation. Further, we also pay an affiliate of our sponsor for office space, secretarial and administrative services in the amount of 10,000 per month. Upon the completion of
 our initial business combination or our liquidation, we will cease paying these monthly fees.

We cannot assure you that any of the above mentioned conflicts will be resolved in our favor.

If we seek shareholder approval, we will complete our initial business combination only if we obtain the approval of an ordinary resolution under Cayman Islands law, which requires the affirmative
 vote of a majority of the shareholders who attend and vote at a general meeting of the company. In such case, our sponsor and each member of our management team have agreed to vote their founder shares and Class A ordinary shares held by the
 founders in favor of our initial business combination.

73 

Table of Contents 

Limitation on Liability and Indemnification of Officers and Directors

Cayman Islands law does not limit the extent to which a company s memorandum and articles of association may provide for indemnification of officers and directors, except to the extent any such
 provision may be held by the Cayman Islands courts to be contrary to public policy, such as to provide indemnification against willful default, willful neglect, civil fraud or the consequences of committing a crime. Our Articles provide for
 indemnification of our officers and directors to the maximum extent permitted by law, including for any liability incurred in their capacities as such, except through their own actual fraud, willful default or willful neglect. We will enter into
 agreements with our officers and directors to provide contractual indemnification in addition to the indemnification provided for in our Articles. We expect to purchase a policy of directors and officers liability insurance that insures our
 officers and directors against the cost of defense, settlement or payment of a judgment in some circumstances and insures us against our obligations to indemnify our officers and directors. Our officers and directors have agreed to waive any right,
 title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies in the Trust Account, and have agreed to waive any right, title, interest or claim of any kind they may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of, any services provided to us and
 will not seek recourse against the Trust Account for any reason whatsoever (except to the extent they are entitled to funds from the Trust Account due to their ownership of public shares). Accordingly, any indemnification provided will only be able
 to be satisfied by us if (i) we have sufficient funds outside of the Trust Account or (ii) we consummate an initial business combination.

Our indemnification obligations may discourage shareholders from bringing a lawsuit against our officers or directors for breach of their fiduciary duty. These provisions also may have the effect
 of reducing the likelihood of derivative litigation against our officers and directors, even though such an action, if successful, might otherwise benefit us and our shareholders. Furthermore, a shareholder s investment may be adversely affected to
 the extent we pay the costs of settlement and damage awards against our officers and directors pursuant to these indemnification provisions.

We believe that these provisions, the insurance and the indemnity agreements are necessary to attract and retain talented and experienced officers and directors.

Item 11. 

Executive Compensation.

Commencing on the date that our securities were first listed on the Nasdaq through the earlier of consummation of our initial business combination and our liquidation, we pay an affiliate of our
 sponsor for office space, secretarial and administrative services in the amount of 10,000 per month. We also set aside up to 13,000 per month for services rendered to us by members of our management team through the earlier of consummation of our
 initial business combination and our liquidation. In addition, our sponsor, executive officers and directors, or their respective affiliates will be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities on our behalf such
 as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable business combinations. Our audit committee will review on a quarterly basis all payments that were made by us to our sponsor, executive officers or directors, or
 their affiliates. Any such payments prior to an initial business combination will be made using funds held outside the Trust Account. Other than quarterly audit committee review of such reimbursements, we do not expect to have any additional
 controls in place governing our reimbursement payments to our directors and executive officers for their out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with our activities on our behalf in connection with identifying and consummating an initial
 business combination. Other than these payments and reimbursements, no compensation of any kind, including finder s and consulting fees, will be paid by the company to our sponsor, executive officers and directors, or their respective affiliates,
 prior to completion of our initial business combination.

After the completion of our initial business combination, directors or members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting or management fees from the combined company. All of
 these fees will be fully disclosed to shareholders, to the extent then known, in the proxy solicitation materials or tender offer materials furnished to our shareholders in connection with a proposed business combination. We have not established
 any limit on the amount of such fees that may be paid by the combined company to our directors or members of management. It is unlikely the amount of such compensation will be known at the time of the proposed business combination, because the
 directors of the post-combination business will be responsible for determining executive officer and director compensation. Any compensation to be paid to our executive officers will be determined, or recommended to the board of directors for
 determination, either by a compensation committee constituted solely by independent directors or by a majority of the independent directors on our board of directors.

We do not intend to take any action to ensure that members of our management team maintain their positions with us after the consummation of our initial business combination, although it is
 possible that some or all of our executive officers and directors may negotiate employment or consulting arrangements to remain with us after our initial business combination. The existence or terms of any such employment or consulting arrangements
 to retain their positions with us may influence our management s motivation in identifying or selecting a target business but we do not believe that the ability of our management to remain with us after the consummation of our initial business
 combination will be a determining factor in our decision to proceed with any potential business combination. We are not party to any agreements with our executive officers and directors that provide for benefits upon termination of employment.

74 

Table of Contents 

Item 12. 

Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters.

We have no compensation plans under which equity securities are authorized for issuance.

The following table sets forth information regarding the beneficial ownership of our ordinary shares as of the date of this Annual Report, by:

each person known by us to be the beneficial owner of more than 5 of our outstanding ordinary shares;

each of our executive officers, directors and director nominees; and

all our executive officers, directors and director nominees as a group.

Unless otherwise indicated, we believe that all persons named in the table have sole voting and investment power with respect to all ordinary shares beneficially owned by them. The following table
 does not reflect record or beneficial ownership of the private placement warrants or public warrants as these warrants are not exercisable within 60 days of the date of this Annual Report.

Class A Ordinary Shares

Class B Ordinary Shares (1) 

Beneficially

 Owned

Approximate

 Percentage

 of Issued and

 Outstanding Class A Ordinary

 Shares

Beneficially

 Owned

Approximate

 Percentage

 of Issued and

 Outstanding Class B

 Ordinary

 Shares

Name and Address of Beneficial Owner (2) 

Rose Hill Sponsor LLC

4,000,000

(2) 

94

1,031,250

(2) 

100

Felipe C. Canales (3) 

Marco Simental (3) 

Jose I. Mujica (3) 

Albert Hill IV

4,000,000

(2) 

94

1,031,250

(2) 

100

Juan Jose Rosas (3) 

Katia Bouazza (3) 

Juan Manuel Fernandez (3) 

Felipe Morris (3) 

Mario Fleck (3) 

Cristian Moreno (3) 

Pedro Molina (3) 

Other 5 Beneficial Owners

All directors and officers as a group (11 individuals)

4,000,000

94

1,031,250

100

Less than one percent.

(1) 

Unless otherwise noted, the business address of each of our shareholders is c/o Rose Hill Acquisition Corporation, 981 Davis Drive NW, Atlanta, GA 30327.

(2) 

Represents shares held by our sponsor. Each of our officers and directors is a member of our sponsor. The shares held by our sponsor are beneficially owned by Albert Hill, our co-Chief Financial Officer and the managing member of our
 sponsor, who has voting and dispositive power over the shares held by our sponsor.

(3) 

Does not include any shares held by our sponsor. This individual is a member of our sponsor, as described in footnote 2.

Item 13. 

Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence.

On June 15, 2021, our sponsor paid 25,000, or approximately 0.005 per share, to cover certain expenses on our behalf in consideration of 5,031,250 Class B ordinary shares, par value 0.0001
 (which amount of Class B ordinary shares had been adjusted pursuant to an Amended and Restated Subscription Agreement by and between us and our sponsor, dated August 25, 2021). The number of founder shares issued was determined based on the
 expectation that such founder shares would represent 25.9 of the issued and outstanding shares upon the completion of our IPO. The founder shares (including the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise thereof) may not, subject to certain
 limited exceptions, be transferred, assigned or sold by the holder.

75 

Table of Contents 

Our sponsor, Cantor and CCM purchased an aggregate of 6,100,000 private placement warrants (4,950,000 private placement warrants by our sponsor, 805,000 private placement warrants by Cantor and
 345,000 private placement warrants by CCM), each exercisable to purchase one Class A ordinary share at 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment, at a price of 1.25 per warrant generating 7,625,000 in the aggregate. Each private placement warrant
 entitles the holder to purchase one Class A ordinary share at 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment. The private placement warrants (including the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise thereof) may not, subject to certain limited
 exceptions, be transferred, assigned or sold by the holder until 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination.

Our office space is currently included in the 10,000 per month fee we pay to our sponsor for office space, administrative and support services pursuant to the Administrative Services Agreement.
 Upon the completion of our initial business combination or our liquidation, we will cease paying these monthly fees.

Other than as described in this Annual Report, no compensation of any kind, including finder s and consulting fees, will be paid by the company to our sponsor, executive officers and directors, or
 any of their respective affiliates, for services rendered prior to or in connection with the completion of an initial business combination. However, these individuals will be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with
 activities on our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable business combinations. In addition, we make payments of up to 13,000 per month to members of our management team for services
 rendered to us commencing through the earlier of consummation of our initial business combination and our liquidation. Our audit committee reviews on a quarterly basis all payments that were made to our sponsor, officers, directors or our or their
 affiliates. There is no cap or ceiling on the reimbursement of out-of-pocket expenses incurred by such persons in connection with activities on our behalf.

Prior to the consummation of our IPO, our sponsor agreed to loan us up to 300,000 to be used for a portion of the expenses of our IPO. This loan was non-interest bearing and payable on the earlier
 of December 31, 2021 or the completion of the IPO. On October 18, 2021, this loan was repaid in full.

In order to finance transaction costs in connection with an intended initial business combination, our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor or certain of our officers and directors may, but are
 not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required. If we complete an initial business combination, we may repay such loaned amounts out of the proceeds of the Trust Account released to us. In the event that the initial business combination does
 not close, we may use a portion of the working capital held outside the Trust Account to repay such loaned amounts but no proceeds from our Trust Account would be used for such repayment. Up to 1,500,000 of such loans may be convertible into
 warrants at a price of 1.25 per warrant at the option of the lender. The warrants would be identical to the private placement warrants, including as to exercise price, exercisability and exercise period. The terms of such loans by our officers and
 directors, if any, have not been determined and no written agreements exist with respect to such loans. Prior to our initial business combination, we do not expect to seek loans from parties other than our sponsor, its affiliates or our management
 team as we do not believe third parties will be willing to loan such funds and provide a waiver against any and all rights to seek access to funds in our Trust Account.

After our initial business combination, members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting, management or other fees from the combined company with any and all amounts being
 fully disclosed to our shareholders, to the extent then known, in the tender offer or proxy solicitation materials, as applicable, furnished to our shareholders. It is unlikely the amount of such compensation will be known at the time of
 distribution of such tender offer materials or at the time of a general meeting held to consider our initial business combination, as applicable, as it will be up to the directors of the post-combination business to determine executive and director
 compensation.

We have entered into a registration rights agreement pursuant to which our sponsor will be entitled to certain registration rights with respect to the private placement warrants, the warrants
 issuable upon conversion of working capital loans (if any) and the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the foregoing and upon conversion of the founder shares.

We engaged Cohen Company Capital Markets, a division of J.V.B. Financial Group, LLC CCM ), an affiliate of a member of our sponsor, to provide consulting and advisory services in connection
 with our IPO, for which it received a fee of 862,500. Affiliates of CCM have and manage investment vehicles with a passive investment in the Sponsor. CCM agreed to defer the portion of its fee resulting from exercise of the underwriters 
 over-allotment option until the consummation of our initial business combination. We will also engage CCM as an advisor in connection with our initial business combination for which it will earn an advisory fee of 2,156,250, payable at closing of
 our initial business combination.

76 

Table of Contents 

The audit committee of our board of directors has adopted a charter, providing for the review, approval and/or ratification of related party transactions, which are those transactions required to
 be disclosed pursuant to Item 404 of Regulation S-K as promulgated by the SEC, by the audit committee. At its meetings, the audit committee shall be provided with the details of each new, existing, or proposed related party transaction, including
 the terms of the transaction, any contractual restrictions that the company has already committed to, the business purpose of the transaction, and the benefits of the transaction to the company and to the relevant related party. Any member of the
 committee who has an interest in the related party transaction under review by the committee shall abstain from voting on the approval of the related party transaction, but may, if so requested by the chairman of the committee, participate in some
 or all of the committee s discussions of the related party transaction. Upon the completion of its review of the related party transaction, the committee may determine to permit or to prohibit the related party transaction.

Item 14. 

Principal Accounting Fees and Services.

The firm of BDO USA, LLP, acts as our independent registered public accounting firm. The following is a summary of fees paid or to be
 paid to BDO USA, LLP BDO for services rendered.

Audit Fees . Audit fees consist of fees paid for professional services rendered for the audit of our year-end financial statements and services that are normally provided by BDO in connection with regulatory filings. The
 aggregate fees billed by BDO for professional services rendered for the audit of our annual financial statements, review of the financial information included in our Forms 10-Q for the respective periods and other required filings with the SEC tor

the year ended December 31, 2022, and for the period from March 29, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, totaled 90,000 and 142,000, respectively.

Audit-Related Fees. Audit-related services consist of fees billed for assurance and related services that are reasonably related to performance of the audit or review of our financial statements and are not reported under
 Audit Fees. These services include attest services that are not required by statute or regulation and consultations concerning financial accounting and reporting standards. We did not pay BDO for any audit-related fees for the period f or
 the year ended December 31, 2022, and for the period from March 29, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021.

Tax Fees . Tax fees consist of fees billed for professional services relating to tax compliance, tax planning and tax advice. We did not pay BDO for tax planning and tax advice for the period for the year ended
 December 31, 2022, and for the period from March 29, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021.

All Other Fees . All other fees consist of
 fees billed for all other services. W e did not pay BDO for other services for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from March 29, 2021 (inception) through
 December 31, 2021.

Pre-Approval Policy

Our audit committee was formed upon the consummation of our IPO. As a result, the audit committee did not pre-approve all of the
 foregoing services, although any services rendered prior to the formation of our audit committee were approved by our board of directors. Since the formation of our audit committee, and on a going-forward basis, the audit committee has and will
 pre-approve all auditing services and permitted non-audit services to be performed for us by our auditors, including the fees and terms thereof (subject to the de minimis exceptions for non-audit services described in the Exchange Act which are
 approved by the audit committee prior to the completion of the audit).

77 

Table of Contents 

PART IV

Item 15 . 

Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules

(a)

The following documents are filed as part of this Form 10-K:

(1)

Financial Statements:

Page

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (BDO USA, LLP; New York, New York; PCAOB ID #243)

F-3

Balance Sheets 

F-4

Statements of Operations

F-5

Statements of Changes in Ordinary Shares Subject to Possible Redemption and Shareholders Deficit

F-6

Statements of Cash Flows

F-7

Notes to Financial Statements

F-8

(2)

Financial Statement Schedules:

None.

(3)

Exhibits

We hereby file as part of this Annual Report the exhibits listed in the attached Exhibit Index. Exhibits which are incorporated herein by reference can be inspected and copied at the public
 reference facilities maintained by the SEC, 100 F Street, N.E., Room 1580, Washington, D.C. 20549. Copies of such material can also be obtained from the Public Reference Section of the SEC, 100 F Street, N.E., Washington, D.C. 20549, at prescribed
 rates or on the SEC website at www.sec.gov.

Exhibit

 Number

Description

2.1

Business Combination Agreement, dated as of October 19, 2022, by and among Rose Hill, Prize and AGH (incorporated by reference to Exhibit
 3.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 25, 2022) 

3.1

Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association. (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 3.1 of
 the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 18, 2021) 

4.1

Warrant Agreement, dated October 13, 2021, by and between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer 
 Trust Company, as warrant agent (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 4.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 18, 2021) 

4.2 

Description of the Company s securities 

10.1

Letter Agreement, dated October 13, 2021, by and among the Company, its executive officers, its directors
 and Rose Hill Sponsor LLC (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 18, 2021) 

10.2

Investment Management Trust Agreement, dated October 13, 2021, by and between the Company and Continental
 Stock Transfer Trust Company, as trustee (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.2 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 18, 2021) 

78 

Table of Contents 

Exhibit

 Number

Description 

10.3

Registration Rights Agreement, dated October 13, 2021, by and among the Company, Rose Hill Sponsor LLC,
 Cantor Fitzgerald Co., J.V.B. Financial Group, LLC and the other holders party thereto (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.3 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 18, 2021). 

10.4

Private Placement Warrants Purchase Agreement, dated October 13, 2021, by and between the Company and Rose
 Hill Sponsor LLC and J.V.B. Financial Group, LLC (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.4 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 18, 2021). 

10.5

Private Placement Warrants Purchase Agreement, dated October 13, 2021, by and between the Company and Cantor
 Fitzgerald Co. (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.5 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 18, 2021). 

10.6

Administrative Services Agreement, dated October 13, 2021, by and between the Company and Rose Hill Sponsor
 LLC (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.6 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 18, 2021). 

10.7

Form of Indemnity Agreement (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.5 of the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (No. 333-259532)
 initially filed on September 21, 2021). 

10.8

Company Support Agreement, dated October 19, 2022, by and between the Company, Prize and AGH (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1
 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 25, 2022) 

10.9

Sponsor Support Agreement, dated October 19, 2022, by and between the Company, Rose Hill Sponsor LLC and Prize (incorporated by
 reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 25, 2022) 

24 

Power of Attorney (included on signature page of this annual report). 

31.1 

Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities
 Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

31.2 

Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities
 Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

31.3

Certification of Principal Financial and Accounting Officer pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the
 Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

31.4

Certification of Principal Financial and Accounting Officer pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the
 Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.1 

Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section
 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.2 

Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section
 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.3

Certification of Principal Financial and Accounting Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted
 pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.4

Certification of Principal Financial and Accounting Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted
 pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

(101.INS) Inline XBRL Instance Document

(101.SCH) Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document

(101.CAL) Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document

(101.DEF) Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document

(101.LAB) Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document

(101.PRE) Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document

Filed herewith.

Furnished.

Item 15. 

Form 10-K Summary.

None.

79 

Table of Contents 

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the Registrant has duly caused this annual report to be signed on its behalf by the
 undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, in New York City, New York, on the 31st day of March 2023.

ROSE HILL ACQUISITION CORPORATION

By:

/s/ Felipe Canales

Name: 

Felipe Canales

Title: 

Co-Chief Executive Officer

By:

/s/ Marco Simental

Name: 

Marco Simental

Title: 

Co-Chief Executive Officer

80 

Table of Contents 

POWERS OF ATTORNEY

KNOW ALL BY THESE PRESENTS, that each of the undersigned constitutes and appoints each of Felipe Canales and Marco Simental, each acting alone, his or her true and lawful attorneys-in-fact and agents, with full power
 of substitution and resubstitution, for such person and in his or her name, place and stead, in any and all capacities, to sign this annual report on Form 10-K (including amendments thereto), and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto, and
 other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents, each acting alone, full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and
 necessary to be done in and about the premises, as fully to all intents and purposes as he or she might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming that any such attorney-in-fact and agent, or his or her substitute or substitutes, may
 lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof.

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, this annual report has been signed below by the following persons in the capacities and on the dates indicated.

Name

Position

Date

/s/ Felipe Canales

Co-Chief Executive Officer and Director

March 31, 2023

Felipe Canales

(Principal executive officer)

/s/ Marco Simental

Co-Chief Executive Officer and Director

March 31, 2023

Marco Simental

(Principal executive officer)

/s/ Albert G. Hill IV

Co-Chief Financial Officer and Director

March 31, 2023

Albert G. Hill IV

(Principal financial and accounting officer)

/s/ Juan Jose Rosas

Co-Chief Financial Officer and Director

March 31, 2023

Juan Jose Rosas

(Principal financial and accounting officer)

/s/ Katia Bouazza

Director

March 31, 2023

Katia Bouazza

/s/ Mario Fleck

Director

March 31, 2023

Mario Fleck

/s/ Juan Manuel Fernandez

Director

March 31, 2023

Juan Manuel Fernandez

/s/ Felipe Morris

Director

March 31, 2023

Felipe Morris

/s/ Cristian Moreno

Director

March 31, 2023

Cristian Moreno

/s/ Pedro Molina

Director

March 31, 2023

Pedro Molina

81 

Table of Contents 

ROSE HILL ACQUISITION CORPORATION

INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (BDO USA, LLP; New York, New York; PCAOB ID # 243 

F-3

Financial Statements: 

Balance Sheets 

F-4

Statements of Operations 

F-5

Statements of Changes in Ordinary Share Subject to Possible Redemption and Shareholders Deficit 

F-6

Statements of Cash Flows 

F-7

Notes to Financial Statements 

F-8 to F-23

F-2 

Table of Contents 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

Shareholders and Board of Directors

Rose Hill Acquisition Corporation

New York, New York

Opinion on the Financial Statements

We have audited the accompanying balance sheets of Rose Hill Acquisition Corporation (the Company as December 31, 2022 and 2021,
 the related statements of operations, changes in ordinary shares subject to possible redemption and shareholders deficit, and cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from March 29, 2021 (inception) through December
 31, 2021 and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company at December 31, 2022 and 2021,
 and the results of operations and its cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from March 29, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United
 States of America.

Going Concern Uncertainty

The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in
 Note 1 to the financial statements, the Company does not have sufficient cash and working capital to sustain its operations and the Company s ability to execute its business plan is dependent upon its completion of the proposed business
 combination described in Note 1 to the financial statements. These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 1. The
 financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty.

Basis for Opinion

These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the
 Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in
 accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to
 obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over
 financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over
 financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion.

Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to
 error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the
 accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

/s/ 

We have served as the Company s auditor since 2021.

March 31, 2023

F-3 

Table of Contents 

Item 1. 

Financial Statements

ROSE HILL ACQUISITION CORP.

BALANCE SHEETS

December 31,

 2022 

December 31,

 2021 

ASSETS

CURRENT ASSETS

Cash

Prepaid expenses 

Due from affiliates

Total current assets

NON - CURRENT ASSETS

Prepaid expenses-non current assets 

Investments held in Trust Account

Total Non - Current Assets 

TOTAL ASSETS

LIABILITIES, REDEEMABLE ORDINARY SHARES AND SHAREHOLDERS DEFICIT

CURRENT LIABILITIES

Accounts payable and accrued expenses

Total current liabilities

LONG TERM LIABILITIES

Derivative warrant liabilities

Deferred underwriting fee payable

Total long-term liabilities

Total liabilities

COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES (NOTE 6) 

Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption, 
 par value, shares at redemption value at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively.

SHAREHOLDERS DEFICIT

Preference shares, par value; shares authorized; 
 issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 

Class A ordinary shares; par value;
 shares authorized; issued and outstanding (excluding shares subject to possible
 redemption) at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 

Class B ordinary shares; par value; shares authorized; 
 shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 

Additional paid-in capital

Accumulated deficit

Total shareholders deficit

LIABILITIES, REDEEMABLE ORDINARY SHARES AND SHAREHOLDERS DEFICIT

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements

F-4 

Table of Contents 

ROSE HILL ACQUISITION CORP.

STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS

Year Ended 

 December 31, 2022 

For the Period from 
 March 29, 2021 

(inception) through 

 December 31, 2021 

OPERATING EXPENSES

General and administrative expenses

Loss from operations 

Other income (expense) 

Interest income on investments held in Trust Account and other interest

Change in fair value of warrants

Offering costs related to warrant issuance

Total other income, net 

Net income 

Weighted average shares outstanding of Class A ordinary shares

Basic and diluted net income per share, Class A ordinary shares 

Weighted average shares outstanding of Class B ordinary shares

Basic and diluted net income (loss) per share, Class B ordinary shares 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements

F-5 

Table of Contents 

ROSE HILL ACQUISITION CORP.

STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN ORDINARY SHARES SUBJECT TO POSSIBLE REDEMPTION

AND SHAREHOLDERS DEFICIT

FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 

FOR THE PERIOD MARCH 29, 2021 (INCEPTION) TO DECEMBER 31, 2021

Class A ordinary shares

 subject to possible redemption

Preferred stock

Class B

 Ordinary shares

Shares

Amount

Shares

Amount

Shares

Amount

Additional

 paid-in

 capital

Accumulated

 deficit

Total

 Shareholders 

 Deficit

Balance, March 29, 2021 (inception)

Issuance of Class B ordinary shares to initial stockholders

Issuance of Class A ordinary shares, net of offering cost

Deemed capital contribution from sale of private placement warrants

Accretion for Class A ordinary shares to redemption value

Net income

Balance, December 31, 2021 

Remeasurement of redeemable Class A ordinary shares to redemption value

Net income 

Balance, December 31, 2022 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements

F-6 

Table of Contents 

ROSE HILL ACQUISITION CORP.

STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

Year Ended 

December 31, 2022

For the Period from March 29, 2021 (Inception) Through 

December 31, 2021

C ash
 Flows from Operating Activities: 

Net income

Adjustments to reconcile income to net cash used in operating activities:

Interest income on investments held in Trust Account

Change in fair value of warrants

Offering costs related to warrant issuance

Changes in operating assets and liabilities:

Prepaid from expenses and other assets

Due to affiliates

Accounts payable and accrued expenses

Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities

C ash
 Flows from Investing Activities: 

Cash deposited to Trust Account

Reinvestment of dividend income on Trust Account 

Net cash used in investing activities

C ash
 Flows from Financing Activities: 

Proceeds from initial public offering, net of underwriters discount

Proceeds from Private Placement Warrant

Proceeds from issuance of Class B ordinary shares to Sponsor

Payment of offering costs

Net cash provided by financing activities

Net Change in Cash

C ash 
 Beginning of period 

C ash 
 End of period 

Non-cash investing and
 financing activities: 

Deferred underwriting commissions payable charged to additional paid in capital

Remeasurement of redeemable Class A
 ordinary shares to redemption value 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements

F-7 

Table of Contents 

ROSE HILL ACQUISITION CORP.

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

DECEMBER 31, 2022

units Units with respect to the Class A ordinary shares included in the Units being offered (the Public Shares at per Unit generating gross proceeds of , which is discussed in Note 3. 

months from the closing of the IPO Combination Period to complete an Initial Business Combination. On January 12, 2023, as disclosed in the Company s Form 8-K dated January 13, 2023, the shareholders approved
 to amend the Articles of Association to extend the date by which the Company must complete its Initial Business Combination from January 18, 2023, to July 18, 2023 . Extension Proposal ). In connection with the votes to approve the Extension Proposal, the holders of 
 Class A ordinary shares of the Company properly exercised their right to redeem their shares. Following such redemption, the amount of funds remaining in the Company s trust account is approximately million . 

warrants Private Placement Warrants at a price of per
 Private Placement Warrant in a private placement to the Company s sponsor, Rose Hill Sponsor, LLC (the Sponsor ), Cantor Fitzgerald Co. Cantor ), and J.V.B Financial Group, LLC Cohen generating gross proceeds of , which is described in Note 4. 

additional Units upon receiving notice of the underwriter s election to fully exercise its overallotment option Overallotment Units ), generating additional
 gross proceeds of . Simultaneously with the exercise of the overallotment, the Company consummated the private placement
 of an additional Private Placement Warrants to the Sponsor, generating gross proceeds of .

, consisting of (net of reimbursed by the underwriters) of underwriting fees, of deferred underwriting fees payable (which are held in the Trust Account (defined below)) and of other costs. As described in Note 6, the of
 deferred underwriting fee payable is contingent upon the consummation of an Initial Business Combination, subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement.

per Unit) from the net proceeds of the sale of the Units in the IPO and the Private Placement Warrants, including the amounts
 generated from the exercise of the underwriters over-allotment option, was placed in a trust account Trust Account and will be invested in U.S. government securities, within the meaning set forth in Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment
 Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act ), with a maturity of days or less or in any open-ended investment
 company that holds itself out as a money market fund selected by the Company meeting the conditions of paragraphs (d)(2), (d)(3) and (d)(4) of Rule 2a-7 of the Investment Company Act, as determined by the Company, until the earlier of: (i) the
 completion of an Initial Business Combination and (ii) the distribution of the Trust Account, as described below.

of the assets held in the Trust Account excluding the deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable on income earned on the Trust Account at the time of the agreement to enter into the Initial Business Combination. However, the Company
 will only complete an Initial Business Combination if the post-transaction company owns or acquires or more of the outstanding
 voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. There is no assurance the Company will be
 able to successfully effect an Initial Business Combination.

F-8 

Table of Contents 

per Public Share, plus any pro rata interest then in the Trust Account,
 net of taxes payable). There will be no redemption rights with respect to the Company s warrants.

in connection with approval of an Initial Business Combination, the Public Shares are redeemable and are classified as such on the balance sheet until such date that a
 redemption event takes place.

or more of the Class A ordinary shares sold in the IPO, without the prior consent of the Company.

of its Public Shares if the
 Company does not complete an Initial Business Combination, unless the Company provides the Public Shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their shares of Class A ordinary shares in conjunction with any such amendment.

F-9 

Table of Contents 

months from the closing of the IPO Combination Period ), the Company will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably
 possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the Public Shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to
 the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to us to pay the Company s franchise and income taxes (less up to of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding Public Shares, which redemption will completely
 extinguish Public Shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the
 approval of the Company s remaining shareholders and the Company s board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in each case to the Company s obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of
 other applicable law.

per shares held in the Trust Account. In order to protect the amounts held in the Trust Account, the Sponsor has agreed to be liable to the
 Company if and to the extent any claims by a vendor for services rendered or products sold to the Company, or a prospective target business with which the Company has discussed entering into a transaction agreement, reduce the amount of funds
 in the Trust Account. This liability will not apply with respect to any claims by a third party who executed a waiver of any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the Trust Account or to any claims under the
 Company s indemnity of the underwriters of the IPO against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ). Moreover, in the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be
 unenforceable against a third party, the Sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third-party claims. The Company will seek to reduce the possibility that the Sponsor will have to indemnify the Trust Account due
 to claims of creditors by endeavoring to have all vendors, service providers (except the Company s independent registered public accounting firm), prospective target businesses or other entities with which the Company does business, execute
 agreements waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to monies held in the Trust Account.

in its operating bank accounts, in cash and securities held in the Trust Account to be used for an Initial Business
 Combination or to repurchase or redeem its ordinary shares in connection therewith and working capital of .

year from the issuance date of the financial statements. These financial statements do not include any adjustments relating to the recovery of the recorded assets or the
 classification of the liabilities that might be necessary should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern. 

F-10 

Table of Contents 

. The Equity Value under the Business Combination Agreement is an amount equal to (i) , minus (ii) the lesser of (a) the aggregate amount of transaction expenses (the Specified Transaction Expenses of Prize and the
 Company (other than those expenses incurred in respect of obtaining an equity line of credit or similar financing arrangement to be in place and available to PubCo as of the closing of the Business Combination Closing )) and (b) . 

, then the number of PubCo ordinary shares otherwise issuable
 to Rose Hill Sponsor LLC (the Sponsor under the Business Combination Agreement will be decreased by a number of shares equal to the amount of such excess divided by .

,
 (b) , (c) ,
 or (d) in each case, over any thirty ) days on which the PubCo ordinary shares are tradeable
 on NASDAQ Trading Days within any consecutive forty-five ) Trading Day period then PubCo will issue PubCo
 ordinary shares to Prize Earn-Out Shares after the occurrence of each such consecutive forty-five ) Trading Day period. For the avoidance of doubt, Prize may be entitled to receive a maximum of Earn-Out Shares in the aggregate in respect of the occurrence of all Earn-Out Events.

F-11 

Table of Contents 

of PubCo ordinary shares at a purchase price of of the Market Price (as defined therein) of the PubCo ordinary shares, subject to the terms and conditions set forth therein. 

F-12 

Table of Contents 

and 
 of cash and cash equivalents as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively.

F-13 

Table of Contents 

(including of
 underwriting fees charged on the over-allotment exercise). Of this amount, was charged to reduce the carrying amount of
 Class A Redeemable shares upon the completion of the IPO and was expensed due to allocating certain offering costs to the
 warrant liability.

F-14 

Table of Contents 

unrecognized tax benefits as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. The Company s management determined that the Cayman Islands is the Company s only major tax jurisdiction. The Company is
 not currently aware of any issues under review that could result in significant payments, accruals, or material deviation from its position. The Company is subject to tax examinations by major taxing authorities since inception. There is
 currently no taxation imposed by the Government of the Cayman Islands. In accordance with Cayman income tax regulations, income taxes are not levied on the Company. Consequently, income taxes are not reflected in the Company s financial
 statements. The Company s management does not expect that the total amount of unrecognized tax benefits will materially change over the next twelve months. 

shares of Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption is presented as
 temporary equity, outside of the shareholders deficit section of the Company s balance sheets.

F-15 

Table of Contents 

classes of shares, which are referred to as Class A ordinary shares and Class B ordinary shares (the Founder
 Shares ). Earnings and losses are shared pro rata between the classes of shares. Public Warrants (see Note 3) and Private
 Placement Warrants (see Note 4) to purchase ordinary shares at per share were issued on October 18, 2021. At December 31, 2022, Public Warrants or Private Placement Warrants have been exercised. The 
 potential shares of Class A ordinary shares for outstanding Public Warrants and Private Placement Warrants to purchase the Company s shares were excluded from diluted earnings per share for the year ended December 31, 2022 because they are
 contingently exercisable, and the contingencies have not yet been met. As a result, diluted net income (loss) per ordinary shares is the same as basic net income per ordinary shares for the period. The table below presents a reconciliation of
 the numerator and denominator used to compute basic and diluted net income per share for each class of share .

Less: Accretion of temporary equity to redemption value

Net income excluding accretion of temporary equity to redemption

Ownership percentage

Total income allocated

Less: Accretion allocated based on ownership percentage

Plus: Accretion applicable to Class A redeemable shares

Total income by class

Weighted Average Shares outstanding

Income per share

Net income from IPO date to year-end

Total income from inception to year-end

Less: Accretion of Class A redeemable shares to redemption value

Net loss including accretion of Class A redeemable shares to redemption value

F-16 

Table of Contents 

Less: Accretion allocated based on ownership percentage

Plus: Accretion applicable to Class A redeemable shares

Total income (loss) allocable by each class

Weighted Average Shares Outstanding including common stock subject to redemption

Basic and diluted net income (loss) per share

units (including units as part of the underwriters exercise of the over-allotment option) at a price of per Unit. Each Unit consists of 
 share of Class A ordinary shares (such shares of Class A ordinary shares included in the Units being offered, the Public Shares ), and one-half 
 a redeemable warrant (each, a Public Warrant ). Each Public Warrant entitles the holder to purchase share of Class A ordinary
 shares at a price of per share, subject to adjustment (see Note 7).

warrants (the Placement Warrants in a private placement transaction at a price of per Placement Warrant, generating gross proceeds of .
 The Placement Warrants were purchased by Cantor Placement Warrants), Cohen Placement Warrants) and Sponsor Placement
 Warrants). Each whole Placement Warrant will be exercisable to purchase share of Class A ordinary shares at a price of per share. A portion of the proceeds from the Private Placement Warrants will be added to the proceeds from the IPO to be held in the Trust
 Account. If the Company does not complete an Initial Business Combination within the Combination Period, the proceeds from the sale of the Private Placement Warrants will be used to fund the redemption of the Public Shares (subject to the
 requirements of applicable law), and the Private Placement Warrants and all underlying securities will be worthless.

shares (the Founder Shares of the Company s Class B ordinary shares, par value Class B ordinary shares for an aggregate
 price of . The Founder Shares will automatically convert into shares of Class A ordinary shares at the time of the Company s
 Initial Business Combination and are subject to certain transfer restrictions, as described in Note 8. Holders of Founder Shares may also elect to convert their shares of Class B ordinary shares into an equal number of shares of Class A ordinary
 shares, subject to adjustment, at any time. The initial shareholders agreed to forfeit up to Founder Shares to the extent that
 the -day over-allotment option was not exercised in full by the underwriters. Since the underwriters exercised the over-allotment
 option in full, the Sponsor did not forfeit any Founder Shares.

F-17 

Table of Contents 

after the completion of the Initial Business Combination or (B) subsequent to the Initial Business Combination,
 (x) if the last sale price of the Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds per share (as adjusted for share splits, share
 dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any trading days within any -trading day period commencing at least 
 days after the Initial Business Combination, or (y) the date on which the Company completes a liquidation, merger, capital stock exchange or other similar transaction that results in all of the Company s shareholders having the right to exchange
 their shares of ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property.

to cover expenses related to the IPO pursuant to a promissory note (the Note ). This loan was non-interest bearing and payable on the earlier of December 31, 2021 or
 the completion of the IPO. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had outstanding borrowings under the Note.

million of such Working Capital Loans may be convertible into warrants of the post Initial
 Business Combination entity at a price of per warrant. The warrants would be identical to the Private Placement Warrants. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were Working Capital Loans outstanding. 

per month following the consummation of the IPO until the earlier of the consummation of the Initial Business Combination or liquidation. In addition, the Company may make payments of up to per month to members of the management team for services rendered to the Company commencing on the date that the Company's securities are first
 listed on Nasdaq through the earlier of consummation of the Initial Business Combination and our liquidation.

and , respectively,
 has been incurred under the agreeement.

-day

option from the final prospectus relating to the IPO to purchase up to additional Units to cover over-allotments, if any,
 at the IPO price less the underwriting discounts and commissions. On October 18, 2021, the underwriters fully exercised their over-allotment option and purchased units at per unit.

per unit, or in the aggregate at the closing of the IPO (which includes related to the exercise of the over-allotment option), of which was reimbursed to the Company to pay for additional advisors and expenses. In addition, the underwriters are entitled to a deferred underwriting commissions of per unit, or (which
 includes related to the exercise of the over-allotment option) from the closing of the IPO. The deferred fee will become
 payable to the underwriters from the amounts held in the Trust Account solely if the Company completes an Initial Business Combination, subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement.

F-18 

Table of Contents 

Class A ordinary shares of the Company properly exercised their right to redeem their shares.
 Following such redemption, the amount of funds remaining in the Company s Trust Account is approximately million 

shares of Class A ordinary shares with a par value of per share. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were - - (excluding shares of Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption) shares of Class A ordinary shares issued and outstanding.

shares of Class B ordinary shares with a par value of per share. Holders of Class B ordinary shares are entitled to vote for each share. As
 of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were shares of Class B ordinary shares outstanding of which are subject to forfeiture since the underwriters -day over-allotment option was exercised in full.

-for-one basis, subject to adjustment. In the case that additional shares of Class A ordinary shares, or
 equity-linked securities, are issued or deemed issued in excess of the amounts offered in the IPO and related to the closing of the Initial Business Combination, the ratio at which shares of Class B ordinary shares shall convert into shares
 of Class A ordinary shares will be adjusted (unless the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of Class B ordinary shares agree to waive such adjustment with respect to any such issuance or deemed issuance) so that the number of
 shares of Class A ordinary shares issuable upon conversion of all shares of Class B ordinary shares will equal, in the aggregate, on an as-converted basis, of the sum of the total number of all shares of ordinary shares outstanding upon the completion of the IPO plus all shares of Class A ordinary shares and equity-linked securities
 issued or deemed issued in connection with the Initial Business Combination (excluding any shares or equity-linked securities issued, or to be issued, to any seller in the Initial Business Combination and any private placement-equivalent
 warrants issued to the Sponsor or its affiliates upon conversion of loans made to the Company). Holders of Founder Shares may also elect to convert their shares of Class B ordinary shares into an equal number of shares of Class A ordinary
 shares, subject to adjustment as provided above, at any time.

shares of preference shares with such designations, voting and other rights and preferences as may be determined from time to time by
 the Company s board of directors. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were shares of preference shares issued or
 outstanding.

days after the completion of an Initial Business Combination. No warrants will be exercisable for cash unless the Company has an effective and
 current registration statement covering the shares of ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants and a current prospectus relating to such shares of ordinary shares. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if a registration statement
 covering the shares of ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the Public Warrants is not effective within a specified period following the consummation of an Initial Business Combination, warrant holders may, until such time as there is an
 effective registration statement and during any period when the Company shall have failed to maintain an effective registration statement, exercise warrants on a cashless basis pursuant to the exemption provided by Section 3(a)(9) of the
 Securities Act, provided that such exemption is available. If that exemption, or another exemption, is not available, holders will not be able to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis. The Public Warrants will expire after the completion of an Initial Business Combination or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. 

F-19 

Table of Contents 

per warrant;

days prior written notice of redemption, which we refer to as
 the -day redemption period and

per share (as adjusted for adjustments to the number of shares issuable upon exercise or the exercise price of a warrant as described under the heading Description of
 Securities Warrants Public Shareholders Warrants Anti-Dilution Adjustments for any trading days within a -trading day period ending on the third 
 trading day prior to the date on which we send the notice of redemption to the warrant holders.

-day redemption period. If and when the warrants become redeemable by us, we may exercise our redemption right even if we are unable to register or qualify the underlying securities
 for sale under all applicable state securities laws.

trading days immediately following the date on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders of
 warrants. We will provide our warrant holders with the final fair market value no later than one business day after the trading
 day period described above ends. Any redemption of the warrants for Class A ordinary shares will apply to both the public warrants and the private placement warrants.

F-20 

Table of Contents 

per share of ordinary
 shares (with such issue price or effective issue price to be determined in good faith by the Company s board of directors, and in the case of any such issuance to the initial shareholders or their affiliates, without taking into account any
 Founder Shares held by them prior to such issuance), (y) the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent more than of
 the total equity proceeds, and interest thereon, available for the funding of an Initial Business Combination on the date of the consummation of an Initial Business Combination (net of redemptions), and (z) the volume weighted average trading
 price of the Company s ordinary shares during the trading day period starting on the trading day prior to the day on which the
 Company consummates an Initial Business Combination (such price, the Market Value is below per share, the exercise price of
 the warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to of the greater of (i) the Market Value or (ii) the price at
 which the Company issues the additional shares of ordinary shares or equity-linked securities.

F-21 

Table of Contents 

Public Warrants and Private Placement Warrants outstanding.

Liabilities:

Warrant Liability - Public Warrants

Warrant Liability - Private Warrants

Liabilities:

Warrant Liability - Public Warrants

Warrant Liability - Private Warrants

until the close of an Initial Business Combination, and the contractual term subsequently. The dividend rate is based on the historical rate, which the Company anticipates remaining at zero. 

F-22 

Table of Contents 

and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively . 

Exercise Price

Redemption trigger price

Term (years)

Probability of Acquisition

Volatility

Risk Free Rate

Dividend Yield

Issuance of Private Warrants Level 3 measurements

Change in fair value of derivative warrant liabilities with Level 3 inputs

Derivative warrant liabilities at December 31, 2021 with Level 3 inputs

Transfer out of level 3

Derivative warrant liabilities at December 31, 2022 with Level 3 inputs

and ,
 respectively .

F-23 

Table of Contents 

Class A ordinary shares of the Company properly exercised their right to redeem their shares. Following such redemption, the amount of funds remaining in the Company s Trust Account is approximately million.

Publicly Held Shares, (ii) Listing Rule 5450(b)(2)(A),
 requiring a minimum of million Market Value of Listed Securities, (iii) Listing Rule 5450(b)(2)(C), requiring a minimum of million in Market Value of Publicly Held Shares and (iv) Listing Rule 5450(a)(2), requiring a minimum of Total Holders (collectively, the Nasdaq Listing Rules ). 

<EX-4.2>
 2
 brhc10050517_ex4-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 4.2

Exhibit 4.2 

ROSE HILL ACQUISITION CORPORATION

 DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES

Pursuant to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, our authorized capital stock consists of 200,000,000 Class A ordinary shares and 20,000,000 Class B ordinary shares, as well as 2,000,000
 preference shares, 0.0001 par value each. The following description summarizes the material terms of our shares as set out more particularly in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. Because it is only a summary, it may
 not contain all the information that is important to you.

Units 

Each unit consists of one Class A ordinary share and one-half of one redeemable warrant. Each whole warrant entitles the holder thereof to purchase one Class A ordinary share at a price of 11.50 per share, subject
 to adjustment as described in our final prospectus filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC on October 15, 2021. Pursuant to the warrant agreement, a warrant holder may exercise its warrants only for a whole number of the
 company s Class A ordinary shares. This means only a whole warrant may be exercised at any given time by a warrant holder.

Ordinary Shares 

Ordinary shareholders of record are entitled to one vote for each share held on all matters to be voted on by shareholders. Except as described below, holders of Class A ordinary shares and holders of Class B
 ordinary shares will vote together as a single class on all matters submitted to a vote of our shareholders except as required by law.

Unless specified in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, or as required by applicable provisions of the Companies Act or applicable stock exchange rules, the affirmative vote of a majority
 of our ordinary shares that are voted is required to approve any such matter voted on by our shareholders. Approval of certain actions, such as amending our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association and approving a statutory
 merger or consolidation with another company, will require a special resolution under Cayman Islands law and pursuant to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, being the affirmative vote of at least two-thirds of our
 ordinary shares that are voted. The provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association governing the appointment or removal of directors prior to our initial business combination may only be amended by a special
 resolution passed by not less than two-thirds of our ordinary shares who attend and vote at our general meeting which shall include the affirmative vote of a simple majority of our Class B ordinary shares.

There is no cumulative voting with respect to the election of directors, with the result that the holders of more than 50 of the shares voted for the election of directors can elect all of the directors. In
 accordance with the Nasdaq corporate governance requirements, we are not required to hold an annual general meeting until one year after our first fiscal year end following our listing on the Nasdaq. There is no requirement under the Companies Act
 for us to hold annual or extraordinary general meetings to appoint directors. We may not hold an annual general meeting to appoint new directors prior to the consummation of our initial business combination. Prior to the completion of an initial
 business combination, any vacancy on the board of directors may be filled by a nominee chosen by holders of a majority of our founder shares. There is no cumulative voting with respect to the appointment of directors.

We will provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their public shares upon the completion of our initial business combination at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to
 the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account calculated as of two business days prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released
 to us to pay our income taxes, if any, divided by the number of the then-outstanding public shares, subject to the limitations described herein. The amount in the trust account is initially anticipated to be 10.89 per public share. The per share
 amount we will distribute to investors who properly redeem their shares will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commissions we will pay to the underwriters. The redemption rights will include the requirement that a beneficial owner must
 identify itself in order to valid redeem its shares. Each public shareholder may elect to redeem their public shares irrespective of whether they vote for or against the proposed transaction or vote at all. Our sponsor and each member of our
 management team have entered into an agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to any founder shares and public shares held by them in connection with (i) the completion of our initial
 business combination and (ii) a shareholder vote to approve an amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) that would modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary
 shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within the Extension Period (or such later date as may
 be approved by our shareholders) or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares.

Unlike many blank check companies that hold shareholder votes and conduct proxy solicitations in conjunction with their initial business combinations and provide for related redemptions of public shares for cash upon
 the completion of such initial business combinations even when a vote is not required by law, if a shareholder vote is not required by applicable law or stock exchange listing requirements, if a shareholder vote is not required by applicable law or
 stock exchange listing requirements and we do not decide to hold a shareholder vote for business or other reasons, we will, pursuant to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, conduct the redemptions pursuant to the tender
 offer rules of the SEC, and file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing our initial business combination. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association will require these tender offer documents to contain
 substantially the same financial and other information about the initial business combination and the redemption rights as is required under the SEC s proxy rules. If, however, a shareholder approval of the transaction is required by applicable law
 or stock exchange listing requirements, or we decide to obtain shareholder approval for business or other reasons, we will, like many blank check companies, offer to redeem shares in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to the proxy rules
 and not pursuant to the tender offer rules.

If we seek shareholder approval, we will complete our initial business combination only if we obtain the approval of an ordinary resolution under Cayman Islands law, which requires the affirmative vote of a majority
 of the shareholders who attend and vote at a general meeting of the Company. In such case, our sponsor and each member of our management team have agreed to vote their founder shares and Class A ordinary shares held by the founders in favor of our
 initial business combination. As of January 31, 2023, our sponsor owns, on an as-converted basis, 95 of our outstanding ordinary shares. Therefore, we would not need any of the 256,984 public shares issued and outstanding (assuming all issued and
 outstanding shares are voted or assuming only the minimum number of shares representing a quorum are voted) to be voted in favor of an initial business combination in order to have such initial business combination approved. The participation of
 our sponsor, officers, directors, advisors or their affiliates in privately-negotiated transactions (as described in our IPO prospectus filed with the SEC on October 13, 2021), if any, could result in the approval of our initial business
 combination even if a majority of our public shareholders vote, or indicate their intention to vote, against such initial business combination. For purposes of seeking approval of the majority of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares,
 non-votes will have no effect on the approval of our initial business combination once a quorum is obtained. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association will require that at least five days notice will be given of any general
 meeting.

If we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, then, pursuant to our
 amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, a public shareholder, together with any affiliate of such shareholder or any other person with whom such shareholder is acting in concert or as a group (as defined under Section 13 of
 the Exchange Act), will be restricted from redeeming its shares with respect to Excess Shares, without our prior consent. However, we would not be restricting our shareholders ability to vote all of their shares (including Excess Shares) for or
 against our initial business combination. Our shareholders inability to redeem the Excess Shares will reduce their influence over our ability to complete our initial business combination, and such shareholders could suffer a material loss in their
 investment if they sell such Excess Shares on the open market. Additionally, such shareholders will not receive redemption distributions with respect to the Excess Shares if we complete our initial business combination. And, as a result, such
 shareholders will continue to hold that number of shares exceeding 15 and, in order to dispose such shares would be required to sell their shares in open market transactions, potentially at a loss.

Pursuant to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, if we have not consummated an initial business combination within the Extension Period, we will (i) cease all operations except for the
 purpose of winding up; (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account,
 including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our income taxes, if any (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses) divided by the number of the then-outstanding public
 shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any); and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption,
 subject to the approval of our remaining shareholders and our board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in each case to our obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable
 law. Our sponsor and each member of our management team have entered into an agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to any founder shares they
 hold if we fail to consummate an initial business combination within the Extension Period (or such later date as may be approved by our shareholders) (although they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect
 to any public shares they hold if we fail to complete our initial business combination within the prescribed timeframe). Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that, if we wind up for any other reason prior to the
 consummation of our initial business combination, we will follow the foregoing procedures with respect to the liquidation of the trust account as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, subject to applicable
 Cayman Islands law.

2 

Our shareholders are entitled to receive ratable dividends when, as and if declared by the board of directors out of funds legally available therefor. In the event of a liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the company after a business
 combination, our shareholders are entitled to share ratably in all assets remaining available for distribution to them after payment of liabilities and after provision is made for each class of shares, if any, having preference over the ordinary
 shares. Our shareholders have no preemptive or other subscription rights. There are no sinking fund provisions applicable to the ordinary shares, except that we will provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their public shares
 for cash at a per share price equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our income taxes, if any, divided by the
 number of the then-outstanding public shares, upon the completion of our initial business combination, subject to the limitations described herein. 

Founder Shares 

The founder shares are designated as Class B ordinary shares and, except as described below, are identical to the Class A ordinary shares included in the units sold in our initial public offering, and holders of
 founder shares have the same shareholder rights as public shareholders, except that: (a) the founder shares are subject to certain transfer restrictions, as described in more detail below; (b) our sponsor and each member of our management team have
 entered into an agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to (i) waive their redemption rights with respect to their founder shares in connection with the completion of our initial business combination, (ii) waive their redemption
 rights with respect to their founder shares and public shares in connection with a shareholder vote to approve an amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) that would modify the substance or timing of our
 obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination
 within the Extension Period (or such later date as may be approved by our shareholders) or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares; and (iii) waive their rights to liquidating
 distributions from the trust account with respect to any founder shares they hold if we fail to consummate an initial business combination within the Extension Period (or such later date as may be approved by our shareholders) (although they will
 be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to any public shares they hold if we fail to complete our initial business combination within the prescribed timeframe); and (c) the founder shares are entitled to
 registration rights. If we seek shareholder approval, we will complete our initial business combination only if we obtain the approval of an ordinary resolution under Cayman Islands law, which requires the affirmative vote of a majority of the
 shareholders who attend and vote at a general meeting of the company. In such case, our sponsor and each member of our management team have agreed to vote their founder shares and Class A ordinary shares held by the founders in favor of our initial
 business combination.

The founder shares are designated as Class B ordinary shares. On March 6, 2023, Sponsor elected to convert 4,000,000 of its founder shares into 4,000,000 Class A ordinary shares, on a one-to-one basis. Such converted
 Class A ordinary shares do not have redemption rights and are not entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account if we do not consummate an initial business combination. The remaining 1,031,250 founder shares designed as Class B
 ordinary shares will automatically convert into Class A ordinary shares (which such Class A ordinary shares delivered upon conversion will not have redemption rights or be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account if we do not
 consummate an initial business combination) at the time of our initial business combination or earlier at the option of the holders thereof at a ratio such that the number of public shares held by the Sponsor following the business combination will
 equal 25.9 of the combined public entity. In no event will the Class B ordinary shares convert into Class A ordinary shares at a rate of less than one-to-one.

Except as described herein, our sponsor, officers and directors have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of their founder shares until earliest of (A) one year after the completion of our initial business
 combination and (B) subsequent to our initial business combination, (x) if the closing price of our Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds 12.00 per share (as adjusted for share subdivisions, share capitalizations, reorganizations,
 recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after our initial business combination, or (y) the date on which we complete a liquidation, merger, share exchange or other
 similar transaction that results in all of our public shareholders having the right to exchange their ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property. We refer to such transfer restrictions throughout this Annual Report as the lock-up. Any
 permitted transferees would be subject to the same restrictions and other agreements of our sponsor, officers and directors with respect to any founder shares.

3 

Register of Members 

Under Cayman Islands law, we must keep a register of members and there will be entered therein:

the names and addresses of the members, a statement of the shares held by each member, and of the amount paid or agreed to be considered as paid on the shares of each member and the voting rights of shares;

whether voting rights are attached to the share in issue;

the date on which the name of any person was entered on the register as a member; and

the date on which any person ceased to be a member.

Under Cayman Islands law, the register of members of our company is prima facie evidence of the matters set out therein (i.e., the register of members will raise a presumption of fact on the matters referred to above
 unless rebutted) and a member registered in the register of members will be deemed as a matter of Cayman Islands law to have legal title to the shares as set against its name in the register of members. The shareholders recorded in the register of
 members are deemed to have legal title to the shares set against their name. However, there are certain limited circumstances where an application may be made to a Cayman Islands court for a determination on whether the register of members reflects
 the correct legal position. Further, the Cayman Islands court has the power to order that the register of members maintained by a company should be rectified where it considers that the register of members does not reflect the correct legal
 position. If an application for an order for rectification of the register of members were made in respect of our ordinary shares, then the validity of such shares may be subject to re-examination by a Cayman Islands court.

Preference Shares 

Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association authorizes 2,000,000 preference shares and provide that preference shares may be issued from time to time in one or more series. Our board of directors
 will be authorized to fix the voting rights, if any, designations, powers, preferences, the relative, participating, optional or other special rights and any qualifications, limitations and restrictions thereof, applicable to the shares of each
 series. Our board of directors will be able to, without shareholder approval, issue preference shares with voting and other rights that could adversely affect the voting power and other rights of the holders of the ordinary shares and could have
 anti-takeover effects. The ability of our board of directors to issue preference shares without shareholder approval could have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a change of control of us or the removal of existing management. We have
 no preference shares issued and outstanding at the date hereof. Although we do not currently intend to issue any preference shares, we cannot assure you that we will not do so in the future. No preference shares are being issued or registered in
 our initial public offering.

Warrants 

Public Shareholders Warrants 

Each whole warrant entitles the registered holder to purchase one Class A ordinary share at a price of 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment as discussed below, at any time commencing on the later of twelve months
 from the closing of our initial public offering and 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination, except as discussed in the immediately succeeding paragraph. Pursuant to the warrant agreement, a warrant holder may exercise its
 warrants only for a whole number of Class A ordinary shares. This means only a whole warrant may be exercised at a given time by a warrant holder. No fractional warrants will be issued upon separation of the units and only whole warrants will
 trade. Accordingly, unless you purchase at least two units, you will not be able to receive or trade a whole warrant. The warrants will expire five years after the completion of our initial business combination, at 5:00 p.m., New York City time, or
 earlier upon redemption or liquidation.

We will not be obligated to deliver any Class A ordinary shares pursuant to the exercise of a warrant and will have no obligation to settle such warrant exercise unless a registration statement under the Securities
 Act with respect to the Class A ordinary shares underlying the warrants is then effective and a prospectus relating thereto is current, subject to our satisfying our obligations described below with respect to registration, or a valid exemption
 from registration is available. No warrant will be exercisable and we will not be obligated to issue a Class A ordinary share upon exercise of a warrant unless the Class A ordinary share issuable upon such warrant exercise has been registered,
 qualified or deemed to be exempt under the securities laws of the state of residence of the registered holder of the warrants. In the event that the conditions in the two immediately preceding sentences are not satisfied with respect to a warrant,
 the holder of such warrant will not be entitled to exercise such warrant and such warrant may have no value and expire worthless. In no event will we be required to net cash settle any warrant. In the event that a registration statement is not
 effective for the exercised warrants, the purchaser of a unit containing such warrant will have paid the full purchase price for the unit solely for the Class A ordinary share underlying such unit.

4 

We have agreed that as soon as practicable, but in no event later than 20 business days after the closing of our initial business combination, we will use our commercially reasonable efforts to file with the SEC a
 registration statement for the registration, under the Securities Act, of the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants, and we will use our commercially reasonable efforts to cause the same to become effective within 60
 business days after the closing of our initial business combination, and to maintain the effectiveness of such registration statement and a current prospectus relating to those Class A ordinary shares until the warrants expire or are redeemed, as
 specified in the warrant agreement; provided that, if our Class A ordinary shares are at the time of any exercise of a warrant not listed on a national securities exchange such that they satisfy the definition of a covered security under Section
 18(b)(1) of the Securities Act, we may, at our option, require holders of public warrants who exercise their warrants to do so on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act and, in the event we so elect, we will not
 be required to file or maintain in effect a registration statement, but we will use our commercially reasonably efforts to register or qualify the shares under applicable blue sky laws to the extent an exemption is not available. If a registration
 statement covering the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants is not effective by the 60th day after the closing of the initial business combination, warrant holders may, until such time as there is an effective registration
 statement and during any period when we will have failed to maintain an effective registration statement, exercise warrants on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act or another exemption, but we will use our
 commercially reasonably efforts to register or qualify the shares under applicable blue sky laws to the extent an exemption is not available. In such event, each holder would pay the exercise price by surrendering the warrants for that number of
 Class A ordinary shares equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number of Class A ordinary shares underlying the warrants, multiplied by the excess of the fair market value (defined below) less the exercise price of the
 warrants by (y) the fair market value. The fair market value as used in this paragraph shall mean the volume weighted average price of the Class A ordinary shares for the 10 trading days ending on the trading day prior to the date on which the
 notice of exercise is received by the warrant agent.

Redemption of warrants when the price per Class A ordinary share equals or exceeds 18.00. Once the warrants become exercisable, we may redeem the
 outstanding warrants (except as described herein with respect to the private placement warrants): 

in whole and not in part;

at a price of 0.01 per warrant;

upon a minimum of 30 days prior written notice of redemption to each warrant holder; and

if, and only if, the closing price of the Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds 18.00 per share (as adjusted for adjustments to the number of shares issuable upon exercise or the exercise price of a
 warrant as described under the heading Anti-Dilution Adjustments for any 20 trading days within a 30-trading day period ending three trading days before we send the notice of redemption to the warrant holders.

We will not redeem the warrants as described above unless a registration statement under the Securities Act covering the issuance of the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants is then
 effective and a current prospectus relating to those Class A ordinary shares is available throughout the 30-day redemption period. If and when the warrants become redeemable by us, we may exercise our redemption right even if we are unable to
 register or qualify the underlying securities for sale under all applicable state securities laws. Any such exercise would not be done on a cashless basis and would require the exercising warrant holder to pay the exercise price for each warrant
 being exercised.

We have established the last of the redemption criterion discussed above to prevent a redemption call unless there is at the time of the call a significant premium to the warrant exercise price. If the foregoing
 conditions are satisfied and we issue a notice of redemption of the warrants, each warrant holder will be entitled to exercise his, her or its warrant prior to the scheduled redemption date. However, the price of the Class A ordinary shares may
 fall below the 18.00 redemption trigger price (as adjusted for adjustments to the number of shares issuable upon exercise or the exercise price of a warrant as described under the heading Anti-dilution Adjustments as well as the 11.50 (for
 whole shares) warrant exercise price after the redemption notice is issued.

If we call the warrants for redemption as described above, our management will have the option to require any holder that wishes to exercise its warrant to do so on a cashless basis. In determining whether to
 require all holders to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis, our management will consider, among other factors, our cash position, the number of warrants that are outstanding and the dilutive effect on our shareholders of issuing the
 maximum number of Class A ordinary shares issuable upon the exercise of our warrants. If our management takes advantage of this option, all holders of warrants would pay the exercise price by surrendering their warrants for that number of Class A
 ordinary shares equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number of Class A ordinary shares underlying the warrants, multiplied by the difference between the exercise price of the warrants and the fair market value 
 (defined below) by (y) the fair market value. The fair market value shall mean the average volume weighted average last reported sale price of the Class A ordinary shares for the 10 trading days ending on the third trading day prior to the date
 on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders of warrants. If our management takes advantage of this option, the notice of redemption will contain the information necessary to calculate the number of Class A ordinary shares to be
 received upon exercise of the warrants, including the fair market value in such case. Requiring a cashless exercise in this manner will reduce the number of shares to be issued and thereby lessen the dilutive effect of a warrant redemption. We
 believe this feature is an attractive option to us if we do not need the cash from the exercise of the warrants after our initial business combination.

5 

No fractional Class A ordinary shares will be issued upon exercise. If, upon exercise, a holder would be entitled to receive a fractional interest in a share, we will round down to the nearest whole number of the
 number of Class A ordinary shares to be issued to the holder. If, at the time of redemption, the warrants are exercisable for a security other than the Class A ordinary shares pursuant to the warrant agreement (for instance, if we are not the
 surviving company in our initial business combination), the warrants may be exercised for such security. At such time as the warrants become exercisable for a security other than the Class A ordinary shares, the company (or the surviving company)
 will use its commercially reasonable efforts to register under the Securities Act the security issuable upon the exercise of the warrants.

Redemption procedures. A holder of a warrant may notify us in writing in the event it elects to be subject to a requirement that such holder will
 not have the right to exercise such warrant, to the extent that after giving effect to such exercise, such person (together with such person s affiliates), to the warrant agent s actual knowledge, would beneficially own in excess of 4.9 or 9.8 
 (or such other amount as a holder may specify) of the Class A ordinary shares issued and outstanding immediately after giving effect to such exercise. 

Anti-dilution Adjustments. If the number of outstanding Class A ordinary shares is increased by a capitalization or share dividend paid in Class A
 ordinary shares to all or substantially all holders of Class A ordinary shares, or by a split-up of Class A ordinary shares or other similar event, then, on the effective date of such capitalization or share dividend, split-up or similar event,
 the number of Class A ordinary shares issuable on exercise of each warrant will be increased in proportion to such increase in the outstanding Class A ordinary shares. A rights offering made to all or substantially all holders of ordinary shares
 entitling holders to purchase Class A ordinary shares at a price less than the historical fair market value (as defined below) will be deemed a share dividend of a number of Class A ordinary shares equal to the product of (i) the number of
 Class A ordinary shares actually sold in such rights offering (or issuable under any other equity securities sold in such rights offering that are convertible into or exercisable for Class A ordinary shares) and (ii) one, minus the quotient of
 (x) the price per Class A ordinary share paid in such rights offering and (y) the historical fair market value. For these purposes, (i) if the rights offering is for securities convertible into or exercisable for Class A ordinary shares, in
 determining the price payable for Class A ordinary shares, there will be taken into account any consideration received for such rights, as well as any additional amount payable upon exercise or conversion and (ii) historical fair market value 
 means the volume weighted average price of Class A ordinary shares as reported during the 10 trading day period ending on the trading day prior to the first date on which the Class A ordinary shares trade on the applicable exchange or in the
 applicable market, regular way, without the right to receive such rights. 

In addition, if we, at any time while the warrants are outstanding and unexpired, pay a dividend or make a distribution in cash, securities or other assets to all or substantially all of the holders of the Class A
 ordinary shares on account of such Class A ordinary shares (or other securities into which the warrants are convertible), other than (a) as described above, (b) any cash dividends or cash distributions which, when combined on a per share basis with
 all other cash dividends and cash distributions paid on the Class A ordinary shares during the 365-day period ending on the date of declaration of such dividend or distribution does not exceed 0.50 per share (as adjusted to appropriately reflect
 any other adjustments and excluding cash dividends or cash distributions that resulted in an adjustment to the exercise price or to the number of Class A ordinary shares issuable on exercise of each warrant) but only with respect to the amount of
 the aggregate cash dividends or cash distributions equal to or less than 0.50, (c) to satisfy the redemption rights of the holders of Class A ordinary shares in connection with a proposed initial business combination, (d) to satisfy the redemption
 rights of the holders of Class A ordinary shares in connection with a shareholder vote to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class
 A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within the Extension Period (or such later
 date as may be approved by our shareholders) or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares, or (e) in connection with the redemption of our public shares upon our failure to complete our
 initial business combination, then the warrant exercise price will be decreased, effective immediately after the effective date of such event, by the amount of cash and/or the fair market value of any securities or other assets paid on each Class A
 ordinary share in respect of such event.

If the number of outstanding Class A ordinary shares is decreased by a consolidation, combination, reverse share split or reclassification of Class A ordinary shares or other similar event, then, on the effective
 date of such consolidation, combination, reverse share split, reclassification or similar event, the number of Class A ordinary shares issuable on exercise of each warrant will be decreased in proportion to such decrease in outstanding Class A
 ordinary shares.

Whenever the number of Class A ordinary shares purchasable upon the exercise of the warrants is adjusted, as described above, the warrant exercise price will be adjusted by multiplying the warrant exercise price
 immediately prior to such adjustment by a fraction (x) the numerator of which will be the number of Class A ordinary shares purchasable upon the exercise of the warrants immediately prior to such adjustment and (y) the denominator of which will be
 the number of Class A ordinary shares so purchasable immediately thereafter.

6 

In addition, if (i) we issue additional Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection with the closing of our initial business combination at an issue price or
 effective issue price of less than 9.20 per ordinary share (with such issue price or effective issue price to be determined in good faith by our board of directors and, in the case of any such issuance to our sponsor or its affiliates, without
 taking into account any founder shares held by our sponsor or such affiliates, as applicable, prior to such issuance) (the Newly Issued Price ), (ii) the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent more than 60 of the total equity
 proceeds, and interest thereon, available for the funding of our initial business combination on the date of the consummation of our initial business combination (net of redemptions), and (iii) the volume weighted average trading price of our Class
 A ordinary shares during the 20 trading day period starting on the trading day prior to the day on which we consummate our initial business combination (such price, the Market Value is below 9.20 per share, the exercise price of the warrants
 will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 115 of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price, the 18.00 per share redemption trigger price described above under Redemption of warrants when the price per Class A
 ordinary share equals or exceeds 18.00 will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price.

In case of any reclassification or reorganization of the outstanding Class A ordinary shares (other than those described above or that solely affects the par value of such Class A ordinary shares), or in the case of
 any merger or consolidation of us with or into another corporation (other than a consolidation or merger in which we are the continuing corporation and that does not result in any reclassification or reorganization of our outstanding Class A
 ordinary shares), or in the case of any sale or conveyance to another corporation or entity of the assets or other property of us as an entirety or substantially as an entirety in connection with which we are dissolved, the holders of the warrants
 will thereafter have the right to purchase and receive, upon the basis and upon the terms and conditions specified in the warrants and in lieu of the Class A ordinary shares immediately theretofore purchasable and receivable upon the exercise of
 the rights represented thereby, the kind and amount of Class A ordinary shares or other securities or property (including cash) receivable upon such reclassification, reorganization, merger or consolidation, or upon a dissolution following any such
 sale or transfer, that the holder of the warrants would have received if such holder had exercised their warrants immediately prior to such event. However, if such holders were entitled to exercise a right of election as to the kind or amount of
 securities, cash or other assets receivable upon such consolidation or merger, then the kind and amount of securities, cash or other assets for which each warrant will become exercisable will be deemed to be the weighted average of the kind and
 amount received per share by such holders in such consolidation or merger that affirmatively make such election, and if a tender, exchange or redemption offer has been made to and accepted by such holders (other than a tender, exchange or
 redemption offer made by the company in connection with redemption rights held by shareholders of the company as provided for in the company s amended and restated memorandum and articles of association or as a result of the redemption of Class A
 ordinary shares by the company if a proposed initial business combination is presented to the shareholders of the company for approval) under circumstances in which, upon the completion of such tender or exchange offer, the maker thereof, together
 with members of any group (within the meaning of Rule 13d-5(b)(1) under the Exchange Act) of which such maker is a part, and together with any affiliate or associate of such maker (within the meaning of Rule 12b-2 under the Exchange Act) and any
 members of any such group of which any such affiliate or associate is a part, own beneficially (within the meaning of Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act) more than 50 of the issued and outstanding Class A ordinary shares, the holder of a warrant
 will be entitled to receive the highest amount of cash, securities or other property to which such holder would actually have been entitled as a shareholder if such warrant holder had exercised the warrant prior to the expiration of such tender or
 exchange offer, accepted such offer and all of the Class A ordinary shares held by such holder had been purchased pursuant to such tender or exchange offer, subject to adjustment (from and after the consummation of such tender or exchange offer) as
 nearly equivalent as possible to the adjustments provided for in the warrant agreement. If less than 70 of the consideration receivable by the holders of Class A ordinary shares in such a transaction is payable in the form of Class A ordinary
 shares in the successor entity that is listed for trading on a national securities exchange or is quoted in an established over-the-counter market, or is to be so listed for trading or quoted immediately following such event, and if the registered
 holder of the warrant properly exercises the warrant within thirty days following public disclosure of such transaction, the warrant exercise price will be reduced as specified in the warrant agreement based on the Black-Scholes value (as defined
 in the warrant agreement) of the warrant. The purpose of such exercise price reduction is to provide additional value to holders of the warrants when an extraordinary transaction occurs during the exercise period of the warrants pursuant to which
 the holders of the warrants otherwise do not receive the full potential value of the warrants.

The warrants will be issued in registered form under a warrant agreement between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as warrant agent, and us. The warrant agreement provides that the terms of the warrants
 may be amended without the consent of any holder for the purpose of (i) curing any ambiguity or correcting any mistake, including to conform the provisions of the warrant agreement to the description of the terms of the warrants and the warrant
 agreement set forth in our IPO prospectus filed with the SEC on October 13, 2021, or defective provision (ii) amending the provisions relating to cash dividends on ordinary shares as contemplated by and in accordance with the warrant agreement or
 (iii) adding or changing any provisions with respect to matters or questions arising under the warrant agreement as the parties to the warrant agreement may deem necessary or desirable and that the parties deem to not adversely affect the rights of
 the registered holders of the warrants, provided that the approval by the holders of at least 65 of the then-outstanding public warrants is required to make any change that adversely affects the interests of the registered holders. You should
 review a copy of the warrant agreement, which was filed as an exhibit to the registration statement on form S-1 filed with the SEC on October 8, 2021, for a complete description of the terms and conditions applicable to the warrants.

7 

The warrant holders do not have the rights or privileges of holders of ordinary shares and any voting rights until they exercise their warrants and receive Class A ordinary shares. After the issuance of Class A
 ordinary shares upon exercise of the warrants, each holder will be entitled to one vote for each share held of record on all matters to be voted on by shareholders.

No fractional warrants will be issued upon separation of the units and only whole warrants will trade. If, upon exercise of the warrants, a holder would be entitled to receive a fractional interest in a share, we
 will, upon exercise, round down to the nearest whole number the number of Class A ordinary shares to be issued to the warrant holder.

We have agreed that, subject to applicable law, any action, proceeding or claim against us arising out of or relating in any way to the warrant agreement will be brought and enforced in the courts of the State of New
 York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York, and we irrevocably submit to such jurisdiction, which jurisdiction will be the exclusive forum for any such action, proceeding or claim. See Risk Factors Our warrant
 agreement will designate the courts of the State of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York as the sole and exclusive forum for certain types of actions and proceedings that may be initiated by holders of
 our warrants, which could limit the ability of warrant holders to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with our company. This provision applies to claims under the Securities Act but does not apply to claims under the Exchange Act or any
 claim for which the federal district courts of the United States of America are the sole and exclusive forum.

Private Placement Warrants 

Except as described below, the private placement warrants have terms and provisions that are identical to those of the warrants that were sold as part of the units in our initial public offering. The private
 placement warrants (including the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the private placement warrants) will not be transferable, assignable or salable until 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination (except
 pursuant to limited exceptions as described under Principal Shareholders Transfers of Founder Shares and Private Placement Warrants and they will not be redeemable by us so long as they are held by our sponsor or its permitted transferees
 (except as otherwise set forth herein). Our sponsor, Cantor, CCM or their permitted transferees, has the option to exercise the private placement warrants on a cashless basis. If the private placement warrants are held by holders other than our
 sponsor, Cantor, CCM or their permitted transferees, the private placement warrants will be redeemable by us in all redemption scenarios and exercisable by the holders on the same basis as the warrants included in the units being sold in our
 initial public offering. Any amendment to the terms of the private placement warrants or any provision of the warrant agreement with respect to the private placement warrants will require a vote of holders of at least 65 of the number of the then
 outstanding private placement warrants.

In addition, for as long as the private placement warrants are held by Cantor or its designees or affiliates, they may not be exercised after five years from the effective date of our IPO prospectus filed with the
 SEC on October 13, 2021 and are subject to lock-up and resale registration restrictions imposed by FINRA Rule 5110.

If holders of the private placement warrants elect to exercise them on a cashless basis, they would pay the exercise price by surrendering his, her or its warrants for that number of Class A ordinary shares equal to
 the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number of Class A ordinary shares underlying the warrants, multiplied by the excess of the fair market value (defined below) over the exercise price of the warrants by (y) the fair market
 value. For these purposes, the fair market value shall mean the average reported closing price of the Class A ordinary shares for the 10 trading days ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which the notice of warrant exercise is
 sent to the warrant agent. The reason that we have agreed that these warrants will be exercisable on a cashless basis so long as they are held by our sponsor and its permitted transferees is because it is not known at this time whether they will be
 affiliated with us following a business combination. If they remain affiliated with us, their ability to sell our securities in the open market will be significantly limited. We expect to have policies in place that restrict insiders from selling
 our securities except during specific periods of time. Even during such periods of time when insiders will be permitted to sell our securities, an insider cannot trade in our securities if he or she is in possession of material non-public
 information. Accordingly, unlike public shareholders who could exercise their warrants and sell the Class A ordinary shares received upon such exercise freely in the open market in order to recoup the cost of such exercise, the insiders could be
 significantly restricted from selling such securities. As a result, we believe that allowing the holders to exercise such warrants on a cashless basis is appropriate.

In order to fund working capital deficiencies or finance transaction costs in connection with an intended initial business combination, our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor or certain of our officers and
 directors may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required. Up to 1,500,000 of such loans may be convertible into warrants of the post business combination entity at a price of 1.25 per warrant at the option of the lender. Such
 warrants would be identical to the private placement warrants.

8 

Dividends 

We have not paid any cash dividends on our ordinary shares to date and do not intend to pay cash dividends prior to the completion of our initial business combination. The payment of cash dividends in the future will
 be dependent upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital requirements and general financial condition subsequent to completion of our initial business combination. The payment of any cash dividends subsequent to our initial business combination
 will be within the discretion of our board of directors at such time. Further, if we incur any indebtedness in connection with a business combination, our ability to declare dividends may be limited by restrictive covenants we may agree to in
 connection therewith.

Our Transfer Agent and Warrant Agent 

The transfer agent for our ordinary shares and warrant agent for our warrants is Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company. We have agreed to indemnify Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company in its roles
 as transfer agent and warrant agent, its agents and each of its shareholders, directors, officers and employees against all claims and losses that may arise out of acts performed or omitted for its activities in that capacity, except for any claims
 and losses due to any gross negligence or intentional misconduct of the indemnified person or entity.

Certain Differences in Corporate Law 

Cayman Islands companies are governed by the Companies Act. The Companies Act is modeled on English law but does not follow recent English law statutory enactments, and differs from laws applicable to United States
 corporations and their shareholders. Set forth below is a summary of the material differences between the provisions of the Companies Act applicable to us and the laws applicable to companies incorporated in the United States and their
 shareholders.

Mergers and Similar Arrangements. In certain circumstances, the Companies Act allows for mergers or consolidations between two Cayman Islands
 companies, or between a Cayman Islands exempted company and a company incorporated in another jurisdiction provided that is facilitated by the laws of that other jurisdiction). 

Where the merger or consolidation is between two Cayman Islands companies, the directors of each company must approve a written plan of merger or consolidation containing certain prescribed information. That plan or
 merger or consolidation must then be authorized by either (a) a special resolution (usually a majority of 66 2/3 of the voting shares voted at a general meeting) of the shareholders of each company; or (b) such other authorization, if
 any, as may be specified in such constituent company s articles of association. No shareholder resolution is required for a merger between a parent company (i.e., a company that owns at least 90 of the issued shares of each class in a subsidiary
 company) and its subsidiary company. The consent of each holder of a fixed or floating security interest of a constituent company must be obtained, unless the court waives such requirement. If the Cayman Islands Registrar of Companies is satisfied
 that the requirements of the Companies Act (which includes certain other formalities) have been complied with, the Registrar of Companies will register the plan of merger or consolidation.

Where the merger or consolidation involves a foreign company, the procedure is similar, save that with respect to the foreign company, the directors of the Cayman Islands exempted company are required to make a
 declaration to the effect that, having made due enquiry, they are of the opinion that the requirements set out below have been met: (i) that the merger or consolidation is permitted or not prohibited by the constitutional documents of the foreign
 company and by the laws of the jurisdiction in which the foreign company is incorporated, and that those laws and any requirements of those constitutional documents have been or will be complied with; (ii) that no petition or other similar
 proceeding has been filed and remains outstanding or order made or resolution adopted to wind up or liquidate the foreign company in any jurisdictions; (iii) that no receiver, trustee, administrator or other similar person has been appointed in any
 jurisdiction and is acting in respect of the foreign company, its affairs or its property or any part thereof; and (iv) that no scheme, order, compromise or other similar arrangement has been entered into or made in any jurisdiction whereby the
 rights of creditors of the foreign company are and continue to be suspended or restricted.

Where the surviving company is the Cayman Islands exempted company, the directors of the Cayman Islands exempted company are further required to make a declaration to the effect that, having made due enquiry, they
 are of the opinion that the requirements set out below have been met: (i) that the foreign company is able to pay its debts as they fall due and that the merger or consolidated is bona fide and not intended to defraud unsecured creditors of the
 foreign company; (ii) that in respect of the transfer of any security interest granted by the foreign company to the surviving or consolidated company (a) consent or approval to the transfer has been obtained, released or waived; (b) the transfer
 is permitted by and has been approved in accordance with the constitutional documents of the foreign company; and (c) the laws of the jurisdiction of the foreign company with respect to the transfer have been or will be complied with; (iii) that
 the foreign company will, upon the merger or consolidation becoming effective, cease to be incorporated, registered or exist under the laws of the relevant foreign jurisdiction; and (iv) that there is no other reason why it would be against the
 public interest to permit the merger or consolidation.

9 

Where the above procedures are adopted, the Companies Act provides for a right of dissenting shareholders to be paid a payment of the fair value of their shares upon their dissenting to the merger or consolidation if they follow a prescribed
 procedure. In essence, that procedure is as follows: (a) the shareholder must give his written objection to the merger or consolidation to the constituent company before the vote on the merger or consolidation, including a statement that the
 shareholder proposes to demand payment for his shares if the merger or consolidation is authorized by the vote; (b) within 20 days following the date on which the merger or consolidation is approved by the shareholders, the constituent company must
 give written notice to each shareholder who made a written objection; (c) a shareholder must within 20 days following receipt of such notice from the constituent company, give the constituent company a written notice of his intention to dissent
 including, among other details, a demand for payment of the fair value of his shares; (d) within seven days following the date of the expiration of the period set out in paragraph (b) above or seven days following the date on which the plan of
 merger or consolidation is filed, whichever is later, the constituent company, the surviving company or the consolidated company must make a written offer to each dissenting shareholder to purchase his shares at a price that the company determines
 is the fair value and if the company and the shareholder agree the price within 30 days following the date on which the offer was made, the company must pay the shareholder such amount; and (e) if the company and the shareholder fail to agree a
 price within such 30 day period, within 20 days following the date on which such 30 day period expires, the company (and any dissenting shareholder) must file a petition with the Cayman Islands Grand Court to determine the fair value and such
 petition must be accompanied by a list of the names and addresses of the dissenting shareholders with whom agreements as to the fair value of their shares have not been reached by the company. At the hearing of that petition, the court has the
 power to determine the fair value of the shares together with a fair rate of interest, if any, to be paid by the company upon the amount determined to be the fair value. Any dissenting shareholder whose name appears on the list filed by the company
 may participate fully in all proceedings until the determination of fair value is reached. These rights of a dissenting shareholder are not available in certain circumstances, for example, to dissenters holding shares of any class in respect of
 which an open market exists on a recognized stock exchange or recognized interdealer quotation system at the relevant date or where the consideration for such shares to be contributed are shares of any company listed on a national securities
 exchange or shares of the surviving or consolidated company. 

Moreover, Cayman Islands law has separate statutory provisions that facilitate the reconstruction or amalgamation of companies in certain circumstances, schemes of arrangement will generally be more suited for
 complex mergers or other transactions involving widely held companies, commonly referred to in the Cayman Islands as a scheme of arrangement which may be tantamount to a merger. In the event that a merger was sought pursuant to a scheme of
 arrangement (the procedures for which are more rigorous and take longer to complete than the procedures typically required to consummate a merger in the United States), the arrangement in question must be approved by a majority in number of each
 class of shareholders and creditors with whom the arrangement is to be made and who must in addition represent three-fourths in value of each such class of shareholders or creditors, as the case may be, that are present and voting either in person
 or by proxy at a general meeting, or meeting summoned for that purpose. The convening of the meetings and subsequently the terms of the arrangement must be sanctioned by the Grand Court of the Cayman Islands. While a dissenting shareholder would
 have the right to express to the court the view that the transaction should not be approved, the court can be expected to approve the arrangement if it satisfies itself that:

the company is not proposing to act illegally or beyond the scope of our corporate authority and the statutory provisions as to majority vote have been complied with;

the shareholders have been fairly represented at the meeting in question;

the arrangement is such as a businessman would reasonably approve; and

the arrangement is not one that would more properly be sanctioned under some other provision of the Companies Act or that would amount to a fraud on the minority. 

If a scheme of arrangement or takeover offer (as described below) is approved, any dissenting shareholder would have no rights comparable to appraisal rights (providing rights to receive payment in cash for the
 judicially determined value of the shares), which would otherwise ordinarily be available to dissenting shareholders of United States corporations.

Squeeze-out Provisions. When a takeover offer is made and accepted by holders of 90 of the shares to whom the offer relates within four months, the
 offeror may, within a two-month period, require the holders of the remaining shares to transfer such shares on the terms of the offer. An objection can be made to the Grand Court of the Cayman Islands, but this is unlikely to succeed unless there
 is evidence of fraud, bad faith, collusion or inequitable treatment of the shareholders. 

10 

Further, transactions similar to a merger, reconstruction and/or an amalgamation may in some circumstances be achieved through means other than these statutory provisions, such as a share capital exchange, asset
 acquisition or control, or through contractual arrangements of an operating business.

Shareholders Suits. Mourant Ozannes (Cayman) LLP, our Cayman Islands legal counsel, is not aware of any reported class action having been brought
 in a Cayman Islands court. Derivative actions have been brought in the Cayman Islands courts, and the Cayman Islands courts have confirmed the availability for such actions. In most cases, we will be the proper plaintiff in any claim based on a
 breach of duty owed to us, and a claim against (for example) our officers or directors usually may not be brought by a shareholder. However, based both on Cayman Islands authorities and on English authorities, which would in all likelihood be of
 persuasive authority and be applied by a court in the Cayman Islands, exceptions to the foregoing principle apply in circumstances in which: 

a company is acting, or proposing to act, illegally or beyond the scope of its authority;

the act complained of, although not beyond the scope of the authority, could be effected if duly authorized by more than the number of votes which have actually been obtained; or

those who control the company are perpetrating a fraud on the minority. 

A shareholder may have a direct right of action against us where the individual rights of that shareholder have been infringed or are about to be infringed.

Enforcement of Civil Liabilities. The Cayman Islands has a different body of securities laws as compared to the United States and provides less
 protection to investors. Additionally, Cayman Islands companies may not have standing to sue before a federal courts of the United States. 

We have been advised by Mourant Ozannes (Cayman) LLP, our Cayman Islands legal counsel that the courts of the Cayman Islands are unlikely (i) to recognize or enforce against us judgments of courts of the United
 States predicated upon the civil liability provisions of the federal securities laws of the United States or any state; and (ii) in original actions brought in the Cayman Islands, to impose liabilities against us predicated upon the civil liability
 provisions of the federal securities laws of the United States or any state, so far as the liabilities imposed by those provisions are penal in nature. In those circumstances, although there is no statutory enforcement in the Cayman Islands of
 judgments obtained in the United States, the courts of the Cayman Islands will recognize and enforce a foreign money judgment of a foreign court of competent jurisdiction without retrial on the merits based on the principle that a judgment of a
 competent foreign court imposes upon the judgment debtor an obligation to pay the sum for which judgment has been given provided certain conditions are met. For a foreign judgment to be enforced in the Cayman Islands, such judgment must be final
 and conclusive and for a liquidated sum, and must not be in respect of taxes or a fine or penalty, inconsistent with a Cayman Islands judgment in respect of the same matter, impeachable on the grounds of fraud or obtained in a manner, and or be of
 a kind the enforcement of which is, contrary to natural justice or the public policy of the Cayman Islands (awards of punitive or multiple damages may well be held to be contrary to public policy). A Cayman Islands court may stay enforcement
 proceedings if concurrent proceedings are being brought elsewhere.

Special Considerations for Exempted Companies. We are an exempted company with limited liability under the Companies Act. The Companies Act
 distinguishes between ordinary resident companies and exempted companies. Any company that is registered in the Cayman Islands but conducts business mainly outside of the Cayman Islands may apply to be registered as an exempted company. The
 requirements for an exempted company are essentially the same as for an ordinary company except for the exemptions and privileges listed below: 

an exempted company does not have to file an annual return of its shareholders with the Registrar of Companies;

an exempted company s register of members is not open to inspection;

an exempted company does not have to hold an annual general meeting;

an exempted company may issue shares with no par value;

an exempted company may obtain an undertaking against the imposition of any future taxation (such undertakings are usually given for 20 years in the first instance);

an exempted company may register by way of continuation in another jurisdiction and be deregistered in the Cayman Islands;

an exempted company may register as a limited duration company; and

an exempted company may register as a segregated portfolio company.

11 

Limited liability means that the liability of each shareholder is limited to the amount unpaid by the shareholder on the shares of the company (except in exceptional circumstances, such as involving fraud, the establishment of an agency
 relationship or an illegal or improper purpose or other circumstances in which a court may be prepared to pierce or lift the corporate veil). 

Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association 

Our Articles contain provisions designed to provide certain rights and protections relating to our initial public offering that apply to us until the completion of our initial business combination. These provisions
 cannot be amended without a special resolution under Cayman Islands law. As a matter of Cayman Islands law, a resolution is deemed to be a special resolution where it has been approved by either (i) the affirmative vote of at least two-thirds (or
 any higher threshold specified in a company s articles of association) of a company s shareholders entitled to vote and so voting at a general meeting for which notice specifying the intention to propose the resolution as a special resolution has
 been given; or (ii) if so authorized by a company s articles of association, by a unanimous written resolution of all of the company s shareholders. Other than as described above, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association
 provide that special resolutions must be approved either by at least two-thirds of our shareholders who attend and vote at a general meeting of the company (i.e., the lowest threshold permissible under Cayman Islands law), or by a unanimous written
 resolution of all of our shareholders.

Our sponsor and its permitted transferees, if any, who collectively beneficially own 25.9 of our ordinary shares, will participate in any vote to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association
 and will have the discretion to vote in any manner they choose. Specifically, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide, among other things, that:

If we have not consummated an initial business combination within the Extension Period (or such later date as may be approved by our shareholders), we will (i) cease all
 operations except for the purpose of winding up; (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but no more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on
 deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our income taxes, if any (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses) divided by the
 number of the then-outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any); and (iii) as promptly as
 reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining shareholders and our board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in each case to our obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for
 claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law;

Prior to or in connection with our initial business combination, we may not issue additional securities that would entitle the holders thereof to (i) receive funds from the trust
 account or (ii) vote as a class with our public shares (a) on our initial business combination or on any other proposal presented to shareholders prior to or in connection with the completion of an initial business combination or (b) to
 approve an amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association to (x) extend the time we have to consummate a business combination beyond the Extension Period or (y) amend the foregoing provisions;

Although we do not intend to enter into a business combination with a target business that is affiliated with our sponsor, officers or directors, we are not prohibited from doing
 so. In the event we enter into such a transaction, we, or a committee of independent directors, will obtain an opinion from independent investment banking firm or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions that
 such a business combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view;

If a shareholder vote on our initial business combination is not required by applicable law or stock exchange listing requirements and we do not decide to hold a shareholder vote
 for business or other reasons, we will offer to redeem our public shares pursuant to Rule 13e-4 and Regulation 14E of the Exchange Act, and will file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing our initial business combination
 which contain substantially the same financial and other information about our initial business combination and the redemption rights as is required under Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act;

So long as our securities are then listed on the Nasdaq, our initial business combination must occur with one or more target businesses that together have an aggregate fair
 market value of at least 80 of the assets held in the trust account (excluding the amount of deferred underwriting discounts held in trust and taxes payable on the income earned on the trust account) at the time of the agreement to enter
 into the initial business combination;

12 

If our shareholders approve an amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) that would modify the substance or timing of our obligation to
 provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination
 within the Extension Period (or such later date as may be approved by our shareholders) or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares, we will provide our public shareholders
 with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their ordinary shares upon such approval at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds
 held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our income taxes, if any, divided by the number of the then-outstanding public shares, subject to the limitations described herein; and

We will not effectuate our initial business combination solely with another blank check company or a similar company with nominal operations.

In addition, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that under no circumstances in connection with approval of our initial business combination will we redeem our public shares in an
 amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001.

The Companies Act permits a company incorporated in the Cayman Islands to amend its memorandum and articles of association with the approval of a special resolution, which requires the approval of the holders of at
 least two-thirds of such company s issued and outstanding ordinary shares who attend and vote at a general meeting or by way of unanimous written resolution. A company s articles of association may specify that the approval of a higher majority is
 required but, provided the approval of the required majority is obtained, any Cayman Islands exempted company may amend its memorandum and articles of association regardless of whether its memorandum and articles of association provide otherwise.
 Accordingly, although we could amend any of the provisions relating to our proposed offering, structure and business plan which are contained in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, we view all of these provisions as
 binding obligations to our shareholders and neither we, nor our officers or directors, will take any action to amend or waive any of these provisions unless we provide dissenting public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their public
 shares.

Anti-Money Laundering Cayman Islands 

If any person in the Cayman Islands knows or suspects, or has reasonable grounds for knowing or suspecting, that another person is engaged in criminal conduct or money laundering or is involved with terrorism or
 terrorist financing and property and the information for that knowledge or suspicion came to their attention in the course of business in the regulated sector or other trade, profession, business or employment, the person will be required to report
 such knowledge or suspicion to (i) the Financial Reporting Authority of the Cayman Islands, pursuant to the Proceeds of Crime Act (2020 Revision) of the Cayman Islands if the disclosure relates to criminal conduct or money laundering or (ii) a
 police officer of the rank of constable or higher, or the Financial Reporting Authority, pursuant to the Terrorism Act (2018 Revision) of the Cayman Islands, if the disclosure relates to involvement with terrorism or terrorist financing and
 property. Such a report shall not be treated as a breach of confidence or of any restriction upon the disclosure of information imposed by any enactment or otherwise.

Data Protection Cayman Islands 

We have certain duties under the Data Protection Act (2021 Revision) of the Cayman Islands (the DPA based on internationally accepted principles of data privacy.

Privacy Notice 

Introduction 

This privacy notice puts our shareholders on notice that through your investment in the company you will provide us with certain personal information which constitutes personal data within the meaning of the DPA
 personal data ). In the following discussion, the company refers to us and our affiliates and/or delegates, except where the context requires otherwise.

13 

Investor Data 

We will collect, use, disclose, retain and secure personal data to the extent reasonably required only and within the parameters that could be reasonably expected during the normal course of business. We will only
 process, disclose, transfer or retain personal data to the extent legitimately required to conduct our activities of on an ongoing basis or to comply with legal and regulatory obligations to which we are subject. We will only transfer personal data
 in accordance with the requirements of the DPA, and will apply appropriate technical and organizational information security measures designed to protect against unauthorized or unlawful processing of the personal data and against the accidental
 loss, destruction or damage to the personal data.

In our use of this personal data, we will be characterized as a data controller for the purposes of the DPA, while our affiliates and service providers who may receive this personal data from us in the conduct of
 our activities may either act as our data processors for the purposes of the DPA or may process personal information for their own lawful purposes in connection with services provided to us.

We may also obtain personal data from other public sources. Personal data includes, without limitation, the following information relating to a shareholder and/or any individuals connected with a shareholder as an
 investor: name, residential address, email address, contact details, corporate contact information, signature, nationality, place of birth, date of birth, tax identification, credit history, correspondence records, passport number, bank account
 details, source of funds details and details relating to the shareholder s investment activity.

Who this Affects 

If you are a natural person, this will affect you directly. If you are a corporate investor (including, for these purposes, legal arrangements such as trusts or exempted limited partnerships) that provides us with
 personal data on individuals connected to you for any reason in relation your investment in the company, this will be relevant for those individuals and you should transmit the content of this Privacy Notice to such individuals or otherwise advise
 them of its content.

How the Company May Use a Shareholder s Personal Data 

The company, as the data controller, may collect, store and use personal data for lawful purposes, including, in particular:

a) 
 
 where this is necessary for the performance of our rights and obligations under any purchase agreements;

b) 
 
 where this is necessary for compliance with a legal and regulatory obligation to which we are subject (such as compliance with anti-money laundering and FATCA/CRS requirements);
 and/or

c) 
 
 where this is necessary for the purposes of our legitimate interests and such interests are not overridden by your interests, fundamental rights or freedoms.

Should we wish to use personal data for other specific purposes (including, if applicable, any purpose that requires your consent), we will contact you.

Why We May Transfer Your Personal Data 

In certain circumstances we may be legally obliged to share personal data and other information with respect to your shareholding with the relevant regulatory authorities such as the Cayman Islands Monetary Authority
 or the Tax Information Authority. They, in turn, may exchange this information with foreign authorities, including tax authorities.

We anticipates disclosing personal data to persons who provide services to us and their respective affiliates (which may include certain entities located outside the United States, the Cayman Islands or the European
 Economic Area), who will process your personal data on our behalf.

The Data Protection Measures We Take 

Any transfer of personal data by us or our duly authorized affiliates and/or delegates outside of the Cayman Islands shall be in accordance with the requirements of the DPA.

We and our duly authorized affiliates and/or delegates shall apply appropriate technical and organizational information security measures designed to protect against unauthorized or unlawful processing of personal
 data, and against accidental loss or destruction of, or damage to, personal data.

We shall notify you of any personal data breach that is reasonably likely to result in a risk to your interests, fundamental rights or freedoms or those data subjects to whom the relevant personal data relates.

14 

Certain Anti-takeover Provisions of our Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association 

Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that our board of directors will be classified into three classes of directors. As a result, in most circumstances, a person can gain control of
 our board only by successfully engaging in a proxy contest at two or more annual general meetings.

Our authorized but unissued Class A ordinary shares and preference shares will be available for future issuances without shareholder approval and could be utilized for a variety of corporate purposes, including
 future offerings to raise additional capital, acquisitions and employee benefit plans. The existence of authorized but unissued and unreserved Class A ordinary shares and preference shares could render more difficult or discourage an attempt to
 obtain control of us by means of a proxy contest, tender offer, merger or otherwise.

Securities Eligible for Future Sale 

As of January 31, 2023, we had 4,256,984 Class A ordinary shares issued and outstanding on an as-converted basis. Of these shares, the 256,984 Class A ordinary shares sold in our initial public offering are freely
 tradable without restriction or further registration under the Securities Act, except for any Class A ordinary shares purchased by one of our affiliates within the meaning of Rule 144 under the Securities Act. All of the 5,031,250 outstanding
 founder shares and all of the 6,100,000 outstanding private placement warrants are restricted securities under Rule 144, in that they were issued in private transactions not involving a public offering.

Rule 144 

Pursuant to Rule 144, a person who has beneficially owned restricted shares or warrants for at least six months would be entitled to sell their securities provided that (i)
 such person is not deemed to have been one of our affiliates at the time of, or at any time during the three months preceding, a sale and (ii) we are subject to the Exchange Act periodic reporting requirements for at least three months before the
 sale and have filed all required reports under Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act during the twelve months (or such shorter period as we were required to file reports) preceding the sale.

Persons who have beneficially owned restricted shares or warrants for at least six months but who are our affiliates at the time of, or at any time during the three months preceding, a sale, would be subject to
 additional restrictions, by which such person would be entitled to sell within any three-month period only a number of securities that does not exceed the greater of:

1 of the total number of Class A ordinary shares then-outstanding, which equals 42,570 shares as of January 31, 2023; or

the average weekly reported trading volume of the Class A ordinary shares during the four calendar weeks preceding the filing of a notice on Form 144 with respect to the sale.

Sales by our affiliates under Rule 144 are also limited by manner of sale provisions and notice requirements and to the availability of current
 public information about us.

Restrictions on the Use of Rule 144 by Shell Companies or Former Shell Companies

Rule 144 is not available for the resale of securities initially issued by shell companies (other than business combination related shell
 companies) or issuers that have been at any time previously a shell company. However, Rule 144 also includes an important exception to this prohibition if the following conditions are met:

the issuer of the securities that was formerly a shell company has ceased to be a shell company;

the issuer of the securities is subject to the reporting requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act;

the issuer of the securities has filed all Exchange Act reports and material required to be filed, as applicable, during the preceding twelve months (or such shorter period that
 the issuer was required to file such reports and materials), other than Form 8-K reports; and

at least one year has elapsed from the time that the issuer filed current Form 10 type information with the SEC reflecting its status as an entity that is not a shell company.

As a result, our sponsor will be able to sell its founder shares and private placement warrants, as applicable, pursuant to Rule 144 without registration one year after we have completed our initial business
 combination.

15 

Registration Rights 

The holders of the founder shares, private placement warrants and any warrants that may be issued upon conversion of working capital loans (and any Class A ordinary shares issuable upon the exercise of the private
 placement warrants and warrants that may be issued upon conversion of working capital loans) will be entitled to registration rights pursuant to a registration rights agreement to be signed prior to or on the effective date of our initial public
 offering. The holders of these securities are entitled to make up to three demands, excluding short form demands, that we register such securities. In addition, the holders have certain piggy-back registration rights with respect to registration
 statements filed subsequent to our completion of our initial business combination. However, the registration rights agreement provides that we will not permit any registration statement filed under the Securities Act to become effective until
 termination of the applicable lockup period, which occurs (i) in the case of the founder shares, as described in the following paragraph, and (ii) in the case of the private placement warrants and the respective Class A ordinary shares underlying
 such warrants, 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination. We will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statements.

Except as described herein, our sponsor, officers and directors have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell their founder shares until the earliest of (A) one year after the completion of our initial business
 combination and (B) subsequent to our initial business combination, (x) if the closing price of our Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds 12.00 per share (as adjusted for share subdivisions, share capitalizations, reorganizations,
 recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after our initial business combination, or (y) the date on which we complete a liquidation, merger, share exchange or other
 similar transaction that results in all of our public shareholders having the right to exchange their ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property. Any permitted transferees will be subject to the same restrictions and other agreements of
 our sponsor with respect to any founder shares. We refer to such transfer restrictions throughout this Annual Report as the lock-up.

Listing of Securities 

Our securities are listed on the Nasdaq. The units are listed under the symbol ROSEU and the Class A ordinary shares and warrants are listed under the symbols ROSE and ROSEW respectively.

16 

</EX-4.2>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 brhc10050517_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 31.1

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO

 RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934,

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

I, Felipe Canales, certify that:

1. 
 
 I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 of Rose Hill Acquisition Corporation;

2. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not
 misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;

3. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and
 for, the periods presented in this report;

4. 

The registrant s other certifying officers and I are
 responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal
 control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a. 
 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated
 subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;

b. 
 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and
 the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;

c. 
 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by
 this report based on such evaluation; and

d. 

Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the
 registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is
 reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and

5. 
 
 The registrant s other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of
 directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):

a. 
 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and
 report financial information; and

b. 
 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.

Date: March 31, 2023

By: 

/s/ Felipe Canales

Felipe Canales

Co-Chief Executive Officer

(Principal Executive Officer)

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 brhc10050517_ex31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 31.2

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO

 RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934,

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

I, Marco Simental, certify that:

1. 
 
 I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 of Rose Hill Acquisition Corporation;

2. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not
 misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;

3. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and
 for, the periods presented in this report;

4. 

The registrant s other certifying officers and I are
 responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal
 control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a. 
 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated
 subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;

b. 
 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and
 the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;

c. 
 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by
 this report based on such evaluation; and

d. 

Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the
 registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is
 reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and

5. 
 
 The registrant s other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of
 directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):

a. 
 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and
 report financial information; and

b. 
 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 31, 2023

By: 

/s/ Marco Simental

Marco Simental

Co-Chief Executive Officer

(Principal Executive Officer)

</EX-31.2>

<EX-31.3>
 5
 brhc10050517_ex31-3.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.3

Exhibit 31.3

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO

 RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934,

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

I, Albert Hill IV, certify that:

1. 
 
 I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 of Rose Hill Acquisition Corporation;

2. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not
 misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;

3. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and
 for, the periods presented in this report;

4. 

The registrant s other certifying officers and I are
 responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal
 control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a. 
 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated
 subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;

b. 
 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and
 the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;

c. 
 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by
 this report based on such evaluation; and

d. 

Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the
 registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is
 reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and

5. 
 
 The registrant s other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of
 directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):

a. 
 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and
 report financial information; and

b. 
 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.

Date: March 31, 2023

By: 

/s/ Albert Hill IV

Albert Hill IV

Co-Chief Financial Officer

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)

</EX-31.3>

<EX-31.4>
 6
 brhc10050517_ex31-4.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.4

Exhibit 31.4

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO

 RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934,

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

I, Juan Jose Rosas, certify that:

1. 
 
 I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 of Rose Hill Acquisition Corporation;

2. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not
 misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;

3. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and
 for, the periods presented in this report;

4. 

The registrant s other certifying officers and I are
 responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal
 control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a. 
 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated
 subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;

b. 
 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and
 the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;

c. 
 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by
 this report based on such evaluation; and

d. 

Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the
 registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is
 reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and

5. 
 
 The registrant s other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of
 directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):

a. 
 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and
 report financial information; and

b. 
 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.

Date: March 31, 2023

By: 

/s/ Juan Jose Rosas

Juan Jose Rosas

Co-Chief Financial Officer

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)

</EX-31.4>

<EX-32.1>
 7
 brhc10050517_ex32-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 32.1

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

In connection with the Annual Report of Rose Hill Acquisition Corporation (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the
 Report ), I certify, in the capacity and on the date indicated below, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that:

(1) 
 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and

(2) 
 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.

Date: March 31, 2023

By:

/s/ Felipe Canales

Felipe Canales

Co-Chief Executive Officer

 (Principal Executive Officer)

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 8
 brhc10050517_ex32-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

Exhibit 32.2

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

In connection with the Annual Report of Rose Hill Acquisition Corporation (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the
 Report ), I certify, in the capacity and on the date indicated below, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that:

(1) 
 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and

(2) 

The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the
 Company.

Date: March 31, 2023

By:

/s/ Marco Simental

Marco Simental

Co-Chief Executive Officer

 (Principal Executive Officer)

</EX-32.2>

<EX-32.3>
 9
 brhc10050517_ex32-3.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.3

Exhibit 32.3

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

In connection with the Annual Report of Rose Hill Acquisition Corporation (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the
 Report ), I certify, in the capacity and on the date indicated below, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that:

(1) 
 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and

(2) 

The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the
 Company.

Date: March 31, 2023

By:

/s/ Albert Hill IV

Albert Hill IV

Co-Chief Financial Officer

 (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)

</EX-32.3>

<EX-32.4>
 10
 brhc10050517_ex32-4.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.4

Exhibit 32.4

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

In connection with the Annual Report of Rose Hill Acquisition Corporation (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the
 Report ), I certify, in the capacity and on the date indicated below, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that:

(1) 
 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and

(2) 

The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the
 Company.

Date: March 31, 2023

By:

/s/ Juan Jose Rosas

Juan Jose Rosas

Co-Chief Financial Officer

 (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)

</EX-32.4>

<EX-101.SCH>
 11
 roseu-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 12
 roseu-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 13
 roseu-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 14
 roseu-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 15
 roseu-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

