<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230203_10-K_edgar_data_1593773_0001477932-23-000738.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>1589180</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>70553</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>341757</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>434139</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>293135</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>416145</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>7</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001477932-23-000738.hdr.sgml : 20230203
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230203130927
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001477932-23-000738
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		34
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221130
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230203
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230203

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			KANGE CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001593773
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-COMPUTER PROGRAMMING SERVICES [7371]
		IRS NUMBER:				331230169
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1130

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	333-194055
		FILM NUMBER:		23584997

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		11724 VENTURA BLVD.
		STREET 2:		SUITE B
		CITY:			STUDIO CITY
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			91604
		BUSINESS PHONE:		818-853-7033

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		11724 VENTURA BLVD.
		STREET 2:		SUITE B
		CITY:			STUDIO CITY
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			91604

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001477932-23-000738.txt : 20230203

10-K
 1
 kgnr_10k.htm
 FORM 10-K

kgnr_10k.htm 
 U.S. SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM Mark One ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the fiscal year ended: TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the transition period from _________ to _________ Commission File No. (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) , , ) (Address and telephone number of principal executive offices) Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered Not applicable. Securities registered under Section 12(g) of the Act: (Title of class) Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to submit and post such files). No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. On May 31, 2022, the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, the aggregate market value of the registrant s common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant was approximately , based upon the closing price on that date of the common stock of the registrant on the OTC Link alternative quotation system of 0.25. For purposes of this response, the registrant has assumed that its directors, executive officers and beneficial owners of 5 or more of its common stock are deemed to be affiliates of the registrant. The number of the registrant s shares of common stock outstanding was as of February 3, 2023. TABLE OF CONTENTS Page PART I. Item 1. Business 4 Item 1A. Risk Factors Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 5 Item 2. Properties 5 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 5 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 5 PART II. Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 6 Item 6. [Reserved] 8 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operation 8 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 11 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 12 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 13 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 13 Item 9B. Other Information 15 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 15 PART III. Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 16 Item 11. Executive Compensation 19 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 19 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 20 Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 20 PART IV. Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 21 Item 16. Form 10 K Summary 21 22 Signatures 2 Table of Contents FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Rule 175 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Rule 3b-6 of the Securities Act of 1934, as amended, that involve substantial risks and uncertainties. These forward-looking statements are not historical facts, but rather are based on current expectations, estimates and projections about our industry, our beliefs and our assumptions. Words such as anticipate, expects, intends, plans, believes, seeks and estimates and variations of these words and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to risks, uncertainties and other factors, some of which are beyond our control and difficult to predict and could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or forecasted in the forward-looking statements. You should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which apply only as of the date of this Form 10-K. Investors should carefully consider all of such risks before making an investment decision with respect to the Company s stock. The following discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with our financial statements for Kange Corp. Such discussion represents only the best present assessment from our Management. PART I Item 1: Description of Business General Overview Kange Corp., a Nevada corporation (the Company, Kange, we, and us ), is an early-stage company that was incorporated in Nevada on August 16, 2013. The Company historically focused on developing and marketing software product as mobile applications for end users of iPhone and iPad from Apple, Inc., and mobile phones using the Android platform. Since 2017, the Company has been focusing on the intersection of technology and wholistic technology-based health treatments, with the intention to provide services to formulate a treatment model to meet the needs of professional athletes that suffer from PTSD and the early onset of dementia and Alzheimer s. The Company is currently evaluating operations in the wholistic health industry. On November 9, 2015, AMJ Global, LLC AMJ Global ), a company beneficially owned by Dr. Arthur Malone, Jr., the Company s chief executive officer and director, assigned the rights of AMJ Global pursuant to its agreements with Blabeey, Inc. Blabeey ), a mobile App designer. The irrevocable assignment, transferred and conveyed in its entirety to the Company in a common control transaction, all of AMJ Global s rights and obligations that are stipulated and set forth in every and all agreements between AMJ Global and Blabeey, including, but not limited to, the agreement between AMJ Global and Blabeey dated October 26, 2015. Blabeey s web site is www.blabeey.com, which is not incorporated in this filing. The Company issued 5,000,000 shares of common stock to AMJ Global for the assignment. The Company valued those shares at 471,672, the historical asset costs of Blabeey. Since the Company s transaction with AMJ Global was between entities under common control, the amount of the historical cost of the assets, 471,672, was recorded as an expense in 2015 as there was no fixed and determinable future value, and the expense was recorded as a loss on the acquisition of contractual rights. Subsequently, the Company began working with Blabeey on developing technology for social media regarding Autism, PTSD and other neurological issues, and the Company is still consulting with Blabeey regarding software development opportunities in connection with the wholistic health industry. In May of 2017, the Company retained Bruce Weitzberg to serve on the Company s Board of Advisors and advise the Company regarding the intersection of technology and wholistic health care treatment and healthy living. Mr. Weitzberg is the CEO of Patient Access Solutions Inc., a Nevada corporation with ticker symbol PASO PASO ). PASO is a provider of healthcare and financial processing solutions for the healthcare and dental industries, and it has also opened a new center for the treatment of individuals with autism spectrum disorder and other biomedical conditions. 3 Table of Contents Subsequently, the Company retained James Lantiegne, a professional magician and former COO and CFO of a national software company, to serve on the Company s Board of Advisors and provide the Company advice on the intersection of technology and health. In October of 2017, the Company retained Benny Malone, former NFL running back for the Miami Dolphins and Washington Redskins, and Eric Metcalf, former NFL running back, wide receiver and three-time Pro-Bowl selection, to serve on the Company s Board of Advisors and advise the Company regarding sports health issues and treatments. The Company reports its business under the following SIC Code: SIC Code Description 5415 Computer Systems Design and Related Services Our corporate headquarters are located at 11724 Ventura Blvd., Suite B, Studio City, California, 91604. Reports to Security Holders We intend to furnish our shareholders annual reports containing financial statements audited by our independent registered public accounting firm and to make available quarterly reports containing unaudited financial statements for each of the first three quarters of each year. We file Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Annual Reports on Form 10-K and Current Reports on Form 8-K with the Securities and Exchange Commission in order to meet our timely and continuous disclosure requirements. We may also file additional documents with the Commission if they become necessary in the course of our company s operations. The public may read and copy any materials that we file with the SEC at the SEC s Public Reference Room at 100 F Street, NE, Washington, D.C. 20549. The public may obtain information on the operation of the Public Reference Room by calling the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330. The SEC maintains an Internet site that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC. The address of that site is www.sec.gov. Government Regulations We believe that we are and will continue to be in compliance in all material respects with applicable statutes and the regulations passed in the United States. There are no current orders or directions relating to our company with respect to the foregoing laws and regulations. Environmental Regulations We do not believe that we are or will become subject to any environmental laws or regulations of the United States. While our products and business activities do not currently violate any laws, any regulatory changes that impose additional restrictions or requirements on us or on our products or potential customers could adversely affect us by increasing our operating costs or decreasing demand for our products or services, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. Employees As of November 30, 2022, we had no fulltime employees. Property We do not have any other real property that we lease or own. 4 Table of Contents Item 1A. Risk Factors As a smaller reporting company, we are not required to provide the information required by this item. Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. None. Item 2. Properties We do not own any real estate or other properties. Item 3. Legal Proceedings Management is not aware of any legal proceedings contemplated by any governmental authority or any other party involving us or our properties. As of the date of this Annual Report, no director, officer or affiliate is (i) a party adverse to us in any legal proceeding, or (ii) has an adverse interest to us in any legal proceedings. Management is not aware of any other legal proceedings pending or that have been threatened against us or our properties. Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures Not applicable to our Company. 5 Table of Contents PART II Item 5. Market for Common Equity and Related Stockholder Matters Market Information The Company s common stock is traded on the OTC Link ATS (the alternative trading system operated by OTC Markets Group, Inc). under the symbol KGNR. As of January 2023, the Company s common stock was held by 30 shareholders of record, which does not include shareholders whose shares are held in street or nominee name. The Company s shares commenced trading on or about December 31, 2014. The following chart is indicative of the fluctuations in the stock prices: For the Years Ended November 30 2022 2021 High Low High Low First Quarter 1.00 0.17 1.00 0.01 Second Quarter 1.40 1.00 0.85 0.05 Third Quarter 1.40 1.40 1.00 0.06 Fourth Quarter 1.40 1.40 1.00 0.06 Source: Nasdaq.com The Company s transfer agent is Empire Stock Transfer at 1859 Whitney Mesa Dr., Henderson, NV 89014. Dividend Distributions We have not paid any cash dividends on our common stock and have no present intention of paying any dividends on the shares of our common stock. Our current policy is to retain earnings, if any, for use in our operations and in the development of our business. Our future dividend policy will be determined from time to time by our board of directors. 6 Table of Contents Securities authorized for issuance under equity compensation plans The Company does not have a stock option plan. Penny Stock Our common stock is considered penny stock under the rules the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. The SEC has adopted rules that regulate broker-dealer practices in connection with transactions in penny stocks. Penny stocks are generally equity securities with a price of less than 5.00, other than securities registered on certain national securities exchanges or quoted on the NASDAQ Stock Market System, provided that current price and volume information with respect to transactions in such securities is provided by the exchange or quotation system. The penny stock rules require a broker-dealer, prior to a transaction in a penny stock, to deliver a standardized risk disclosure document prepared by the Commission, that: contains a description of the nature and level of risks in the market for penny stocks in both public offerings and secondary trading; contains a description of the broker s or dealer s duties to the customer and of the rights and remedies available to the customer with respect to a violation to such duties or other requirements of Securities laws; contains a brief, clear, narrative description of a dealer market, including bid and ask prices for penny stocks and the significance of the spread between the bid and ask price; contains a toll-free telephone number for inquiries on disciplinary actions; defines significant terms in the disclosure document or in the conduct of trading in penny stocks; and contains such other information and is in such form, including language, type, size and format, as the Commission shall require by rule or regulation. The broker-dealer also must provide, prior to effecting any transaction in a penny stock, the customer with: bid and offer quotations for the penny stock; the compensation of the broker-dealer and its salesperson in the transaction; the number of shares to which such bid and ask prices apply, or other comparable information relating to the depth and liquidity of the marker for such stock; and monthly account statements showing the market value of each penny stock held in the customer s account. In addition, the penny stock rules that require that prior to a transaction in a penny stock not otherwise exempt from those rules; the broker-dealer must make a special written determination that the penny stock is a suitable investment for the purchaser and receive the purchaser s written acknowledgement of the receipt of a risk disclosure statement, a written agreement to transactions involving penny stocks, and a signed and dated copy of a written suitably statement. These disclosure requirements may have the effect of reducing the trading activity in the secondary market for our stock. Related Stockholder Matters None. 7 Table of Contents Purchase of Equity Securities None. Item 6. [Reserved] Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Rule 175 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Rule 3b-6 of the Securities Act of 1934, as amended, that involve substantial risks and uncertainties. These forward-looking statements are not historical facts, but rather are based on current expectations, estimates and projections about our industry, our beliefs and our assumptions. Words such as anticipate, expects, intends, plans, believes, seeks and estimates and variations of these words and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to risks, uncertainties and other factors, some of which are beyond our control and difficult to predict and could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or forecasted in the forward-looking statements. You should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which apply only as of the date of this Form 10-K. Investors should carefully consider all of such risks before making an investment decision with respect to the Company s stock. The following discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with our financial statements and summary of selected financial data for Kange Corp. Such discussion represents only the best present assessment from our Management. DESCRIPTION OF COMPANY The Company is a start-up company that was incorporated in Nevada on August 16, 2013. We have had limited operations and have been issued a going concern opinion by our auditor, based upon our reliance on the sale of our common stock and advances from related parties as the sole sources of funds for our operations for the near future. The following Management Discussion and Analysis should be read in conjunction with the financial statements and accompanying notes included in this Form 10-K. COMPARISON OF THE YEAR ENDED NOVEMBER 30, 2022 TO THE YEAR ENDED NOVEMBER 30, 2021 Results of Operations The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the financial statements and notes thereto for the years ended November 30, 2022 and 2021, and related management discussion herein. Our financial statements are stated in U.S. Dollars and are prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles of the United States GAAP ). Going Concern Qualification Several conditions and events cast substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. The Company has incurred cumulative net losses of 3,361,483since its inception and requires capital for its contemplated operational and marketing activities to take place. The Company s ability to raise additional capital through debt or future issuances of capital stock is unknown. The obtainment of additional financing, the successful development of the Company s contemplated plan of operations, and its transition, ultimately, to the attainment of profitable operations are necessary for the Company to continue operations. The ability to successfully resolve these factors raises substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. 8 Table of Contents Our operating results for the years ended November 30, 2022 and 2021, and the changes between those periods for the respective items, are summarized as follows: Years Ended November 30, Change 2022 2021 Amount Percentage Operating loss (285,827 (49,331 (236,496 (479 Other expense (1,714,069 - (1,714,069 0 Net loss (1,999,896 (49,331 (1,950,565 (3,954 Revenues We did not earn any revenues during the year ended November 30, 2022 or 2021. Operating Loss The Company s operating loss increased to 285,827 during the year ended November 30, 2022, from an operating loss of 49,331 during the year ended November 30, 2021. The following table presents operating expenses for the years ended November 30, 2022 and 2021: Years Ended November 30, Change 2022 2021 Amount Percentage General and administrative expenses 12,753 49,331 (36,578 (74 Management compensation 273,074 - 273,074 0 Total Operating Expenses 285,827 49,331 236,496 479 During the years ended November 30, 2022 and 2021, our operating expenses were primarily attributed to stock-based compensation to our CEO of 273,074 and 0, respectively, and general and administrative expenses of 12,753 and 49,331, respectively. The decrease in general and administrative expenses were primarily attributed to a reduction in professional fees of audit of 19,250, accounting of 13,250, legal of 4,000. Other Expenses The following table presents other expense for the years ended November 30, 2022 and 2021: Years Ended November 30, Change 2022 2021 Amount Loss on settlement of debt - related party 1,714,069 - 1,714,069 Total Other Expenses 1,714,069 - 1,714,069 During the years ended November 30, 2022 and 2021, the other expenses were attributed to loss on the settlement of debt to a company controlled by our CEO of 1,714,069 and 0, respectively. Net Loss The Company incurred a net loss of 1,999,896 during the year ended November 30, 2022, compared to a net loss of 49,331 for the year ended November 30, 2021. The increase in net loss was due to an increase in operating expenses of 236,496 and other expenses of 1,714,069, as described above. 9 Table of Contents Liquidity and Capital Resources Based upon our current financial condition, we do not have sufficient cash to operate our business at the current level for the next twelve months. We intend to fund operations through debt and/or equity financing arrangements, which may be insufficient to fund expenditures or other cash requirements. We plan to seek additional financing in a private equity offering to secure funding for operations. There can be no assurance that we will be successful in raising additional funding. If we are not able to secure additional funding, the implementation of our business plan will be impaired. There can be no assurance that such additional financing will be available to us on acceptable terms or at all. Working Capital The following table presents our working capital position as of November 30, 2022 and 2021: As of November 30, Change 2022 2021 Amount Percentage Current assets - - - - Current liabilities 16,753 71,107 54,354 (76 Working capital (deficiency) (16,753 (71,107 54,354 76 The change in working capital during the year ended November 30, 2022, was primarily due to a decrease in current liabilities of 54,354. The Company settled amounts due to its CEO by the issuance of common stock. Cash Flow We fund our operations with cash received from advances from officers and related parties and issuances of equity. The following tables presents our cash flow for the year ended November 30, 2022 and 2021: Years Ended November 30, 2022 2021 Cash used in operating activities (11,098 (50,831 Cash provided by financing activities 11,098 50,831 Net change in cash for the period - - Cash Flows from Operating Activities We did not generate positive cash flows from operating activities for the years ended November 30, 2022 or 2021. For the year ended November 30, 2022, net cash flows used in operating activities consisted of a net loss of 1,999,896, reduced by stock-based compensation related party of 273,074, a loss on settlement of debt related party of 1,714,069, and a change in accounts payable and accrued liabilities of 1,655. For the year ended November 30, 2021, net cash flows used in operating activities consisted of a net loss of 49,331, increased by a change in accounts payable and accrued liabilities of 1,500. Cash Flows from Investing Activities For the years ended November 30, 2022 and 2021, no cashflows were provided by or used in investing activities. 10 Table of Contents Cash Flows from Financing Activities For the years ended November 30, 2022 and 2021, cashflows provided by financing activities totaled 11,098 and 50,831 respectively, due to proceeds from related party. Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements The Company does not have any off-balance sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on the Company s financial condition, changes in financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources that are material to investors. Critical Accounting Estimates and Judgements Use of Estimates. The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. Stock-based compensation . We account for share-based compensation under the fair value method which requires all such compensation to be calculated based on its fair value at the measurement date (generally the grant date), and recognized in the statement of operations over the requisite service period. Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk As the Company is a smaller reporting company, this item is inapplicable. 11 Table of Contents Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Kange Corp . Table of Contents Page Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm Report (PCAOB ID F-1 Balance Sheets F-2 Statement of Operations F-3 Statements of Changes in Stockholders Deficit F-4 Statement of Cash Flows F-5 Notes to Financial Statements F-6 12 Table of Contents REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM To the Board of Directors and Stockholders Kange Corp. Studio City, California Opinion on the Financial Statements We have audited the accompanying balance sheets of Kange Corp. (the Company) as of November 30, 2022 and 2021, and the related statements of operations, changes in stockholders deficit, and cash flows for the years then ended, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of November 30, 2022 and 2021 and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the years then ended, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Consideration of the Company s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. The Company has suffered recurring losses and has no operations, which raise substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans in regard to these matters are described in Note 1. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. Basis for Opinion These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. /s/ We have served as the Company s auditor since 2021. Pinnacle Accountancy Group of Utah (a dba of Heaton Company, PLLC) February 3, 2023 F-1 Table of Contents Kange Corp Balance Sheets November 30, November 30, 2022 2021 ASSETS Current Assets Cash Total Current Assets TOTAL ASSETS LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT Current Liabilities Accounts payable and accrued liabilities Due to related parties Total Current Liabilities Stockholders Deficit Common stock, par value, shares authorized, and shares issued and outstanding as of November 30, 2022 and November 30, 2021, respectively Additional paid-in capital Accumulated deficit Total Stockholders Deficit TOTAL LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. F-2 Table of Contents Kange Corp Statements of Operations Years Ended November 30, 2022 2021 Revenues Operating Expenses General and administrative Management compensation Total operating expenses Operating loss Other income (expense) Loss on settlement of debt - related party Total other income Net loss Basic and diluted loss per common share Basic and diluted weighted average common shares outstanding The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. F-3 Table of Contents Kange Corp Statement of Changes in Stockholders Deficit Additional Total Common Stock Paid-in Accumulated Stockholders Shares Amount Capital Deficit Deficit Balance - November 30, 2020 Net loss - Balance - November 30, 2021 Common stock issued for settlement of debt - related party Common stock issued for compensation - related party Net loss - Balance - November 30, 2022 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. F-4 Table of Contents Kange Corp Statements of Cash Flows Years Ended November 30, 2022 2021 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES Net loss Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: Stock based compensation - related party Loss on settlement of debt - related party Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Accounts payable and accrued liabilities Net cash used in operating activities CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES Proceeds from related party Net cash provided by financing activities Net change in cash for the period Cash at beginning of period Cash at end of period SUPPLEMENTAL CASH FLOW INFORMATION: Cash paid for income taxes Cash paid for interest NON-CASH INVESTING AND FINANCING ACTIVITIES Common stock issued for settlement of debt - related party The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. F-5 Table of Contents KANGE CORP. NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS NOVEMBER 30, 2022 and 2021 Basis of Presentation Fair Value of Financial Instruments Going Concern for the year ended November 30, 2022. The Company had an accumulated deficit of at November 30, 2022. These factors raise substantial doubt about the ability of the Company to continue as a going concern for a reasonable period of time. The Company s continuation as a going concern is dependent upon its ability to generate revenues and its ability to continue receiving investment capital and loans from related parties to sustain its current level of operations. The Company is in the process of securing working capital from investors for common stock, convertible notes payable, and/or strategic partnerships. No assurance can be given that the Company will be successful in these efforts. The financial statements do not include any adjustments relating to the recoverability and classification of recorded asset amounts or the amounts and classification of liabilities that might be necessary should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern. Use of Estimates F-6 Table of Contents Net Earnings (Loss) Per Share Income Taxes Recent Accounting Pronouncements and , respectively, from AMJ Global Entertainment LLC, a related party controlled by the Company s CEO and director. F-7 Table of Contents shares of common stock as a one-time bonus to the Company s CEO for services rendered as CEO and director. The Company recognized compensation of for the issuance of shares of common stock. During the year ended November 30, 2022, the Company s board of directors approved the issuance of shares of common stock for settlement of due to AMJ Global Entertainment, LLC, a related party controlled by the Company s CEO and director. The shares were valued at resulting in a loss of settlement on debt of . At November 30, 2022 and 2021, the Company owed and , respectively, to AMJ Global Entertainment LLC, a related party controlled by the Company s CEO and director. The amount is unsecured, non-interest bearing and due on demand. , par value per share. Each outstanding share of common stock entitles the holder to one vote per share on all matters submitted to a stockholder vote. All shares of common stock are non-assessable and non-cumulative, with no pre-emptive rights. On January 27, 2022, the Company adopted the Board Resolution and issued shares of common stock against amount owed to AMJ Global Entertainment LLC, a related party controlled by the Company s CEO and director, and shares of common stock as stock - based compensation to the Company s CEO and director (see Note 2). There were and shares of common stock issued and outstanding as of November 30, 2022 and 2021, respectively. to loss before taxes), as follows: Change in valuation allowance Income tax expense per books The tax effects of the temporary differences between reportable financial statement income and taxable income are recognized as deferred tax assets and liabilities. The tax effect of significant components of the Company s deferred tax assets and liabilities at November 30, 2022 and 2021, respectively, are as follows: Valuation allowance Net deferred tax asset In assessing the realizability of deferred tax assets, management considers whether it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. The ultimate realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon the generation of future taxable income during the periods in which those temporary differences become deductible. Management considers the scheduled reversal of deferred tax liabilities, projected future taxable income and tax planning strategies in making this assessment. Because of the historical earnings history of the Company, the net deferred tax asset for 2022 was fully offset by a valuation allowance. The valuation allowance for the remaining net deferred tax assets was and as of November 30, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The Company s tax returns are subject to examination by tax authorities. F-8 Table of Contents Item 9. Changes In and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure We have had no disagreements with our accountants required to be disclosed pursuant to Item 304 of Regulation S-K. Item 9A. Controls and Procedures Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures The Company s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer has evaluated the effectiveness of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) as of and for the year ended November 30, 2022, covered by this Form 10-K. Based upon such evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer has concluded that, as of the end of such period, the Company s disclosure controls and procedures were not effective as required under Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act. Management s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting The management of the Company is responsible for the preparation of the financial statements and related financial information appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The financial statements and notes have been prepared in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. The management of the Company is also responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act. A company s internal control over financial reporting is defined as a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. Our internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that: Pertain to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the Company; Provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the issuer are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and the board of directors of the Company; and Provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the Company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 13 Table of Contents Management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial officer, does not expect that the Company s disclosure controls and internal controls will prevent all error and all fraud. Because of its inherent limitations, a system of internal control over financial reporting can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met and may not prevent or detect misstatements. Further, over time, control may become inadequate because of changes in conditions or the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. With the participation of the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, our management evaluated the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of November 30, 2022, based upon the framework in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in 2013. Based on that evaluation, our management has concluded that, as of November 30, 2022, the Company had material weaknesses in its internal control over financial reporting and the Company s internal control over financial reporting were not effective. Specifically, management identified the following material weaknesses at November 30, 2022: 1. Lack of oversight by independent directors in the establishment and monitoring of required internal controls and procedures; 2. Lack of functioning audit committee, resulting in ineffective oversight in the establishment and monitoring of required internal controls and procedures; 3. Insufficient personnel resources within the accounting function to segregate the duties over financial transaction processing and reporting and to allow for proper monitoring controls over accounting; 4. Insufficient written policies and procedures over accounting transaction processing and period end financial disclosure and reporting processes. To remediate our internal control weaknesses, management intends to implement the following measures: The Company will add sufficient number of independent directors to the board and appoint an audit committee. The Company will add sufficient knowledgeable accounting personnel to properly segregate duties and to effect a timely, accurate preparation of the financial statements. Upon the hiring of additional accounting personnel, the Company will develop and maintain adequate written accounting policies and procedures. The additional hiring is contingent upon the Company s efforts to obtain additional funding through equity or debt for its continued operational activities and corporate expenses. Management provides no assurances that it will be able to do so. We understand that remediation of material weaknesses and deficiencies in internal controls are a continuing work in progress due to the issuance of new standards and promulgations. However, remediation of any known deficiency is among our highest priorities. Our management will periodically assess the progress and sufficiency of our ongoing initiatives and make adjustments as and when necessary. As a smaller reporting company, we are not required to provide, and this annual report does not include, an attestation report of our registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. 14 Table of Contents Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting Except as set forth above, there were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the period covered by this report that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. Limitations on the Effectiveness of Controls The Company s management, including the CEO and CFO, does not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures or our internal control over financial reporting will prevent or detect all error and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the control system s objectives will be met. Further, the design of the control system must reflect that there are resource constraints and that the benefits must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within the company have been detected. These inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in decision-making can be faulty and that breakdowns can occur because of simple error or mistake. Controls can also be circumvented by the individual acts of some persons, by collusion of two or more people, or by management override of controls. The design of any system of controls is based in part on certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions. Projections of any evaluation of controls effectiveness to future periods are subject to risks. Over time, controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions or deterioration in the degree of compliance with policies or procedures. Item 9B. Other Information. None. Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. Not applicable. 15 Table of Contents PART III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. The following table sets forth information with respect to persons who are serving as directors and officers of the Company. Each director holds office until the next annual meeting of shareholders or until his successor has been elected and qualified. Name Age Position Dr. Arthur Malone, Jr. 56 Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Secretary, Treasurer, Director (1) __________ (1) Appointed on November 9, 2015. Biographies of Directors and Officers The following is a brief account of the education and business experience during at least the past five years of each director, executive officer and key employee of our company, indicating the person s principal occupation during that period, and the name and principal business of the organization in which such occupation and employment were carried out. Dr. Arthur Art Malone, Jr. From 2010 through the current date, Dr. Malone has been an entrepreneur, whether it be from investing in public and private companies to creating business opportunities for those not as fortunate, to advising public or private companies on corporate structure. Dr. Malone was formerly the Chairman and CEO of Songstagram, a mobile app company, that he resigned from, and which sold its interests in licensing agreements to a publicly traded company, bBooth, Inc., and formerly the Chairman and CEO of Medresponse Corp. (f/k/a Merecot Corp., MEDR) in 2015 when he sold his interests in November 2015. Dr. Malone, through his company, AMJ Global, has also created a clothing line as well as an entertainment company, and Dr. Malone taught over 5 years at Channel Islands Bible College. Dr. Malone attended the University of Washington where he studied Criminal Law and Sociology. Dr. Malone also attended Kings Seminary as well as Channel Islands Bible College. Dr. Malone holds a Bachelor s Degree, as well as two Masters Degrees, and a Ph.D. The Company believes that Dr. Malone s extensive experience in the technology sector and with small public companies qualifies him to serve as a director of the Company. The terms of Dr. Malone s employment have not yet been determined. Dr. Malone, through AMJ Global LLC and AMJ Global Entertainment LLC, owns approximately 95.54 of the voting securities of the Company as of February 23, 2023. Our directors are elected at the annual meeting of the shareholders, with vacancies filled by the Board of Directors, and serve until their successors are elected and qualified, or their earlier resignation or removal. Officers are appointed by the board of directors and serve at the discretion of the board of directors or until their earlier resignation or removal. Any action required can be taken at any annual or special meeting of stockholders of the corporation which may be taken without a meeting, without prior notice and without a vote, if consent of consents in writing setting forth the action so taken, shall be signed by the holders of the outstanding stock having not less than the minimum number of votes that would be necessary to authorize or take such action at a meeting at which all shares entitled to vote thereon were present and voted and shall be delivered to the corporation by delivery to its registered office, its principle place of business, or an officer or agent of the corporation having custody of the book in which the proceedings of meetings are recorded. As we have recently devoted efforts to exploring the intersection of technology and wholistic technology-based health treatments for a variety of mental health conditions, from autism to dementia and Alzheimer s, we have also retained Board of Advisors composed of advisors we believe are competent to advise us regarding technology, sports health issues and treatments, and PTSD. 16 Table of Contents Indemnification of Directors and Officers Section 78.138 of the Nevada Revised Statutes NRS provides that a director or officer will not be individually liable unless it is proven that (i) the director s or officer s acts or omissions constituted a breach of his or her fiduciary duties, and (ii) such breach involved intentional misconduct, fraud or a knowing violation of the law. Section 78.7502 of NRS permits a company to indemnify its directors and officers against expenses, judgments, fines and amounts paid in settlement actually and reasonably incurred in connection with a threatened, pending or completed action, suit or proceeding if the officer or director (i) is not liable pursuant to NRS 78.138 or (ii) acted in good faith and in a manner the officer or director reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the corporation and, if a criminal action or proceeding, had no reasonable cause to believe the conduct of the officer or director was unlawful. Section 78.751 of NRS permits a Nevada company to indemnify its officers and directors against expenses incurred by them in defending a civil or criminal action, suit or proceeding as they are incurred and in advance of final disposition thereof, upon receipt of an undertaking by or on behalf of the officer or director to repay the amount if it is ultimately determined by a court of competent jurisdiction that such officer or director is not entitled to be indemnified by the company. Section 78.751 of NRS further permits the company to grant its directors and officers additional rights of indemnification under its articles of incorporation or bylaws or otherwise. Section 78.752 of NRS provides that a Nevada company may purchase and maintain insurance or make other financial arrangements on behalf of any person who is or was a director, officer, employee or agent of the company, or is or was serving at the request of the company as a director, officer, employee or agent of another company, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise, for any liability asserted against him and liability and expenses incurred by him in his capacity as a director, officer, employee or agent, or arising out of his status as such, whether or not the company has the authority to indemnify him against such liability and expenses. Our Articles of Incorporation provide that no director or officer of the Company will be personally liable to the Company or any of its stockholders for damages for breach of fiduciary duty as a director or officer; provided, however, that the foregoing provision shall not eliminate or limit the liability of a director or officer (i) for acts or omissions which involve intentional misconduct, fraud or knowing violation of law, or (ii) the payment of dividends in violation of Section 78.300 of NRS. In addition, our Bylaws implement the indemnification and insurance provisions permitted by Chapter 78 of the NRS by providing that the Company shall indemnify its directors to the fullest extent permitted by the NRS and may, if and to the extent authorized by the board of directors, so indemnify its officers and any other person whom it has the power to indemnify against liability, reasonable expense or other matter whatsoever; and the Company may at the discretion of the board of directors purchase and maintain insurance on behalf of any person who holds or who has held any position identified in the paragraph above against any and all liability incurred by such person in any such position or arising out of his status as such. Insofar as indemnification by us for liabilities arising under the Securities Act may be permitted to our directors, officers or persons controlling the company pursuant to provisions of our articles of incorporation and bylaws, or otherwise, we have been advised that in the opinion of the SEC, such indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act and is therefore unenforceable. In the event that a claim for indemnification by such director, officer or controlling person of us in the successful defense of any action, suit or proceeding is asserted by such director, officer or controlling person in connection with the securities being offered, we will, unless in the opinion of our counsel the matter has been settled by controlling precedent, submit to a court of appropriate jurisdiction the question whether such indemnification by us is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act and will be governed by the final adjudication of such issue. Director Compensation During the fiscal years ended November 30, 2022 and 2021, we did not have an independent director. Directors that were employees (i.e., Dr. Malone, our sole officer and director) were not paid any fees for their role as director, other than as disclosed below. During the year ended November 30, 2022, the Company s board of directors approved the issuance of 10,000,000 shares of common stock as a one-time bonus to the Company s CEO for services rendered as CEO and director. The Company recognized compensation of 273,074 for the issuance of 10,000,000 shares of common stock 17 Table of Contents Involvement on Certain Material Legal Proceedings During the Last Five Years No director, officer, significant employee or consultant has been convicted in a criminal proceeding, exclusive of traffic violations. No bankruptcy petitions have been filed by or against any business or property of any director, officer, significant employee or consultant of the Company nor has any bankruptcy petition been filed against a partnership or business association where these persons were general partners or executive officers. No director, officer, significant employee or consultant has been permanently or temporarily enjoined, barred, suspended or otherwise limited from involvement in any type of business, securities or banking activities. No director, officer or significant employee has been convicted of violating a federal or state securities or commodities law. Directors and Officers Liability Insurance The Company does not have directors and officers liability insurance insuring our directors and officers against liability for acts or omissions in their capacities as directors or officers. Code of Ethics We intend to adopt a code of ethics that applies to our officers, directors and employees, including our principal executive officer and principal accounting officer, but have not done so to date due to our relatively small size. We intend to adopt a written code of ethics in the near future. Corporate Governance and Board Independence Our Board of Directors consists of one director and has not established a Nominating or Governance Committees as standing committees. The Board does not have an executive committee or any committees performing a similar function. We are not currently listed on a national securities exchange or in an inter-dealer quotation system that has requirements that a majority of the board of directors be independent. Due to our lack of operations and size, and since we are not currently listed on a national securities exchange, we are not subject to any listing requirements mandating the establishment of any particular committees; all functions of a nominating/governance committee were performed by our whole board of directors. Our board of directors intends to appoint such persons and form such committees as are required to meet the corporate governance requirements imposed by the national securities exchanges as necessary. Our board of directors does not believe that it is necessary to have such committees at the early stage of the company s development, and our board of directors believes that the functions of such committees can be adequately performed by the members of our board of directors. We believe that our board of directors is capable of analyzing and evaluating our financial statements and understanding internal controls and procedures for financial reporting. We believe that retaining an independent director who would qualify as an audit committee financial expert would be overly costly and burdensome and is not warranted in our circumstances given the early stages of our development and the fact that we have not generated any material revenues to date. Board Leadership Structure and the Board s Role in Risk Oversight. The Board of Directors is led by a Chairman, and at this time our Chairman is our sole director and is also our Chief Executive Officer. Although our sole officer is our sole director, the Board believes that the most effective leadership structure at this time is not to separate the roles of Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. A combined structure provides the Company with a single leader who represents the company to our stockholders, regulators, business partners and other stakeholders, among other reasons set forth below. This structure creates efficiency in the preparation of the meeting agendas and related Board materials as the Company s Chief Executive Officer works directly with those individuals preparing the necessary Board materials and is more connected to the overall daily operations of the Company. Agendas are also prepared with the permitted input of the full Board of Directors allowing for any concerns or risks of any individual director to be discussed as deemed appropriate. The Board believes that the Company has benefited from this structure, and Mr. Perry s continuation in the combined role of the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer is in the best interest of the stockholders. The Company believes that the combined structure is necessary and allows for efficient and effective oversight, given the Company s relatively small size, its corporate strategy and focus. 18 Table of Contents The Board of Directors does not have a specific role in risk oversight of the Company. The Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer and other executive officers and employees of the Company provide the Board of Directors with information regarding the Company s risks. Item 11. Executive Compensation The table below sets forth, for our last two fiscal years, the compensation earned by our executive officers. Option Deferred and All Other Name and Compen- Stock Warrant Compen- Principal Position Salary sation Bonus Awards Awards sation Total Dr. Arthur Malone, Jr. (1) 2022 - - - 273,074 - - 273,074 Chief Executive Officer, 2021 - - - - - - - __________ (1) Dr. Malone was appointed as CEO, CFO, Director, Secretary and Treasurer on November 9, 2015. Previously, he was a Director from July 7, 2015 through July 24, 2015. There is no employment agreement with Dr. Malone. There are no current employment agreements between the Company and its current CEO and Director, Dr. Malone. No retirement, pension, profit sharing, stock option or insurance programs or other similar programs have been adopted by us for the benefit of our officer or director or employees. Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters The following table sets forth information regarding the beneficial ownership of the Company s common stock (and preferred stock) as of November 30, 2022, for (i) each person or entity who, to our knowledge, beneficially owns more than 5 of our common stock; (ii) each executive officer and named officer; (iii) each director; and (iv) all of our officers and directors as a group. Unless otherwise indicated in the footnotes to the following table, each of the stockholders named in the table has sole voting and investment power with respect to the shares of our common stock beneficially owned. Except as otherwise indicated, the address of each of the stockholders listed below is: c/o 11724 Ventura Blvd., Suite B, Studio City, California, 91604. Name of Beneficial Owner Number of Shares Owned (1) Percentage Owned (1) Dr. Arthur Malone, Jr. (2) 85,622,823 95.54 All officers and directors as a group (1 person) 85,622,823 95.54 ____________ (1) Applicable percentage of ownership is based on 89,623,323 total shares comprised of our common stock outstanding (as defined below) as of February 3, 2023. (2) Held in the name of AMJ Global, LLC, and AMJ Global Entertainment, LLC, entities controlled by Dr. Malone. 19 Table of Contents Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions Transactions with Related Persons At November 30, 2022 and 2021, the Company owed 11,098 and 67,107, respectively, to AMJ Global Entertainment LLC, a related party controlled by the Company s CEO and director. The amounts are unsecured, non-interest bearing and due on demand. During the year ended November 30, 2022 and 2021, the Company received proceeds of 11,098 and 50,831, respectively, from the related party. During the year ended November 30, 2022, the Company s board of directors approved the issuance of 10,000,000 shares of common stock as a one-time bonus to the Company s CEO for services rendered as CEO and director. The Company recognized compensation of 273,074 for the issuance of 10,000,000 shares of common stock. During the year ended November 30, 2022, the Company s board of directors approved the issuance of 65,227,000 shares of common stock for settlement of 67,107 due to AMJ Global Entertainment, LLC, a related party controlled by the Company s CEO and director. The shares were valued at 1,781,176 resulting in a loss of settlement on debt of 1,714,069. Director Independence We currently do not have any independent directors, as the term independent is defined in Section 803A of the NYSE Amex LLC Company Guide. Since the Over the Counter Pink OTCPK does not have rules regarding director independence, the Board makes its determination as to director independence based on the definition of independence as defined under the rules of the New York Stock Exchange NYSE and American Stock Exchange Amex ). Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services. The following table sets forth the fees billed by our principal independent accountants for 2022 and 2021, for the categories of services indicated. Years Ended November 30, Category 2022 2021 Audit Fees 5,750 8,000 Audit Related Fees - - Tax Fees - - All Other Fees - - Total 5,750 8,000 Audit fees. Consists of fees billed for the audit of our annual financial statements and review of our interim financial information and services that are normally provided by the accountant in connection with year-end and quarter-end statutory and regulatory filings or engagements. Audit-related fees. Consists of fees billed for services relating to review of other regulatory filings including registration statements, periodic reports and audit related consulting. Tax fees. Consists of professional services rendered by our principal accountant for tax compliance, tax advice and tax planning. Other fees. Other services provided by our accountants. 20 Table of Contents Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules See the Exhibit Index following the signature page of this Registration Statement, which Exhibit Index is incorporated herein by reference. Number Description 3.1 Articles of Incorporation (incorporated by reference to our Registration Statement on Form S-1, filed on February 21, 2014) 3.2 Bylaws (incorporated by reference to our Registration Statement on Form S-1, filed on February 21, 2014) 10.1 Assignment of Rights Agreement between the Company and AMJ Global (incorporated by reference to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 12, 2015) 31.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financia Officer of Kange Corp. required by Rule 13a-14(1) or Rule 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 32.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of Kange Corp. pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and Section 1350 Of 18 U.S.C. 63 101 Inline XBRL Document Set for the financial statements and accompanying notes in Part II, Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 104 Inline XBRL for the cover page of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, included in the Exhibit 101 Inline XBRL Document Set. __________ Filed herewith Item 16. Form 10-K Summary. None. 21 Table of Contents SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. /s/ Dr. Arthur Malone, Jr. February 3, 2023 Dr. Arthur Malone, Jr. Date Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. /s/ Dr. Arthur Malone, Jr. February 3, 2023 Dr. Arthur Malone, Jr. Date Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer 22 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 kgnr_311.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 kgnr_311.htm EXHIBIT 31.1 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER REQUIRED BY RULE 13A-14(a) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 AS AMENDED, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 I, Dr. Arthur Malone, Jr., certify that: 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Kange Corp.; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. Date: February 3, 2023 By: /s/ Dr. Arthur Malone, Jr. Dr. Arthur Malone, Jr. Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-32.1>
 3
 kgnr_321.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 kgnr_321.htm EXHIBIT 32.1 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 I, Dr. Arthur Malone, Jr., Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of Kange Corp. (the Company ), certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: (1) the Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Company for the year ended November 30, 2022 (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78m or 78o(d)); and (2) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. Date: February 3, 2023 By: /s/ Dr. Arthur Malone, Jr. Dr. Arthur Malone, Jr. Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 4
 kgnr-20221130.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.CAL>
 6
 kgnr-20221130_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.PRE>
 7
 kgnr-20221130_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 kgnr-20221130_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

