<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230119_10-K_edgar_data_1463833_0001213900-23-003814.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>6284972</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>186502</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1274340</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1301160</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1735353</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1629998</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-23-003814.hdr.sgml : 20230119
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230119170115
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-23-003814
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		102
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221031
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230119
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230119

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			IDW MEDIA HOLDINGS, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001463833
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-ADVERTISING [7310]
		IRS NUMBER:				264831346
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1031

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-34355
		FILM NUMBER:		23538056

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		520 BROAD STREET
		CITY:			NEWARK
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07102
		BUSINESS PHONE:		973-438-3385

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		520 BROAD STREET
		CITY:			NEWARK
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07102

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	CTM MEDIA HOLDINGS, INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20090511

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-23-003814.txt : 20230119

10-K
 1
 f10k2022_idwmedia.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

Annual
report pursuant to section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

for the fiscal year ended , . 

or 

Transition
report pursuant to section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 

Commission File Number: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its
charter) 

(State
or other jurisdiction of 
incorporation or organization) (I.R.S.
Employer 
Identification No.) 

, , 

(Address of principal executive offices, zip code) 

323-433-6670 

(Registrant s telephone number, including
area code) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act: 

Title of each class Trading Symbol Name of each exchange on which registered 

Securities registered pursuant to section 12(g)
of the Act: None 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a
well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not
required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12
months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements
for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405
of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). 
 No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company.
See definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and
 emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial
reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or
issued its audit report. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as
defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No 

The aggregate market value of the voting and
non-voting stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant, based on the closing price on April 29, 2022 (the last business day of the
registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter) of the Class B common stock of 1.70 per share, as reported on the
New York Stock Exchange, was approximately million. 

The number of shares outstanding of the registrant s common stock
as of January 17, 2023 was: 

Class B common stock, par value 0.01 per share: shares (excluding 519,360 treasury shares) Class C common stock, par value 0.01 per share: shares 

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

The definitive proxy statement relating to the
registrant s Annual Meeting of Stockholders, to be held March 30, 2023, is incorporated by reference into Part III of this Form
10-K to the extent described therein. 

Index 
IDW MEDIA HOLDINGS, INC. 
Annual Report on Form 10-K 

Forward-Looking
 Information and Factors that May Affect Future Results 
 ii 

Part
 I 

Item
 1. 
 Business. 
 1 

Item
 1A. 
 Risk Factors . 
 9 

Item
 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments . 
 20 

Item
 2. 
 Properties . 
 20 

Item
 3. 
 Legal Proceedings . 
 20 

Item
 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures . 
 20 

Part
 II 

Item
 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities . 
 21 

Item
 6. 
 [Reserved] . 
 21 

Item
 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations . 
 21 

Item
 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risks . 
 27 

Item
 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data . 
 2 7 

Item
 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure . 
 27 

Item
 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures . 
 27 

Item
 9B. 
 Other Information . 
 2 8 

Item
 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections . 
 2 8 

Part
 III 

Item
 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance . 
 2 9 

Item
 11. 
 Executive Compensation . 
 29 

Item
 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters . 
 2 9 

Item
 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence . 
 2 9 

Item
 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services . 
 29 

Part
 IV 

Item
 15. 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules . 
 30 

Item
 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 31 

Signatures 
 32 

i 

This Annual Report contains forward-looking statements within the
meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, including statements that
contain the words believes, anticipates, expects, plans, intends 
and similar words and phrases. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results
to differ materially from the results projected in any forward-looking statement. In addition to the factors specifically noted in the
forward-looking statements, other important factors, risks and uncertainties that could result in those differences include, but are
not limited to, those discussed under Item 1A to Part I Risk Factors in this Annual Report. The forward-looking statements
are made as of the date of this Annual Report, and we assume no obligation to update the forward-looking statements, or to update the
reasons why actual results could differ from those projected in the forward-looking statements. Investors should consult all of the information
set forth in this report and the other information set forth from time to time in our reports filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission pursuant to the Securities Act of 1933 and the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, including our reports on Forms 10-Q and 8-K. 

Our business is subject to numerous risks as
described in this section. Some of these risks include: 

We have a history of continued operating losses at IDWE and IDWP
and cannot be certain of our future profitability. 

We will likely need additional capital to sustain our operations
and will likely need to seek further financing to accelerate our growth, which we may not be able to obtain on acceptable terms or at
all. If we are unable to raise additional capital, as needed, the future growth of our business and operations would be severely limited. 

IDWP depends on one main distributor for its direct market and
non-direct market publications and such dependence subjects IDWP to the risk that such distributor may be unable to perform its obligations
to IDWP. 

IDWP may not be able to respond to changing
consumer preferences and its sales may decline. 

IDWP s publications may be less
successful than anticipated. 

If IDWP fails to maintain positive relationships with its key
licensors, authors, illustrators and other creative talent, as well as to develop relationships with new licensors and creative talent,
its business could be adversely affected. 

IDWP cannot control certain publication
delays, cancellations and shipping delays which could adversely affect IDWP s sales and its ability to meet delivery obligations. 

IDWE does not control
the decisions to produce shows and relies on outside streamers/studios for greenlighting, and if an insufficient number of our properties
are put into production, our profitability will be significantly impacted. 

Reduction in budgets
for content could impact our ability to sell television shows which could materially impact revenue and operating results at IDWE. 

There can be no assurances that our Class B common stock
will not be subject to potential delisting if we do not continue to maintain the listing requirements of the NYSE American. 

ii 

Part I 

As used in this Annual Report, unless the
context otherwise requires, the terms the Company, IDW Media Holdings, we, us, 
and our refer to IDW Media Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation, and its subsidiaries, collectively. Each reference to
a fiscal year in this Annual Report refers to the fiscal year ending in the calendar year indicated (for example, fiscal 2022 refers
to the fiscal year ended October 31, 2022). 

Item 1. Business. 

OVERVIEW 

We were incorporated in the State of Delaware
in May 2009. 

In 2009, IDT Corporation, our former parent corporation,
completed a tax-free spinoff of the Company through a pro rata distribution of our common stock to IDT s stockholders. 

Our principal businesses include: 

IDW Publishing IDWP ), a publishing company that creates
comic books, graphic novels and digital content through its imprints IDW, Top Shelf Productions and Artist s Editions; and 

IDW Entertainment IDWE ), a production company and studio that develops, produces and distributes content based on IDWP s original, copyrighted intellectual property IP ), published in the form of comic books, graphic novels and any other forms of print publication, for a variety of formats including film and television. 

IDWP is an award-winning publisher of comic books,
original graphic novels, and art books. Founded in 1999, IDWP has a long tradition of supporting original, powerful creator-driven titles.
In 2002, IDWP published 30 Days of Night by Steve Niles and Ben Templesmith followed by other horror titles that helped
kickstart a resurgence in horror-comic publishing across the industry. Since then, IDWP has significantly diversified its publications.
Joe Hill and Gabriel Rodr guez s Locke Key , Scott Snyder s Dark Spaces line, Stephen Graham
Jones s Earthdivers, Beau Smith s Wynonna Earp , Alan Robert s The Beauty of Horror adult
coloring books, and Darwyn Cooke s graphic novel adaptations of Richard Stark s Parker novels are just a
few of the hundreds of award-winning titles published since IDWP s inception. 

IDWE leverages IDWP original
IP into television series, features, and other forms of media by developing and producing original content. IDWE maintains a development
slate of properties based on IDWP properties for the adult series/features marketplace and the kids, family, and animation spaces. 

Prior to February 15, 2021, we also owned CTM
Media Group CTM ), a company that develops and distributes print and digital-based advertising and information advertising
for tourist destinations in targeted tourist markets in 32 states / provinces in the United States and Canada. On February 15, 2021 CTM
Sale Date ), we consummated the sale of CTM to an entity associated with Howard Jonas, our Chairman and Chairman of the Board, in
exchange for (i) the cancelation of 3.75 million of indebtedness the Company owed to Mr. Jonas designee, (ii) a contingent payment
of up to 3.25 million based upon a recovery of quarterly revenues of CTM to 90 of its fiscal 2019 levels during the 18-month period
following the sale (which condition was not met), and (iii) a contingent payment if CTM is sold within 36 months of the sale for more
than 4.5 million CTM Sale ). As of July 31, 2020, CTM was reported as a discontinued operation and CTM s
operations has since been included in the consolidated financial statements as discontinued operations. As of October 31, 2022, the 18-month
period for the contingent payment based upon recovery of quarterly revenue has lapsed and no payment is owed. 

Financial information by segment is presented
in Note 5 in the Notes to our Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8 of this Annual Report. 

Our headquarters are located at 520 Broad Street,
Newark, New Jersey 07102. The main telephone number at our headquarters is (323) 433-6670 and our corporate web site s home page
is www.idwmediaholdings.com. 

1 

We make available free of charge our Annual Report
on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and all amendments to these reports, and all beneficial ownership
reports on Forms 3, 4 and 5 filed by directors, officers and beneficial owners of more than 10 of our equity through the investor relations
page of our web site (https://idwmediaholdings.com/investors/) as soon as reasonably practicable after such material is electronically
filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Our web site also contains information not incorporated into this Annual Report on
Form 10-K or our other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

Recent Developments 

In December 2022, IDWE announced that the Top
Shelf graphic novel A Radical Shift of Gravity 
had been optioned by Hidden Pictures (which has a financing partnership with Lionsgate) to turn it into a feature film. In addition,
we announced that Oscar-nominated screenwriter Matt Charman Bridge
of Spies would pen the adaptation. 

In November 2022, IDWE announced that creative
talent and show runners had been attached to six of our books in order to develop them into television projects. Once development is
complete, IDWE will take the projects to buyers in the hopes of getting them optioned and greenlit. The series in development include
 Bacchus , Dragon Puncher Spoony , Korgi , Lodger , Relic of the Dragon and Satellite Falling.
 Talent attached includes Will Davis Lyle , Lyle Crocodile , Man v. Bee ), Holly Huckins Recess , Angela
Anaconda ), Aury Wallington Veronica Mars , Heroes , Gravity Falls ), Max Adam Reid Aeon Flux , Sneaky
Pete ), Will Pascoe Orphan Black and Directors Jude Weng Only Murders in the Building , Finding Ohana and
Patricia Riggen The 33 ). 

On August 30, 2022, we announced our first co-development
deal with writing team Matt Silverstein and Dave Jeser for the development and production of the sci-fi comedy Family Time 
into a television series and original comic book property. 

Starting in July 2022, we announced the
publishing plans for the following original projects: Dark Spaces: Wildfire, Trve Kvlt, Crashing, Dead Seas, Golgotha
Motor Mountain, Arca and The Hunger and the Dusk , new original projects that draw from a wide selection of genres
including crime thrillers, supernatural horror, science fiction, and epic fantasy. 

IDWE recently announced a slate of six additional titles with closed
development deals with major studios, streamers, and distributors and an animated series with Cartoon Network. As a part of these deals,
IDWE will work closely to develop these properties as narrative television series, with the ultimate goal of securing a greenlight to
production. There will be little to no material financial benefit generated from a project until a property is in production. 

These titles include: 

Dark Spaces with Universal Cable Productions UCP 

Earthdivers with 20th Television Studios and Hulu; 

Ballad for Sophie with Universal Television International; 

The Delicacy with Warner Bros. Television Studios; 

Brutal
 Nature with leading Mexico-based animation studio Anima Studios; and 

A Radical
Shift of Gravity with award winning film producer
Todd Lieberman/Hidden Pictures and Lionsgate 

2 

COVID-19: Overview
of Impacts 

IDW Media Holdings: In connection with the novel coronavirus COVID-19 pandemic, we received two loans under the Paycheck Protection Program PPP related to core IDWE and IDWP operations. 

o 1,196,000 on April 27, 2020, subsequently forgiven on July 20, 2021 

o 
 1,196,000 on April 2, 2021, subsequently forgiven on October 27, 2021 

IDWP: Issues primarily related to the COVID-19 pandemic continue to impact international printing and shipping. Costs are beginning to level off as of the end of fiscal 2022 and the strain on the logistics network is easing, but prices and timing are still considerably higher than the pre-pandemic levels. 

IDWE: Industry-wide production suspensions halted filming and production of Wynonna Earp Season four after the completion of six of twelve episodes and the remaining six were subsequently completed and released. Despite a less impactful COVID-19, IDWE continues its program to develop, package and pitch from its library, adapting to a new marketplace that exists as a hybrid in office/remote model. While there are some in-person writer s rooms with strict COVID-19 protocols, the majority of writer s rooms, pitch scenarios and development conversations are all still happening remotely, with little to no impact on filming and production schedules. 

We qualified for certain
tax credits under the Coronavirus Aid, Relief and Economic Securities Act CARES Act ). During fiscal 2022, we recognized
an employee retention credit ERC for qualified wages paid between January 1, 2021 and March 31, 2021 of 564,000 as an
offset to payroll tax expenses within selling, general and administrative expenses in our consolidated statements of operations. To date
we have received a total of 564,000. 

Business Description 

In fiscal 2022, our principal businesses
consisted of: 

IDWP, a publishing company that creates comic books, graphic novels and digital content through its imprints: IDW, Top Shelf Productions and Artist s Editions; and 

IDWE, a production company and studio that develops, produces and distributes content based on IDWP s original, copyrighted IP, published in the form of comic books, graphic novels and any other forms of print publication, for a variety of formats including film and television. 

In calendar 2021, the Company wound down
IDW Games and, going forward, IDW Games is only backfilling final orders and reproducing select existing products. 

IDW Publishing 

There are two primary sources of the content that IDWP develops, publishes,
and exploits across a range of distribution channels: 

Original, creator-owned material that marks its debut to
the consuming public via IDWP s published products, inclusive of IDW Originals and Top Shelf Creator Content and 

Third-Party
 content that has already been successfully exploited in other media with partners such as Paramount Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles,
 Star Trek ), Hasbro My Little Pony, Dungeons Dragons ), Sega Sonic and with companies including DC Comics
 and Marvel on our Artist s Editions Licensed Content ). 

IDWP s largest
product group is the publication of comic book and trade paperback products. Its comics and graphic novels are primarily distributed through
three channels: (i) to comic book specialty stores (the direct market (ii) to traditional retail outlets, including bookstores
and mass market stores, on a returnable basis (the non-direct market and (iii) to E-book distributors digital
publishers ). IDWP s publications are widely available digitally through popular distributors such as Comixology, Amazon,
Apple iBooks, Google Play, Hoopla, Overdrive, and via IDWP s own webstore at idwpublishing.com. Through the direct market and non-direct
market, IDWP, including its imprints sold over 3.9 million units in fiscal 2022 and is regularly recognized as one of the nation s
largest publishers in the comics graphic novels category. 

3 

IDWP s focus is to expand and market its
library of titles, from both creator-owned titles in our IDW and Top Shelf brands; and also, in partnership with our top-of-class licensors
under our IDW brand. IDWP works synergistically with IDWE to develop new titles and to support existing titles. 

IDWP is an award-winning
publisher of comic books, original graphic novels, and art books. Founded in 1999, IDWP has a long tradition of supporting original,
powerful creator-driven titles. In 2002, IDWP published 30 Days of Night by Steve Niles and Ben Templesmith followed
by other horror titles that helped kickstart a resurgence in horror-comic publishing across the industry. Since then, IDWP has significantly
diversified its publications. Joe Hill and Gabriel Rodr guez s Locke Key , Jonathan Maberry s V
Wars , Beau Smith s Wynonna Earp , Alan Robert s The Beauty of Horror adult coloring books,
and Darwyn Cooke s graphic novel adaptations of Richard Stark s Parker novels are just a few of the hundreds
of award-winning titles published since its inception. 

IDWP owns Top Shelf Productions,
an award-winning critically acclaimed publisher of graphic novels. Top Shelf Productions is renowned for publishing works of literary
significance including the #1 New York Times and Washington Post bestselling trilogy , March ,
by Congressman John Lewis, Andrew Aydin, and Nate Powell. March is the only graphic novel to have won the National Book
Award and is one of the most taught graphic novels in schools. In July 2019, Top Shelf Productions released George Takei s graphic
memoir, They Called Us Enemy , which debuted at #2 on the New York Times Paperback Nonfiction Best Sellers
list and as a #1 bestseller on Amazon. Both titles are now perennial bestsellers and considered two of the finest non-fiction graphic
novels. Other iconic Top Shelf Productions titles include Kim Dwinell s Surfside Girls , Jeff Lemire s Essex
County and The Underwater Welder , Hannah Templer s Cosmoknights , and Alan Moore and Eddie Campbell s
 From Hell . 

In addition to its
core of creator-driven franchises, IDWP has also partnered with the owners of major licensed brands to publish many successful
licensed titles, including Paramount Global s Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles and Star Trek; 
Hasbro s Dungeons Dragons, and My Little Pony ; Sega s Sonic The Hedgehog ;
 and Toho s Godzilla . These licensed titles bring with them diverse built-in audiences and build cache and
retailer support for IDWP. With licensed franchises, IDWP s strategy is to focus not only on licenses that have eager,
built-in fan followings, but also ongoing licensor support through other channels, such as toys, animation, and film. This strategy
enables IDWP to expand its audience reach and to pursue sub-license opportunities with foreign publishers. IDWP also collaborates
with other comic book publishers to co-publish certain titles, including Batman vs. Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles and Locke
 Key/The Sandman Universe: Hell Gone (with DC Comics), Rick Morty vs. Dungeons 
Dragons (with Oni Press, Inc.) and Godzilla vs. Power Rangers (with Boom Studios). 

IDW Originals, launched
in July 2022, is a line of original comics and graphic novels from a diverse lineup of writers and artists creating content across all
genres and for all age groups. IDW Originals works with top-tier talent including New York Times bestselling writers
like Scott Snyder on Dark Spaces: Wildfire , Stephen Graham Jones on Earthdivers , and G. Willow Wilson on The
Hunger and the Dusk , in addition to up-and-coming talent with the goal of creating the bestsellers of tomorrow. IDW Originals is
also focused on creating IP that can be exploited across multiple media platforms. 

IDWP is also home to
Artist s Editions, which publishes oversized deluxe hardcovers featuring scans of original art printed at the same size they were
drawn with the distinctive creative nuances that make original art unique. Some of the standout Artist s Editions titles include Jim Lee s X-Men, Mike Mignola s Hellboy , Todd McFarlane s Spider-Man, David Mazzucchelli s
 Daredevil Born Again and Dave Stevens The Rocketeer . 

Many of IDWP s titles are available
worldwide through foreign licensing with 642 titles available in approximately 62 territories in approximately 24 languages. In 2020,
IDW launched a new initiative to release key titles as Spanish-language graphic novels in the North American market with the release of
Spanish-language editions of They Called Us Enemy , Red Panda Moon Bear , Locke 
Key and Sonic the Hedgehog . 

4 

IDWP is a party to an agreement with Penguin Random
House PRH ), that was amended in June 2021 (and became effective in June 2022) and has a term until March 31, 2024. Pursuant
to the agreement, as amended, PRH serves as the exclusive worldwide distributor for all IDWP products other than periodical comic books
for the non-direct market channel and since June 2022, as the exclusive worldwide multi-year sales and distributor for IDWP s newly
published and backlist comic book periodicals, trade collections, and graphic novels to the direct market comic shops. Pursuant to the
agreement, as amended, PRH also (1) provides warehousing, customer service, order fulfillment, shipping, returns processing, billing/collections,
customer credit management, sales, sales reporting, stock control and Web-access to sales and inventory information for IDWP s single
issue comic books and other products manufactured by IDWP and intended for distribution to the direct market and (2) maintains and operate
a .biz retailer website for the provision of such services to IDWP. 

The agreement obligates PRH to, among other things,
use reasonable skill and care in accordance with its usual practice in providing the services; and maintain a reserve against future
returns. The agreement provides for the allocation of risk related to the products to be distributed between IDWP and PRH and related
to collection of amounts owing. 

The agreement provides that neither IDWP nor
PRH will be liable to each other for failure to perform any obligation under the agreement to the extent that and so long as the failure
is caused matters beyond their control. 

The agreement also provides that either party
may terminate the agreement upon a material or persistent uncured breach by the other party, or, on six months notice following
a change of control of either party or party s parent. 

The agreement also contains customary indemnification
and confidentiality provisions. 

Prior to June 2022, Diamond Comic Distributors,
Inc. Diamond served as IDWP s distributor to the direct market, worldwide. IDWP works together with PRH to sell-in
and promote IDWP titles to buyers at non-direct market customers such as Amazon, Barnes Noble, Baker Taylor, Ingram, Follett,
Target, Walmart, and more. Additionally, IDWP sells an assortment of titles directly to Scholastic Book Fairs and Clubs, which Scholastic
purchases on an ad hoc basis. 

In 2014, IDWP launched IDW Games to develop and
publish card, board, and tabletop games. Similar to IDWP s book content, IDW Games offered a mix of popular licensed titles such
as Dragon Ball Z and Batman the Animated Series , as well as creator developed strategic hobby games, such
as Towers of Arkhanos and Tonari . IDW Games products were sold to distributors worldwide and are available
through retailers such as GameStop, Barnes Noble, and Amazon, independent games, and comics stores, as well as the direct-to-consumer
channel through its website and marketing campaigns. In calendar 2021, the Company wound down IDW Games and, going forward, IDW Games
is only backfilling final orders and reproducing select existing products. 

To further expand and build creator-owned properties
beyond publishing, IDWP works with IDWE, as well as other outside partners, to bring creator-owned franchises to television and film through
licensing arrangements. 

To expand its business and compete with other
industry participants, IDWP continues to focus on launching new creator-owned titles and partnering with established brands to bring fan-favorite
properties to the comics market. IDWP is expanding the reach of existing and new products through the development of specialty, library,
and education markets; increased direct-to-consumer initiatives; and broadening the reach of creator-driven series through licensing opportunities. 

IDWP s revenues represented 71.6 and
78 of our consolidated revenues in fiscal 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

IDW Entertainment 

IDWE is a production company and studio that develops,
produces and distributes content based on IDWP s original, copyrighted IP, published in the form of comic books, graphic novels
and any other forms of print publication, for a variety of formats including film and television. 

IDWE was formed on September
20, 2013 to leverage IDWP properties into television series, features, and other forms of media by developing and producing original content.
IDWE maintains a development slate of properties based on IDWP properties for the adult series/features marketplace and the kids, family,
and animation spaces. 

5 

IDWE has developed and/or
produced a number of series for television: 

Wynonna Earp season four aired
 in two parts on SyFy due to worldwide COVID-19-related production shutdowns. The first six episodes of season four premiered July
 26, 2020 and the second half of season four began airing March 5, 2021. The show was created by Emily Andras and stars Melanie
 Scrofano and is based on the IDWP comics of Beau Smith of the same name. Season four s twelve episodes were produced by
 Seven24 Films and distributed by IDWE, in partnership with Syfy and CTV Sci-Fi. Cineflix Studios is the co-producer and global
 distributor for the series. Season one s thirteen episodes aired in fiscal 2016, season two s twelve episodes aired in
 fiscal 2017, and season three s twelve episodes aired in fiscal 2018. 

V Wars debuted on Netflix on
 December 5, 2019. The 10-episode vampire thriller stars Ian Somerhalder and was produced by High Park Entertainment. The series
 was based upon Jonathan Maberry s IDWP comic book series of the same name . Some
 rights to IDWE s streaming genre series V Wars reverted back to IDW in 2022; as a result, we will be exploring
 opportunities to monetize the past season and potential opportunities to continue the story with a new partner. 

October Faction premiered on
Netflix on January 23, 2020. The 10-episode show was based on the IDWP comics of Steve Niles and Damien Worm of the same name
and was adapted by showrunner Damian Kindler and starred Tamara Taylor and
J.C. MacKenzie. It was also produced by High Park Entertainment. 

Locke Key premiered on Netflix on February
7, 2020. The show is based on the critically acclaimed graphic novels of the same name of Joe Hill and Gabriel Rodriguez published by
IDWP. Season two premiered October 22, 2021, landing in the Top 10 on Netflix s global TV charts
in over 81 countries, and season three premiered August 10, 2022 on Netflix. 

Surfside Girls is based on the Top Shelf graphic novel of the same name and premiered on August 19, 2022 on Apple TV+. All ten episodes of the live action kids series premiered in over 80 countries worldwide on the Apple TV platform. 

Business Model 

While in the past, IDWE
focused on television development and financing production opportunities, a broadening of our strategic goals has evolved to focus on
lower risk investments as well as developing IP for feature film and podcast opportunities. As was the case with Surfside Girls ,
IDWE provided co-studio services which enabled us to utilize our studio partners infrastructure to support the needs of productions
while reducing our own risk. We have also diversified our position by acting as non-writing executive producers on current and future
projects which allows us to secure fees for our services while minimizing costs. With more varied opportunities for our content/IP, we
expect to grow our brand, expand the perception of IDWE, increase revenue opportunities for the publishing side of the business and develop
a more robust entertainment footprint. 

The path to greenlighting
a project can take many routes, but the two most common include internal development and partnering with established studios and streamers.
For internal development, IDWE partners with established television and film talent to develop pitches based on our IP, then takes those
pitches to buyers. Buyers who want to partner on IDWE s pitches will enter into a deal to commission a pilot script or feature screenplay,
which will be the determining factor of a series or feature film being greenlit. In the second scenario, IDWE may option what s
called clean IP (projects without any attachments or development with talent) to a buyer/production partner and develop/package a series
or feature. While this scenario may require more work between IDWE and the buyer to develop a concept for adaptation, the advantage is
that IDWE is doing this in tandem with the buyer or platform guaranteeing that what is developed is strategically what they are
looking for. 

6 

Co-Development Model 

In addition to IDWE leveraging
IDWP s original releases for media spinoffs and adaptation, IDWE has begun sourcing TV series and feature ideas from established
show runners and writer/directors; then bringing these ideas to IDWP. Where both of our segments see an opportunity, we can develop both
a comic book/graphic novel and prepare a series or feature pitch concurrently. We believe that there is an appeal in the entertainment
industry for this model by talent and producing partners. With more than five of these properties already in negotiation, we previously
announced the first entitled Family Time . 

Family Time is
co-created by showrunners Matt Silverstein and Dave Jeser, who are known for creating Drawn Together , and running shows like Solar
Opposites and an upcoming untitled show with Jimmy Kimmel for ABC. IDWE plans to pitch the series in March/April of 2023 and the comic
book is expected to be released in August 2023. 

IDWE s revenues represented 28.4 and 22.0 of our consolidated
revenues in the fiscal years ended October 31, 2022 and October 31, 2021, respectively. 

CTM (Discontinued operations) 

As a result of the economic downturn related to
the COVID-19 pandemic, and the impact it had on CTM, we decided to sell CTM and focus on our entertainment and publishing businesses. 
On February 15, 2021 the sale was consummated and CTM is only consolidated until the sale date with the gain reflected separately in the
consolidated statement of operations. Pursuant to a Stock Purchase Agreement dated as of July 14, 2020, we sold all of the stock of CTM
to an assignee of Howard S. Jonas, our Chairman and Chairman of the Board, in exchange for (i) the cancelation of 3.75 million of indebtedness
owed to the Mr. Jonas designee, (ii) a contingent payment of up to 3.25 million based upon a recovery of quarterly revenues of
CTM to 90 of its fiscal 2019 levels during the 18-month period following the CTM Sale Date (which condition was not met), and (iii)
a contingent payment if CTM is sold within 36 months of the CTM Sale Date for more than 4.5 million. 

Our Strategy 

We have a long-standing publication business reaching
various segments and audiences. IDWE is able to create television and video entertainment based upon IDWP s solid content foundation.
IDWP and IDWE work together to optimize the financial return of the IP which we control. 

IDW s strategic focus is to nurture, support
and partner with both already successful and also up and coming new voices to bring their comic books and graphic novels to the widest
audience possible. 

IDWP seeks to build a robust, original slate
of properties that not only gives creators the opportunity to realize their unique visions, but to establish IDWP as the Partner
of Choice so we see and secure under contract the best opportunities from the creative community. 

In addition, IDWP s
goal is to continue publishing a diverse list of titles and products which can leverage the strength of our known IP names and partnerships
and drive maximum revenue against our core list, while also continuing to bring new IP to the table. 

IDWE seeks to take the
IDWP deep catalog of comic book and graphic novel IP and turn them into television, film and podcast entertainment. 

With IDWP and IDWE working together, IDW
strives to build our most valuable asset, which is our relationships with the creators and their IP visions. The more successful IDW
is for them, the more IDW becomes the Partner of Choice for the creative community. 

IDWE seeks to turn IP into television and other
video entertainment. Among our partners are streaming services as well as traditional broadcast and other networks and other content services.
To date, IDWE has sold projects to Hulu, Syfy, BBC America, Netflix and AppleTV+. A multitude of additional IPs have been optioned. The
Company does not currently fund production. 

We believe that our potential projects would
be attractive to a broad range of potential distribution channels and participants. 

We are increasingly focused on attempting to increase
our ownership positions in the IP which we distribute. In coming years, we believe that these ownership positions will be accretive and
provide greater library value for IDW. 

7 

Competition 

IDW competes with companies such as, BOOM and
Dark Horse companies who are leveraging their IP on the publishing side for media adaptation opportunities. 

IDWE competes with all forms of entertainment.
A significant number of companies produce and/or distribute television shows and films and provide pay television and streaming services.
IDWE also competes to obtain creative talents and story properties that are essential to the success of our IDWE business. 

Competitive Advantages/ Disadvantages 

IDW believes that its competitive advantages include
that it is one of the few fully integrated publishing companies whose strategic mandates guarantee that we will not publish a project
that doesn t also grant us the entertainment rights. IDWP has the opportunity to take advantage of some of our competition s
title count reduction to claim more of the market share in both the direct market and the non-direct market, as we increase our SKU counts
against our key licensed properties. 

While companies like DC and Marvel have a long
history in the business and a deep catalog of superhero IP, their flexibility to try new genres and expand the diversity of their slate
is more limited than that of IDW. They re beholden to a history and canon that they can t often diverge from. IDW, however,
is in a position to publish new, original and creative concepts that could be the next big hit. Our opportunities to create and release
new and exciting visions is a significant upside. However, this can also be a disadvantage in a world where some buyers are only interested
in adapting already-known concepts and characters. 

Finally, perception can be helpful in growing
the business opportunities. IDWE has, over the last fiscal year, set up many projects at major buyers and streamers, further establishing
how active we are in the film and television business. As a result, there are more incoming opportunities and a desire on behalf of major
companies to work with us on adapting our IP into new entertainment properties. 

The success of our operations is heavily dependent upon public taste
and preferences which can be unpredictable at times. In addition, operating results fluctuate due to the timing and performance of releases
in the television and book markets. 

Intellectual Property 

IDWP enters into publishing agreements with owners of either Creator
Content or Licensed Content (collectively Content pursuant to which IDWP licenses the right to exploit such Content Publishing
Agreements ). 

IDWP s Publishing Agreements grant to IDWP
exclusive, long term, worldwide rights to publish and sell the Content in all languages via traditional channels such as print and digital
comics, graphic novels, and trade collections, and niche channels such as coloring books, audio on demand, and high-end limited-edition
publications Publishing Rights ). 

A smaller percentage of Publishing Agreements
cover a more limited range of licensed rights in order to accommodate pre-existing products and markets already established by licensors
such as foreign publishers seeking to have IDWP publish an English only version, Licensed Content owners seeking expansion into niche
markets that can be more successfully exploited by IDWP and establish authors who have already enjoyed publishing success prior to partnering
with IDWP. 

Many of IDWP s Publishing Agreements that are Creator Content
focused also grant to IDWP exclusive film, television, merchandising, and other ancillary worldwide rights in all formats, languages,
and current and future media and delivery technologies Ancillary Rights that can then be exploited through IDWE or otherwise. 

IDWP exploits the Publishing Rights via sales to comic book specialty
stores, traditional retail outlets, and direct to consumers, and via sublicenses to digital distribution platforms and foreign territory
sub-publishers. 

IDWP exploits the Ancillary Rights primarily via its relationship
with IDWE, but also through other third-party buyers. 

IDWP has registered and owns domain names that it uses to digitally
promote and sell its products. It also has trademarked its name and logo, as well as the name and logo of its Top Shelf Productions imprint. 

IDWP's business model is evolving from placing more emphasis on
Licensed Content and limited Ancillary Rights to developing a larger catalog of Creator Content and a full range of Ancillary Rights in
combination with a more selective slate of Licensed Content. 

8 

COVID-19 Guiding Principles 

IDW follows all state, local, and federal Centers for Disease Control
and Prevention CDC public guidelines. To the extent possible, physical distancing shall be maintained. When physical
distancing is impractical, other risk-mitigating measures shall be taken as described below. 

Regular,
 periodic testing of employees for COVID-19. 

Universal
 symptom monitoring, including temperature screening. 

Appropriate
 Personal Protective Equipment PPE will be provided to employees. 

Infection
 prevention measures have been developed and applied, including, enhanced sanitation (high-touch
 wipe down, disinfection of equipment), and hand hygiene (increased alcohol-based hand sanitizer) 

Employees 

As of January, 17, 2023, the Company had 84 full-time
United States employees and 1 part-time employee, including 67 full-time employees and 1 part-time employee at IDWP, 7 full-time employees
at IDWE, and 10 full-time employees at IDW Media Holdings. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors. 

RISK FACTORS 

Our business, operating results or financial
condition could be materially adversely affected by any of the following risks associated with any one of our businesses, as well as
the other risks highlighted elsewhere in this document. The trading price of our common stock could decline due to any of these risks.
Note that references to our , us , we , the Company , etc. used in each risk factor
below refers to the business about which such risk factor is provided. 

Risks Associated with Our Businesses 

We have a history of continued operating
losses at IDWE and IDWP and cannot be certain of our future profitability. 

We had accumulated a net deficit through October
31, 2022, of approximately 81.5 million . Prior to the CTM Sale, which closed on February 15, 2021, and until the start
of the COVID-19 pandemic in March 2020, we often used cash flows from CTM to partially provide funding for corporate overhead and for
our IDWP and IDWE operations. In fiscal 2022, on a consolidated basis, the Company had negative cash flows of 7.5 million. In fiscal
2021, the Company on a consolidated level generated positive cash flow of 5.4 million, as a result of net proceeds from the offering
closed on August 6, 2021, of 9.4 million. 

We may incur losses in
the foreseeable future as we invest in our IDWE and IDWP businesses and operations. IDWE s revenues depend on the delivery of properties
and provision of services, which can vary significantly from period to period and be unpredictable. While in certain prior periods, our
Chairman of the Board from time to time provided us with financing on favorable terms and conditions, there is no guarantee that we will
be able to secure financing from our Chairman of the Board or other sources in the future, or, if available, the terms on which such financing
may be provided. The time required for us to become profitable is uncertain, and there can be no assurance that we will obtain the financing
required or achieve profitability on a sustained basis, if at all. We expect that our results of operations may also fluctuate significantly
in the future as a result of a variety of factors, including, without limitation: the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, the ability to
sell comic books, graphic novels, television and other media related sales to minimize the lag from negotiations to then sell in various
theater forms as noted above with a quick enough turn around rate to establish profitability; our ability to attract, retain and motivate
qualified personnel; specific economic conditions in the entertainment and publishing markets; and general economic conditions. 

We will likely need additional capital to sustain our operations
and will likely need to seek further financing to accelerate our growth, which we may not be able to obtain on acceptable terms or at
all. If we are unable to raise additional capital, as needed, the future growth of our business and operations would be severely limited. 

A factor limiting our growth, including our ability
to enter our proposed markets, attract customers, and develop and deliver our products, is our limited capitalization overall and as compared
to other companies in the industry. To sustain our operations, we will rely heavily on the stability and predictability from the publishing
business. As these contracts can span out years into the future it allows us to have predictable cash flows and operating stability. 

If we are unable to generate sufficient revenue
and profits from our operations, we may decide to seek additional financing. It is possible we may need additional capital to bring our
operations to a sustainable level over the next 15 months. In fiscal 2022, we raised 0, in fiscal 2021, we raised gross proceeds of 10,350,000
and in fiscal 2020 we raised gross proceeds of 12,300,000 inclusive of 4 million debt-to-equity conversion in equity financing. We believe
that, in addition to the capital raised thus far, we may require up to an additional 7 to 10 million to satisfy our operating cash needs
for the next 36 months after the raise. The above is premised on current operating metrics as we are aiming to become cash positive in
2024. However, there is no guarantee we will achieve our goal. 

9 

We may also seek additional financing to accelerate our growth. If
we raise additional funds through the issuance of equity or convertible debt securities, the percentage ownership of the Company held
by existing shareholders will be reduced and our shareholders may experience significant dilution. In addition, new securities
may contain rights, preferences or privileges that are senior to those of our Class B common stock. If we raise additional
capital by incurring debt, this will result in increased interest expense. There can be no assurance that acceptable financing
necessary to further implement our plan of operation can be obtained on suitable terms, if at all. Our ability to develop our
business could suffer if we are unable to raise additional funds on acceptable terms, which would have the effect of limiting our ability
to increase our revenues, develop our products, attain profitable operations, which could result in a significant or complete loss of
your investment. 

Public health threats could have an adverse
effect on the Company s operations and financial results. 

In early 2020, the spread of the COVID-19 virus resulted in a worldwide
pandemic. We are actively monitoring the COVID-19 pandemic, the restrictive measures imposed to combat its spread and their potential
and actual impact on each of our operating segments. While we believe that currently there has been significant improvement due to global
and domestic vaccination efforts, we cannot predict the ongoing impact, if any, of COVID-19 related to both known and unknown risks,
including future quarantines, closures and other restrictions resulting from the outbreak, and our operations and our customers and partners
may continue to be impacted. 

In April 2020, as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, IDWP s
direct-market distributor paused the release of new product, including IDWP s, although such operations were subsequently restarted.
Many retailers experienced closures, reduced operations, or de-prioritization of entertainment products, such as books and games, throughout
the COVID-19 pandemic resulting in decreased sales of certain of IDWP s products. 

COVID-19 continues to impact domestic and international
printing and shipping. Costs are beginning to level off as of the end of 2022 and the strain on the logistics network is easing, but prices
and timing are still considerably higher than the pre-pandemic levels. 

Additional closures, restrictions, or virus spikes could have a further
negative impact on IDWP s distribution channels and retail customers. We are unable to accurately predict the full impact that
the COVID-19 pandemic will have on distributions, purchasing, sales, returns, cash receipts and overall revenue. 

The COVID-19 pandemic resulted in the production of television shows
being periodically suspended depending on local governmental authorities and regulatory requirements in place at any given time. Due
to various uncertainties, including the ultimate geographic spread of the virus, the rise of variants that may occur, the severity
of the disease, the duration of the outbreak, and actions that may be taken by governmental authorities, further production risks could
arise. 

For all these reasons, the COVID-19 pandemic could have a material
adverse impact on our business and financial results. 

Any loss of key personnel and the inability
to attract and retain qualified employees could have a material adverse impact on our operations. 

We are dependent on the
continued services of key executives. The departure of key personnel without adequate replacement could severely disrupt our business
operations. Additionally, we need qualified managers and skilled employees with industry experience to operate our businesses successfully.
From time to time there may be shortages of skilled labor which may make it more difficult and expensive for us to attract and retain
qualified employees. If we are unable to attract and retain qualified individuals or our costs to do so increase significantly, our operations
would be materially adversely affected. 

Risks Related to IDWP 

IDWP depends on one main distributor for its direct market and
non-direct market publications and such dependence subjects IDWP to the risk that such distributor may be unable to perform its obligations
to IDWP. 

Historically, IDWP depended
on Diamond and PRH, to distribute the vast majority of its publications. With the June 2022 change to PRH as IDWP s direct market
distributor, Diamond is now the company s largest customer in that sales channel, as they have now become a wholesale client of PRH for
IDWP products. 

10 

PRH has distributed substantially all of
IDWP s products to non-direct market accounts (i.e., bookstores, libraries, mass market) and, commencing in June 2022 began distributing
to all of IDWP s direct market accounts. Should PRH fail to perform its distribution obligations under the applicable distribution
agreement or to experience financial difficulties that would hinder performance, distribution to the direct or non-direct market, respectively,
would be significantly impaired in the short term, and IDWP s ability to distribute and receive proceeds from its publications
would be impaired which would have a material adverse impact on our business, prospects and financial condition. 

IDWP may not be able to respond to
changing consumer preferences and its sales may decline. 

IDWP operates in highly competitive markets
that are subject to rapid change, including changes in customer preferences. There are substantial uncertainties associated with IDWP s
efforts to develop successful publications and products for its customers. New fads, trends, and shifts in popular culture could affect
the type of creative media consumers will purchase. Content in which IDWP has invested significant resources may fail to attract significant
consumer demand at the time it is published. IDWP regularly makes significant investments in new products that may not be profitable,
or whose profitability may be significantly lower than IDWP has experienced historically. A loss in sales due to the foregoing could
have a material adverse effect on IDWP s business, prospects and financial condition. 

IDWP s publications may be less
successful than anticipated. 

IDWP cannot accurately
predict the commercial success of any of its publications because the revenue derived from the distribution of a publication depends primarily
upon its acceptance by the public, which cannot be accurately predicted. The commercial success of a publication also depends upon the
public s acceptance of competing publications, critical reviews, the availability of alternative forms of entertainment and leisure
time activities, piracy and unauthorized distribution of publications, general economic conditions, and other tangible and intangible
factors, none of which can be predicted with certainty. Additionally, if the movies or television programs that IDWP licenses are not
successful, or if the characters that IDWP licenses lose some of their popularity, IDWP s ability to sell publications based on
such characters would decline, which could have a material adverse effect on IDWP s business, prospects and financial condition. 

Significant returns of IDWP products
sold to mass market stores may have a material impact on IDWP s cash flow. 

Through its distribution
arrangement with PRH, IDWP sells its publications to bookstores, such as Barnes Noble, in which PRH allows to be on a fully returnable
basis. As a result, these customers can return publications to PRH for credit, which in turn is charged back to IDWP. There is no time
limit on the customers right to return publications distributed to them. In addition to IDWP being charged back the wholesale cost
of the publications, IDWP also incurs a return processing fee by PRH. Such returns and fees are credited against IDWP s current
sales revenue from PRH, which reduces IDWP s cash flow and operating capital. Product returns are a normal part of book publishing
and IDWP estimates and records a reserve for such returns based on its return history and current trends that are expected to continue.
A significant over-estimation of demand for a publication by the mass market bookstores, however, could result in a larger-than-expected
volume of returns that would significantly reduce IDWP s cash flows and operating capital. Further, a general downturn in the economy
may also result in significant returns as bookstores reduce their outstanding debts to improve their own cash flow. Any or all of these
events that result in significant returns in excess of IDWP s estimates could have a material adverse effect on IDWP s revenue,
cash flow and operating results. 

If IDWP fails to maintain positive
relationships with its key licensors, authors, illustrators and other creative talent, as well as to develop relationships with new licensors
and creative talent, its business could be adversely affected. 

IDWP s business
is highly dependent on maintaining strong relationships with the entertainment companies that license their entertainment properties to
IDWP, and with authors, illustrators and other creative talent who produce the products that are sold to IDWP s customers. Any weakening
of these relationships, or the failure to develop successful new relationships, could have an adverse impact on IDWP s business
and financial performance. Effective January 1, 2023, our licenses for Transformers and GI Joe titles terminated. While
the cancellation of the licenses for Transformers and GI Joe are anticipated to decrease revenues by approximately 1.2 million in fiscal
year 2023, IDWP plans to mitigate the loss of revenue by enhancing our other key licensed brands through new initiatives for Star Trek ,
 Godzilla , Dungeons Dragons , and My Little Pony and an expansion of Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles: The Last
Ronin . We expect these efforts to offset any material impact on our gross margin from the loss of the licensed titles. 

11 

IDWP depends on freelance
creators who choose how to spend their time and utilize their talents. It is important for IDWP to maintain strong relationships with
those freelance creators, so they devote their time and talent to IDWP s projects. IDWP s inability to maintain and secure
these relationships could have a material adverse effect on IDWP s business, prospects and financial condition. 

The competitive pressures IDWP faces
in its business could adversely affect its financial performance and growth prospects. 

IDWP is subject to significant competition,
including from other publishers, many of which are substantially larger than IDWP and have much greater resources than it, such as Marvel
Comics and DC Comics. To the extent IDWP cannot meet the challenges from existing or new competitors or develop new product offerings
to meet customer preferences or needs, its revenues and profitability could be materially and adversely affected. 

IDWP cannot control certain publication
delays, cancellations and shipping delays which could adversely affect IDWP s sales and its ability to meet delivery obligations. 

IDWP does not control
the decision to proceed with the production of publications based on characters that it licenses from others, and it does not have full
control of the timing of the releases of those publications, which are often the subject to long and inflexible schedules. Disruptions,
delays or cancellations to those schedules (especially those connected to COVID-19-related supply and logistics issues) could cause IDWP
to incur additional costs, miss an anticipated publication date, endure long periods without publishing a publication or all of the above,
which could hurt IDWP s associated licensing programs and business. 

IDWP cannot control the increased industry
costs in shipping, printing and paper which in turn impact profitability. 

Since 2020, the cost of shipping internationally
has increased more than 50 above the long-term trend, established since the last recession in 2004, and is expected to continue to rise
through 2022. Prices are expected to stabilize in 2023, but at a higher rate than previously seen in the industry. The strong
demand for consumer goods is clogging transportation networks worldwide leading to the increased costs to ship internationally. 
Additionally, once on US soil the goods are subject to increased rail or trucking costs, roughly 23 over 2020. Increased capacity
allows transporters to have leverage to continue to increase prices when negotiating contracts, affecting not only trucks and rail, but
also seeping into warehouse costs as the supply-chain bottlenecks continue to squeeze capacity. 

Additionally, rising labor costs are contributing
to the increased costs in transportation, printing, and paper, across the industry. As well as, an influx of publishers moving their
printing to domestic printers, due to the global shipping costs delays, causing domestic prices to rise due to capacity concerns
on press. With a push from the big 5 US Publishers domestic printers are investing heavily in staff and equipment to increase capacity,
but it is not expected to reach the same capacity highs seen in the early 2000 s. This increase in capacity should, however, begin
to create more competition in the domestic printing market, leading to lower prices in both the domestic and overseas markets overall.
The cost of paper has been steadily rising for the last several years due to consolidation of plants and changing operations to accommodate
the consumer shipping industry. However, as of the end of 2022, the paper market has begun to stabilize, and many manufacturers are finally
showing a small percentage of surplus as they prepare for 2023. This surplus suggests price increases should slow through 2023 compared
with the quarterly paper increases seen throughout 2021 and 2022. Foreign paper markets are less affected by the paper market increases
as China is the largest producer of paper in the world. Any increase in such costs will impact the Company s profitability. 

IDWP depends on the internal controls
of its distributor for its financial reporting and revenues. 

Because of PRH s
role as the distributor of IDWP s publications and the fact that much of IDWP s inventory is held at its distributor s
facilities, IDWP depends on the distributors to implement internal controls over financial reporting and to provide IDWP with information
related to those internal controls. PRH s internal controls might not be sufficient to allow IDWP to meet its internal control obligations
or to allow IDWP s management to properly assess those controls. The distributors may fail to cure any internal control deficiencies
related to the publications that it distributes. IDWP may be unable to effectively create compensating controls to detect and prevent
errors or irregularities in the distributors accounting to IDWP and others. Errors in properly tracking publication sales could
also negatively impact IDWP s revenues. 

12 

IDWP might lose sales and revenue because
of piracy of publications. 

With technological advances, the piracy of
publications has increased. Unauthorized and pirated copies of IDWP s publications will reduce the revenue generated by those publications.
If consumers can obtain illegal copies of IDWP s publications and media, IDWP s revenues will decline. IDWP may not be able
to identify or enforce violations of its intellectual property rights and even if legal remedies are available, they could be costly
and drain its financial resources. Accordingly, illegal copying of IDWP s content could negatively affect its revenues and earnings. 

IDWP s dependence on printers
outside the United States subjects it to the risks of international business. 

IDWP s publications are printed primarily
outside the United States in South Korea, China and Canada. International manufacturing is subject to a number of risks, including fluctuations
and volatility in currency exchange rates, transportation delays and interruptions, political and economic disruptions, the impositions
of tariffs, import and export controls and changes in governmental policies. The impact of changes in currency rates has been especially
heightened by current global economic conditions and significant devaluations of local currencies in comparison to the U.S. Dollar. Although
to date, currency fluctuations have not materially adversely affected IDWP s costs, such fluctuations could materially and adversely
affect IDWP in the future. Further, added tariffs may be imposed on our printing activities outside the United States which could increase
IDWP s costs. Possible increases in costs and delays of, or interferences with, product deliveries could result in losses of revenues,
higher costs, reduced profitability and reductions in the goodwill of IDWP s customers. Additional factors that may adversely affect
IDWP s printing activities outside of the United States and therefore materially and adversely affect the business and financial
results of IDWP include international political situations, uncertain legal systems and applications of law, prejudice against foreigners,
corrupt practices, uncertain economic policies and potential political and economic instability that may be exacerbated in foreign countries. 

Risks Related to IDWE 

IDWE does not control
the decisions to produce shows and relies on outside streamers/studios for greenlighting, and if an insufficient number of our properties
are put into production, our profitability will be significantly impacted. 

Since
IDWE does not finance production for film or television, it ultimately rests on the buyers (specifically streamers and studios) of the
projects we are developing and seeking to produce to both greenlight and finance productions. Our revenues and profitability are thus
dependent on those parties decisions. 

Reduction in budgets
for content could impact our ability to sell television shows which could materially impact revenue and operating results at IDWE. 

Increased competition
coupled with slower growth and huge losses indicated presage that there may be a reduction in the streaming business addressable
market. In an attempt to reduce costs, many streamers reduced the number of employees, and vowed to reduce their content spend. Reduction
in budgets for content could impact our ability to sell TV shows which could materially impact revenue and operating results at IDWE. 

The end of a peak period of investment
could materially impact revenue and operating results at IDWE. 

The entertainment industry
is experiencing reductions in both the number of scripted shows being ordered and the amount spent on content. An emerging decline in
advertising spending is an additional obstacle that may adversely impact our ability to sell our IPs to companies that produce television
content, which could materially impact revenue and operating results at IDWE. 

Viewership and revenue declines in
historically profitable television programming companies limits their ability to purchase our IP. 

The advancing decline in both cable television
and linear broadcast television business models and revenue generation limits their ability to purchase our IP, which could materially
impact revenue and operating results at IDWE. 

Increased costs for programming and
other rights, as well as judgments we make on the potential performance of IDWE s content, may adversely affect IDWE s profits
and balance sheet. 

Due to increased costs
for programming and other rights, IDWE shifted its investment strategy in content during the 2021-2022 calendar years evolving
its strategy to not fully fund or finance the productions of television shows or feature films. While the business model of fully funding
these productions can present significant upside, it is also a major risk. That being said, as a result of being more cost conscious,
IDWE s capital it spends on developing properties for media opportunities could ultimately be exhausted in any given year due to
rising costs of talent and rights. As a result, IDWE might find itself in a position where it is unable to fund additional development
or secure the talent required to take a project forward, and adversely affect its ability to build a significant slate of opportunities
for sales to buyers. 

13 

The competitive pressures IDWE faces
in its business could adversely affect its financial performance and growth prospects. 

IDWE is subject to significant
competition, including from other studios/producers/distributors many of which operate with significantly larger staffs and funding than
IDWE. Competitors include (i) smaller independent studios such as Entertainment One, Blumhouse, iTV, Annapurna and Miramax, (ii) major
independent studios such as Sony TV and Warner Bros TV, (iii) vertically integrated studios such as Twentieth Television, Universal TV,
CBS TV Studios and ABC Studios who develop, distribute and produce original television programming and; (iv) other entertainment divisions
of comic book or graphic novel publishers such as Dark Horse, Oni Press, Image and BOOM who develop and produce television and film based
on their publishing company s slate of IP. To the extent IDWE cannot meet the challenges from existing or new competitors or develop
new product offerings to meet customer preferences or needs, its revenues and profitability could be adversely affected. 

The public health risk of COVID-19
and its impact on productions could adversely affect IDWE s business. 

Multiple television productions of IDWE had
been delayed due to the COVID-19 pandemic. 

Given the potential public health risk of
COVID-19 and related possible imposition of new local, state and federal guidelines limiting the filming and production of our live-action
shows, IDWE could be adversely affected and experience significant production delays or cancellations. Production costs of IDWE shows
may also rise as additional safety protocols related to the COVID-19 pandemic are necessary on the set of these shows. 

Risks
Related to Our Intellectual Property 

The success of our businesses is highly
dependent on the existence and maintenance of intellectual property rights in the publishing and entertainment products and services
we create. 

The value to us of our intellectual property
rights is dependent on the scope and duration of our rights as defined by applicable laws in the United States and abroad and the manner
in which those laws are construed. If those laws are drafted or interpreted in ways that limit the extent or duration of our rights,
or if existing laws are changed, our ability to generate revenue from our intellectual property may decrease, or the cost of obtaining
and maintaining rights may increase. 

The unauthorized use of our intellectual
property may increase the cost of protecting our rights in our intellectual property or reduce our revenues. The unauthorized distribution
and access to content generally continues to be a significant challenge for intellectual property rights holders. Inadequate laws or
weak enforcement mechanisms to protect entertainment industry intellectual property in one country can adversely affect the results of
the Company s operations worldwide, despite the Company s efforts to protect its intellectual property rights. COVID-19 may
increase incentives and opportunities to access content in unauthorized ways, as negative economic conditions coupled with a shift in
government priorities could lead to less enforcement. These developments may require us to devote substantial resources to protecting
our intellectual property against unlicensed use and present the risk of increased losses of revenue as a result of unlicensed distribution
of our content. 

With respect to intellectual property developed
by us and rights acquired by us from others, we are subject to the risk of challenges to our copyright, trademark, and patent rights
by third parties. Successful challenges to our rights in intellectual property may result in increased costs for obtaining rights or
the loss of the opportunity to earn revenue from the intellectual property that is the subject of such challenges . 

Our intellectual property rights may not
be protected, which could adversely affect our consolidated financial position and results of operations. 

A substantial portion of our publications are
protected by copyright, held either in our name, in the name of the author of the work, or in the name of a sponsoring professional society.
Such copyrights protect our exclusive right to publish the work in many countries abroad for specified periods. Our ability to continue
to achieve our expected results depends, in part, upon our ability to protect our intellectual property rights. Our consolidated financial
position and results of operations may be adversely affected by lack of legal and/or technological protections for our intellectual property
in some jurisdictions and markets. 

Failure to adequately protect and enforce our intellectual property
rights could substantially harm our business and operating results . 

The success of our business depends in part on our ability to protect
and enforce our trademarks, copyrights, trade secrets, and other intellectual property rights. We attempt to protect our intellectual
property under trademark, copyright and trade secret laws, and through a combination of confidentiality procedures, contractual provisions
and other methods, all of which offer only limited protection. 

14 

From time to time, legal action by us may be necessary to enforce
our trademarks and other intellectual property rights, to protect our trade secrets, to determine the validity and scope of the intellectual
property rights of others or to defend against claims of infringement or invalidity. Such litigation could result in substantial costs
and diversion of resources, distract management and technical personnel and negatively affect our business, operating results and financial
condition. If we are unable to protect our intellectual property rights, we may find ourselves at a competitive disadvantage to others
who need not incur the additional expense, time and effort required to create the innovative products that have enabled us to be successful
to date. Any inability on our part to adequately protect our intellectual property may have a material adverse effect on our business,
operating results, and financial condition. 

Risk Factors Generally Relating to Us
and Our Class B Common Stock 

There can be no assurances that our Class B common stock
will not be subject to potential delisting if we do not continue to maintain the listing requirements of the NYSE American. 

We are subject to, among other things, our fulfilling all of the listing
requirements of NYSE American. In addition, NYSE American has rules for continued listing, including, without limitation, minimum
market capitalization and other requirements. Failure to maintain our listing (i.e., being de-listed from NYSE American), would make
it more difficult for stockholders to sell our Class B common stock and more difficult to obtain accurate price quotations on our Class
B common stock. This could have an adverse effect on the price of our Class B common stock. Our ability to issue additional securities
for financing or other purposes, or otherwise to arrange for any financing we may need in the future, may also be materially and adversely
affected if our Class B common stock is not traded on a national securities exchange. 

Although we do not intend to utilize
the controlled company exemption that may now or in the future be afforded to us by the NYSE American, we may do so in
the future which could limit or reduce the effectiveness of our corporate governance. 

The Trusts (as defined
below) collectively hold shares that represent approximately 58.6 of the combined voting power of our outstanding stock as of January
17, 2023. See Eight trusts for the benefit of sons and daughters of Howard S. Jonas, our Chairman of the Board of Directors, hold
shares that, in the aggregate, represent more than a majority of the combined voting power of our outstanding capital stock, which may
limit the ability of other stockholders to affect our management , below, and Holders of our Class B common stock have significantly
less voting power than holders of our Class C common stock , below. 

Although we do not believe it to be the case
currently, as a result of our current ownership by the Trusts or otherwise we may now or in the future qualify for the exceptions from
the NYSE American s corporate governance listing requirements available to us because we are a controlled company 
as defined in section 801(a) of the NYSE American Company Guide. Among other things, a controlled company may exempt itself
from the requirement that (i) a majority of its directors be independent directors, (ii) its Compensation Committee, Corporate Governance
Committee and/or Nominating Committee be comprised entirely of independent directors, and (iii) the Company not have a single Nominating/Corporate
Governance Committee. 

If we currently or in the future qualify
as a controlled company, we do not intend to rely on any applicable exceptions from the NYSE American s corporate
governance listing requirements available to us because we are at that time a controlled company. However, there can be
no assurance that we will not in the future, if at that time we are a controlled company, rely on any or all of the exceptions
from the NYSE American s corporate governance listing requirements available to us because we are a controlled company. 
If we do rely on any or all of the exceptions from the NYSE American s corporate governance listing requirements because we are
then a controlled company, the effectiveness of our corporate governance could be limited or reduced. 

Our multi-class structure may render
our shares ineligible for inclusion in certain stock market indices, and thus adversely affect the share price of our Class B common
stock and its liquidity. 

We have issued and outstanding shares of
Class B common stock and shares of Class C common stock. Our multi-class structure may render our shares ineligible for inclusion in
certain stock market indices, which may adversely affect the share price of our Class B common stock and its liquidity. 

15 

There is a limited trading market for
shares of our Class B common stock and stockholders may find it difficult to sell our shares. 

Our Class B common stock may be subject to
the penny stock rules that impose additional sales practice requirements on broker-dealers who sell such securities to persons other
than established customers and accredited investors. The SEC regulations generally define a penny stock to be an equity that has a market
price of less than 5.00 per share, subject to certain exceptions. If we do not retain a listing on NYSE American and if the price of
our Class B common stock is less than 5.00, our Class B common stock will be deemed a penny stock. Unless an exception is available,
those regulations require the delivery, prior to any transaction involving a penny stock, of a disclosure schedule explaining the penny
stock market and the risks associated therewith and impose various sales practice requirements on broker-dealers who sell penny stocks
to persons other than established customers and accredited investors (generally institutions and high net worth individuals). In addition,
the broker-dealer must provide the customer with current bid and offer quotations for the penny stock, the compensation of the broker-dealer
and its salesperson in the transaction and monthly account statements showing the market value of each penny stock held in the customer s
account. Moreover, broker-dealers who recommend such securities to persons other than established customers and accredited investors
must make a special written suitability determination for the purchaser and receive the purchaser s written agreement to transactions
prior to sale. Regulations on penny stocks could limit the ability of broker-dealers to sell our Class B common stock and thus the ability
of purchasers of our Class B common stock to sell their shares in the secondary market. 

We cannot predict the extent to which investor interest in us and
our Class B common stock will lead to the development or continuance of an active trading market or how liquid that trading market for
our Class B common stock might become. If an active trading market for our Class B common stock does not develop or is not sustained,
it may be difficult for investors to sell shares, particularly large quantities, of our Class B common stock at a price that is attractive
or at all. As a result, an investment in our Class B common stock may be illiquid and investors may not be able to liquidate
their investment readily or at all when they desire to sell. 

There is limited liquidity in our Class B common stock, which
may adversely affect your ability to sell your shares of our Class B common stock. 

The market price of our Class B common stock may fluctuate significantly
in response to a number of factors, some of which are beyond our control. These factors include, but are not limited to: 

developments
concerning intellectual property rights and regulatory approvals relating to us; 

quarterly
variations in our business and financial results or the business and financial results of our competitors; 

the
ability or inability of us to generate increases in revenue and operate profitably; 

the
ability or inability of us to raise capital, if needed, and the terms and conditions associated with any such raising of capital; 

developments
in our industry and target markets; 

the
number of market makers who are willing to continue to make a market in our stock and the market or exchange on which they decide
to make a market in our stock; 

our
ability to have our Class B common stock continue to be listed on the NYSE American; and 

general
market conditions and other factors, including factors unrelated to our own operating performance. 

In recent years, the stock market in general has experienced extreme
price and volume fluctuations. Continued market fluctuations could result in extreme volatility in the price of shares of our Class B
common stock, which could cause a decline in the value of our shares. Price volatility may be accentuated if trading volume of our Class
B common stock is low, which historically has often been the case. The volatility in our Class B stock may be combined with
low trading volume. Any or all of these above factors could adversely affect your ability to sell your shares of our Class
B common stock or, if you are able to sell your shares, to sell your shares at a price that you determine to be fair or favorable. 

16 

We have no future plans to pay dividends on our Class B common
stock. 

We do not pay, and do
not intend to pay, cash dividends on our Class B common stock. We currently intend to retain all available funds and any future earnings
for use in the operation and expansion of our businesses and do not anticipate paying any cash dividends in the foreseeable future. In
addition, the terms of our current, as well as any future, financing agreements may preclude us from paying any dividends. As a result,
capital appreciation, if any, of our Class B common stock will be investors sole source of potential gain for the foreseeable future. 

We are a smaller reporting company 
and an emerging growth company and we cannot be certain if the reduced disclosure requirements applicable to smaller reporting
companies and emerging growth companies will make our Class B common stock less attractive to investors. 

We are a smaller reporting company, 
as defined in Rule 12b-2 under the Exchange Act, and we may take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements
that are applicable to other public companies, including emerging growth companies such as, but not limited to, not being
required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations
regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding
advisory vote on executive compensation and stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. Our status
as a smaller reporting company is determined on an annual basis. We cannot predict if investors will find our Class B common
stock less attractive or our company less comparable to certain other public companies because we will rely on these exemptions. For
example, if we do not adopt a new or revised accounting standard, our future financial results may not be as comparable to the financial
results of certain other companies in our industry that adopted such standards. If some investors find our Class B common stock less
attractive as a result, there may be a less active trading market for our Class B common stock and our stock price may be more volatile. 

If we fail to implement and maintain an effective system of
internal controls, we may be unable to accurately report our results of operations, meet our reporting obligations or prevent fraud.

We qualify as an emerging
growth company as defined in the Jumpstart our Business Startups Act of 2012, or the JOBS Act. An emerging growth company may take
advantage of reduced reporting and other burdens that are otherwise applicable generally to public companies. These provisions include: 

an
extended transition period to comply with new or revised accounting standards applicable to public companies; and 

an
exemption from the auditor attestation requirement in the assessment of our internal control over financial reporting pursuant to the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

We may take advantage of these provisions
until the end of our fiscal year 2026, or such earlier time that we are no longer an emerging growth company and, if we do, the information
that we provide stockholders may be different than you might receive from other public companies in which you hold equity. We would cease
to be an emerging growth company if we have more than 1.07 billion in annual revenue, have more than 700 million in market value of
our shares of common stock held by non-affiliates, or issue more than 1.0 billion of non-convertible debt over a three-year period. 

In addition, if we no
longer qualify as an emerging growth company, and are considered an accelerated filer, our independent registered public accounting firm
must attest to and report on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. Our management may conclude that our
internal control over financial reporting is not effective. Moreover, even if our management concludes that our internal control over
financial reporting is effective, our independent registered public accounting firm, after conducting its own independent testing, may
issue a report that is qualified if it is not satisfied with our internal controls or the level at which our controls are documented,
designed, operated or reviewed, or if it interprets the relevant requirements differently from us. In addition, after we become a public
company, our reporting obligations may place a significant strain on our management, operational and financial resources and systems for
the foreseeable future. We may be unable to timely complete our evaluation testing and any required remediation. 

17 

During the course of documenting and testing
our internal control procedures, in order to satisfy the requirements of Section 404, we may identify other weaknesses and deficiencies
in our internal control over financial reporting. In addition, if we fail to maintain the adequacy of our internal control over financial
reporting, as these standards are modified, supplemented or amended from time to time, we may not be able to conclude on an ongoing basis
that we have effective internal control over financial reporting in accordance with Section 404. If we fail to achieve and maintain
an effective internal control environment, we could suffer material misstatements in our financial statements and fail to meet our reporting
obligations, which would likely cause investors to lose confidence in our reported financial information. This could in turn limit our
access to capital markets, harm our results of operations, and lead to a decline in the trading price of our stock. 

Additionally, ineffective internal control
over financial reporting could expose us to increased risk of fraud or misuse of corporate assets and subject us to potential delisting
from the stock exchange on which we list, regulatory investigations and civil or criminal sanctions. We may also be required to restate
our financial statements from prior periods. 

The requirements of being a reporting
public company may strain our resources, divert management s attention and affect our ability to attract and retain additional
executive management and qualified board members. 

As a reporting public company, we will be
subject to the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, and the Dodd-Frank Act, and other applicable securities
rules and regulations. Compliance with these rules and regulations will increase our legal and financial compliance costs, making some
activities more difficult, time-consuming or costly. This will put increased demand on our systems and resources, particularly after
we are no longer a smaller reporting company. The Exchange Act requires, among other things, that we file annual, quarterly
and current reports with respect to our business and results of operations. As a smaller reporting company and emerging
growth company , as stated above, we receive certain reporting exemptions under The Sarbanes-Oxley Act. 

Changing laws, regulations
and standards relating to corporate governance and public disclosure create uncertainty for public companies, which increases legal and
financial compliance costs and time expenditures for internal personnel. These laws, regulations and standards are subject to interpretation,
which in many cases due to their lack of specificity, their application in practice may evolve over time as regulators and governing bodies
provide new guidance. These changes may result in continued uncertainty regarding compliance matters and may necessitate higher costs
due to ongoing revisions to filings, disclosures and governance practices. We intend to invest resources to comply with evolving laws,
regulations and standards, and this investment may result in increased general and administrative expenses and a diversion of management s
time and attention from revenue-generating activities to compliance activities. If our efforts to comply with new laws, regulations and
standards differ from the activities intended by regulatory or governing bodies due to ambiguities related to their application and practice,
regulatory authorities may initiate regulatory or legal proceedings against us, and our business may be adversely affected. 

As a public company under these rules and
regulations, we expect that it may make it more expensive for us to hire external auditors to perform requisite outside audited financial
statements, as well as obtain director and officer liability insurance, and we may be required to accept reduced coverage or incur substantially
higher costs to obtain coverage. These factors could also make it more difficult for us to attract and retain qualified members of our
board of directors, particularly to serve on our audit committee and compensation committee and could also make it more difficult to
attract qualified executive officers. 

As a result of disclosure of information
in filings required of a public company, our business and financial condition will become more visible, which we believe may result in
threatened or actual litigation, including by competitors and other third parties. If such claims are successful, our business and results
of operations could be adversely affected, and even if the claims do not result in litigation or are resolved in our favor, these claims,
and the time and resources necessary to resolve them, could divert the resources of our management and adversely affect our business
and results of operations. 

General economic conditions may negatively
impact our operations . 

Economic downturns may negatively affect
our operations. These conditions may be widespread or isolated to one or more geographic regions in which we operate. Higher wages, related
labor costs, printing costs, leasing costs, energy, insurance and fuel costs and the increasing cost trends in those markets may decrease
our margins. Moreover, economic downturns present an additional challenge to us because a significant portion of our revenues are from
sales through retail stores, which are more likely to close during economic downturns. In addition, decreases in travel and entertainment
spending during economic downturns could impact our businesses, and thereby negatively impact our operations. 

18 

Failures in information technology
could have an adverse effect on the Company s operations. 

We rely on both internal systems and third
parties to provide information technology for many aspects of our business operations. Failures in information technology that could
impact the Company s operations include cybersecurity, business continuity and related operational risks, as well as other security failures
or breaches of our internal systems or those of our customers, partners, service providers or other third parties. 

We could find it difficult to raise
additional capital in the future . 

We may need to raise additional capital in
order for stockholders to realize increased value on our securities. Given the current global economy, there can be no assurance that
we would be able to obtain funding on commercially reasonable terms in a timely fashion. Failure to obtain additional funding, if necessary,
could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects and financial condition. 

Holders of our Class B common stock
have significantly less voting power than holders of our Class C common stock. 

Holders of our Class B common stock are entitled
to one-tenth of a vote per share on all matters on which our stockholders are entitled to vote, while holders of our Class C common stock
are entitled to three votes per share. Because of their voting power, the holders of our Class C common stock will be able to control
matters requiring approval by our stockholders, including the election of all of the directors, amendment of organizational documents
and the approval of significant corporate transactions, including any merger, consolidation or sale of all or substantially all of our
assets. As a result, the ability of any of the holders of our Class B common stock to influence our management may be limited. In addition,
our dual class structure has an anti-takeover effect, and accordingly, the holders of the shares of Class C common stock have the ability
to prevent any change in control transactions that may otherwise be in the best interest of stockholders 

Eight trusts for the benefit of sons and daughters of Howard
S. Jonas, our Chairman and Chairman of the Board, hold shares that, in the aggregate, represent more than a majority of the combined voting
power of our outstanding capital stock, which may limit the ability of other stockholders to affect our management. 

Eight trusts for the benefit of sons and daughters
of Howard S. Jonas (the Trusts ), our Chairman and Chairman of the Board, collectively have voting power over 1,733,750 shares
of our common stock (which includes 545,360 shares of our Class C common stock (which is all the issued and outstanding shares of the
Class C common stock), which are convertible into shares of our Class B common stock on a 1-for-1 basis, and 1,188,390 shares of our Class
B common stock), representing approximately 58.6 of the combined voting power of our outstanding capital stock, as of January 17,
2023. In addition, as of January 17, 2023, Howard S. Jonas beneficially holds 3,479,934 shares of our Class B common stock, warrants to
purchase up to 89,243 shares of our Class B common stock at a price per share of 1.936 and warrants to purchase up to 98,336 shares of
our Class B common stock at a price per share of 1.936. Each of the Trusts has a different, independent trustee. 

Howard S. Jonas serves as our Chairman, an executive officer position,
and Chairman of the Board, which is not an officer position. He is our founder and served as an executive officer, including our
Chief Executive Officer, for a very significant time period, and the members of the Board and management often look to him for guidance
on major financial, operational and strategic matters. 

Howard S. Jonas does not have the right to direct or control the voting
of the shares of our common stock that are held by the Trusts, and the independent trustees hold sole voting and dispositive power over
the common stock held by the Trusts. However, Howard S. Jonas is the trustor of the trusts and is the father of each of the beneficiaries
of the Trusts and his views may be taken into account by the trustees and others related to the Trusts. 

We are not aware of any voting agreement between or among any of the
Trusts and/or Howard S. Jonas, but if such a voting agreement or other similar arrangement exists or were to be consummated, if all or
several or all of the Trusts were to act in concert, or if we issued additional Class C common stock, certain or all of the Trusts and/or
Howard S. Jonas along with holders of the Class C common stock would be able to control matters requiring approval by our stockholders,
including the election of all of the directors, amendment of organizational documents and the approval of significant corporate transactions,
including any merger, consolidation or sale of all or substantially all of our assets. As a result, the ability of any of our other stockholders
to influence our management may be limited. In addition, our dual class structure has an anti-takeover effect, and accordingly, the holders
of the shares of Class C common stock have the ability to prevent any change in control transactions that may otherwise be in the best
interest of stockholders. 

19 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. 

None. 

Item 2. Properties. 

IDW Media Holdings is headquartered at 520 Broad St, Newark, New Jersey,
fourth floor. The term of the license agreement with IDT Domestic Telecom Inc. commenced on December 1, 2018 and is month-to-month with
30 days prior written notice required for termination by either party. Currently, the annual rental expense is 19,200. 

IDWP is headquartered in 3,334 square feet of
leased space at 2355 Northside Drive, Suite 140, San Diego, CA. The lease commenced on June 1, 2022 and has a 39-month term which expires
on August 31, 2025. The Company pays rent of 126,000 annually, subject to annual escalations of 3 . 

IDWE is headquartered in 4,734 square feet of
leased space at 14144 Ventura Blvd, Suite 210, Sherman Oaks, CA. The lease commenced on August 1, 2022 and has a 60-month term which expires
on July 31, 2027. The Company pays rent of 174,000 annually, subject to annual escalations of 3 . 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings. 

The Company may from time to time be subject to legal proceedings
that may arise in the ordinary course of business. Although there can be no assurance in this regard, other than noted above, the Company
does not expect any of those legal proceedings to have a material adverse effect on the Company s results of operations, cash flows
or financial condition. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 

Not applicable. 

20 

Part II 

Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related
Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 

PRICE RANGE OF COMMON STOCK 

Our Class B common stock commenced trading on
the NYSE American on August 4, 2021 under the symbol IDW. 

On January 17, 2023, there were 103 holders of
record of our Class B common stock and 8 holders of record of our Class C common stock, which is not publicly traded. These numbers do
not include the number of persons whose shares are in nominee or in street name accounts through brokers. On January 18,
2023, the last sales price reported on the NYSE American for the Class B common stock was 1.0345 per share. 

We have not paid dividends on our Class B common
stock, and currently do not intend to pay any cash dividends on our Class B common stock in the foreseeable future. Our current policy
is to retain all of our earnings to finance future growth. Any future declaration of dividends will be subject to the discretion of our
Board of Directors. 

In addition, we may incur debt financing in the
future, the terms of which will likely prohibit us from paying cash dividends or distributions on our Class B common stock. Even if we
are permitted to pay cash dividends in the future, we currently anticipate that we will retain all future earnings, if any, to fund the
operation and expansion of our business and for general corporate purposes. 

The information required by Item 201(d) of Regulation
S-K will be contained in our Proxy Statement for our Annual Stockholders Meeting, which we will file with the Securities and Exchange
Commission within 120 days after October 31, 2021, and which is incorporated by reference herein. 

Performance Graph of Stock 

We are a smaller reporting company as defined
by Rule 12b-2 of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934 and are not required to provide the information under this item. 

Issuer Repurchases of
Equity Securities 

None. 

Item 6. [Reserved]. 

Item
7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 

This Annual Report contains forward-looking statements
within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, including statements
that contain the words believes, anticipates, expects, plans, intends 
and similar words and phrases. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results
to differ materially from the results projected in any forward-looking statement. In addition to the factors specifically noted in the
forward-looking statements, other important factors, risks and uncertainties that could result in those differences include, but are
not limited to, those discussed under Item 1A to Part I Risk Factors in this Annual Report. The forward-looking statements
are made as of the date of this Annual Report, and we assume no obligation to update the forward-looking statements, or to update the
reasons why actual results could differ from those projected in the forward-looking statements. Investors should consult all of the information
set forth in this report and the other information set forth from time to time in our reports filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission pursuant to the Securities Act of 1933 and the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, including our reports on Forms 10-Q and 8-K. 

The following discussion should be read in conjunction
with the Consolidated Financial Statements and Notes thereto included in Item 8 of this Annual Report. 

21 

Critical Accounting Policies 

Our consolidated financial statements and accompanying
notes are prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States GAAP ). The preparation
of financial statements requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities,
revenues, and expenses as well as the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. Critical accounting policies are those that require
application of management s most subjective or complex judgments, often as a result of matters that are inherently uncertain and
may change in subsequent periods. Our critical accounting policies include those related to the allowance for doubtful accounts, goodwill,
valuation of long-lived assets including intangible assets with finite useful lives and ultimate revenues for television costs. Management
bases its estimates and judgments on historical experience and other factors that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances.
Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. See Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements
in this Annual Report for a complete discussion of our significant accounting policies. 

Results of Operations 

We evaluate the performance of our operating business segments based
primarily on income (loss) from operations. Accordingly, the income and expense line items below loss from operations are only included
in our discussion of the consolidated results of operations. 

IDWP 

(in thousands) 

Change 
 
 Fiscal Year ended October 31, 
 2022 
 2021 

Revenues 
 25,839 
 25,284 
 555 
 2.2 
 
 Direct cost of revenues 
 13,993 
 13,682 
 311 
 2.3 
 
 Selling, general and administrative 
 13,458 
 12,169 
 1,289 
 10.6 
 
 Depreciation and amortization 
 285 
 203 
 82 
 nm 
 
 (Loss) income from operations 
 (1,897 
 (770 
 (1,127 
 (146.4 

nm not meaningful 

Revenues . Revenues increased 555,000 in
the fiscal year ended October 31, 2022, compared to the fiscal year ended October 31, 2021, primarily due to an increase in games revenue
of 1,716,000 driven by fulfillment of the direct-to-consumer games campaign for Batman Adventures , an increase in retailer exclusive
revenue of 1,200,000 predominately related to Sonic the Hedgehog and Transformers , an increase in non-direct market publishing
revenue of 603,000 driven by strong Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles: The Last Ronin and They Called Us Enemy sales, a decrease
in sales returns and discounts on book sales of 474,000, and an increase in other licensing and royalty revenues of 44,000, partially
offset by a decrease in direct market publishing revenue of 3,055,000 due to fewer titles being released during the period, and a decrease
in digital sales of 427,000. Sales returns for fiscal 2022 improved compared to the prior year due to targeted incentives with accounts
to reduce return rates, localization of inventory management at Barnes Noble, and COVID-19 related pressures in fiscal 2021. 

Effective January 1, 2023, our licenses for Transformers and GI
Joe titles have been terminated. While the cancellation of the licenses for Transformers and GI
Joe are anticipated to decrease revenues by approximately 1.2 million in fiscal year 2023, IDWP plans to mitigate
the loss of revenue by enhancing our other key licensed brands through new initiatives for Star Trek, Godzilla, Dungeons Dragons,
and My Little Pony and an expansion of Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles: The Last Ronin . We expect these efforts to substantially
offset any material impact on our gross margin from the loss of the licensed titles. 

During
calendar 2021, we significantly wound down IDW Games and IDW Games is now only backfilling already developed games. The decision to shut
down games was due to its lack of profitability, despite outliers like Batman Adventures, noted above. 

Direct cost of revenues. IDWP s direct
cost of revenues increased by 311,000 in the fiscal year ended October 31, 2022, compared to the fiscal year ended October 31, 2021,
primarily due to an increase in printing expenses and creative costs for IDW Games of 430,000 which corresponds to the increase in revenue
from games noted above and an increase in publishing printing costs of 626,000, offset by a decrease in royalty expenses of 558,000,
a decrease in publishing creative costs of 152,000, and a decrease in digital and licensing costs of 35,000. Although costs were recognized
for fulfillment of the Batman Adventures game in the current year, future games costs will only be recognized with individual customer
orders. Royalty expense as a percentage of sales is dependent on product and title mix as different revenue streams and titles have different
royalty rates. 

22 

Gross Margin. IDWP s gross margin for the fiscal year
ended October 31, 2022 was essentially flat at 45.8 compared to 45.9 for the fiscal year ended October 31, 2021. 

Selling, General and Administrative. IDWP s
selling, general and administrative expenses increased by 1,289,000 in the fiscal year ended October 31, 2022, compared to the fiscal
year ended October 31, 2021, primarily due to increases in marketing expenses of 847,000, IT costs of 481,000 related to the Company s
website for the focus on direct-to-consumer and dues and subscriptions, shipping and direct-to-consumer costs of 188,000, salaries and
benefits of 247,000, and travel expenses of 220,000, partially offset by decreases in severance of 400,000, overhead allocations of
 79,000, legal fees of 85,000, occupancy expenses of 66,000, bad debt of 30,000, insurance costs of 30,000, and other net charges
of 4,000. The increase in salary and benefits was comprised of an overall increase of 683,000 offset by a 436,000 ERC as a result of
the CARES Act recorded as a reduction in payroll tax expense. 

As a percentage of IDWP s revenues, selling,
general and administrative expenses in the fiscal year ended October 31, 2022, was 52.1 compared to 48.1 in the fiscal year ended October
31, 2021. 

IDWE 

(in thousands) 

Change 

Fiscal year ended October 31, 
 
 2022 

2021 

Revenues 

10,255 

7,141 

3,114 

43.6 

Direct cost of revenues 

2,511 

8,101 

(5,590) 

(69.0) 
 
 Selling, general and administrative 

4,561 

5,694 

(1,133) 

(19.9) 
 
 Depreciation and amortization 

34 

36 

(2) 

nm 

Income (loss) from operations 

3,149 

(6,690) 

9,839 

147.1 

nm not meaningful 

Revenues. IDWE revenues for the fiscal
year ended October 31, 2022 increased by 3,114,000 compared to the fiscal year ended October 31, 2021. Revenues in fiscal year 2022,
included revenue recognized due to the full delivery of Locke Key seasons two and three in an amount of 8,944,000, revenue
from the full delivery of season one of Surfside Girls of 1,149,000, the French-Canadian license received for V Wars of
 119,000, and revenue from optioned projects of 43,000. In fiscal year 2021, revenues included recognition from delivered episodes from
 Wynonna Earp of 3,496,000, tax credits for V Wars and October Faction of 3,331,000, Lock Key contingent
compensation from season two of 200,000, and foreign receipts from Dirk Gently of 114,000. 

Direct costs of revenues . Direct cost of revenues consists primarily
of the amortization of production costs that were capitalized during the production of the television episodes and direct costs related
to revenue recognized during related periods. 

Direct costs of revenues for the fiscal year ended
October 31, 2022 decreased by 5,590,000 compared to the fiscal year ended October 31, 2021. The amortized television costs for fiscal
year 2022, included costs related to delivered episodes from Locke Key seasons two and three of 1,875,000 and to full delivery
of season one of Surfside Girls of 100,000, executive producing fees of 325,000, cost refinement from October Faction 
and V Wars of 78,000, inventory write offs of 278,000, residuals of 467,000, agency commission fees of 9,000, and cost of optioned
projects of 6,000, offset by cost recoupment from Wynonna Earp of 432,000 and tax credits for V Wars and October Faction 
of 195,000. The amortized television costs for fiscal year 2021, included delivered episodes from Wynonna Earp of 5,251,000,
impairment charges of 2,216,000, cost refinement from October Faction and V Wars of 586,000 and other costs of 48,000. 

Gross Margin. IDWE s gross margin for the fiscal year
ended October 31, 2022 was 75.5 compared to negative 13.4 for the fiscal year ended October 31, 2021. These gross margin figures are
aligned with the explanations provided for revenues and direct costs of revenues. 

23 

Selling, General and Administrative. Selling,
general and administrative expenses decreased by 1,133,000 during the fiscal year ended October 31, 2022, compared to the fiscal year
ended October 31, 2021. The decrease was driven by decreases in consulting costs of 445,000, legal fees of 117,000, marketing of 137,000,
salary and benefits of 387,000, recruitment fees of 153,000, professional services of 75,000, severance of 175,000, travel expenses
of 41,000 and other net changes of 87,000, offset by increases in overhead allocation of 284,000 and non-cash compensation of 200,000.
The decrease in salary and benefits included a 87,000 ERC as a result of the CARES act recorded as a reduction in payroll tax expense. 

As a percentage of IDWE s revenues, selling, general and administrative
expenses in the fiscal year ended October 31, 2022 , was 44.5 compared to 79.7 in the fiscal year
ended October 31, 2021. 

IDWMH 

(in thousands) 

Change 
 
 Fiscal year ended October 31, 
 2022 
 2021 

Selling, general and administrative 
 1,914 
 1,219 
 695 
 57.0 
 
 Depreciation and amortization 
 23 
 6 
 17 
 nm 
 
 Loss from operations 
 (1,937 
 (1,225 
 (712 
 (58.1 

nm not meaningful 

Selling, General and Administrative. Selling,
general and administrative expenses increased by 695,000 during the fiscal year ended October 31, 2022, compared to the fiscal year ended
October 31, 2021. The increase was driven by increases in severance of 468,000, shareholder relations fees of 263,000, insurance
costs of 235,000, non-cash compensation of 218,000, travel expenses of 113,000, and marketing expenses of 80,000, offset by decreases
in overhead allocation to operating segments of 483,000, legal fees of 131,000, salary and benefits of 60,000, and other net changes
of 8,000. The decrease in salary and benefits included a 42,000 ERC as a result of the CARES act recorded as a reduction in payroll
tax expense. 

Consolidated net loss IDW Media Holdings, Inc.

(in thousands) 

Change 
 
 Fiscal year ended October 31, 
 2022 
 2021 

Loss from continuing operations 
 (685 
 (8,685 
 8,000 
 92.1 
 
 Interest (expense) income, net 
 (10 
 118 
 (128 
 (108.5 
 
 Other (expense) income, net 
 (53 
 2,333 
 (2,386 
 (102.3 
 
 Net loss from continuing operations 
 (748 
 (6,234 
 5,486 
 88 
 
 Loss from discontinued operations, net 
 - 
 (1,281 
 1,281 
 100.0 
 
 Gain on sale of discontinued operations 
 - 
 2,123 
 (2,123 
 (100.0 
 
 Net loss 
 (748 
 (5,392 
 4,644 
 86.1 

Loss from operations. Loss from continuing
operations decreased by 8,000,000 in the fiscal year ended October 31, 2022, compared to the fiscal year ended October 31, 2021, due
to increased operating income from IDWE of 9,839,000, offset by an increase in operating loss from IDWP of 1,127,000 and an increase
in corporate overhead of 712,000. These changes are described in the separate segment analyses above. 

Interest (expense) income, net. Interest
(expense) income decreased by 128,000 to interest expense of 10,000 in the fiscal year ended October 31, 2022, compared to interest
income of 118,000 in the fiscal year ended October 31, 2021 due to interest income from CRA tax credits received in the fiscal year ended
October 31, 2021. 

Other (expense) income, net. Other (expense)
income decreased by 2,386,000 to other expense of 53,000 in the fiscal year ended October 31, 2022, compared to other income of 2,333,000
in the fiscal year ended October 31, 2021, primarily due to PPP loan forgiveness received in the fiscal year ended October 31, 2021. 

24 

Loss from discontinued operations, net. Loss from discontinued
operations was 0 for the fiscal year ended October 31, 2022, compared to a loss of 1,281,000 for the fiscal year ended October 31, 2021,
due to the sale of CTM which resulted in CTM no longer being consolidated with the Company as of February 15, 2021. 

Gain on sale of discontinued operations. Gain on sale of discontinued
operations decreased by 2,123,000 for the fiscal year ended October 31, 2022, compared to the fiscal year ended October 31, 2021, as
a result of the sale of CTM. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

General 

At October 31, 2022, we had cash and cash equivalents of 10,014,000
and working capital (current assets in excess of current liabilities) of 18,476,000. 

We anticipate that our expected cash inflows from
operations during the next twelve months together with our working capital, including the balance of cash and cash equivalents held as
October 31, 2022, which includes proceeds from the offering closed on August 6, 2021, will be sufficient to sustain our operations for
at least the twelve months following the date of this report. 

We satisfy our cash requirements primarily through
cash provided by the Company s operating and financing activities. 

Fiscal years ended October 31, 
 
 (in thousands) 
 2022 
 2021 
 
 Cash flows (used in) provided by: 

Operating activities 
 (6,618 
 10,637 
 
 Investing activities 
 (900 
 (1,734 
 
 Financing activities 
 - 
 (3,572 
 
 Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents 
 - 
 39 
 
 Net increase in cash and cash equivalents 
 (7,518 
 5,370 

Operating Activities 

Cash flows used in operating activities was 6,618,000
for the fiscal year ended October 31, 2022, compared to cash flows provided by operating activities of 10,637,000 for the fiscal year
ended October 31, 2021. For the fiscal year ended October 31, 2022, net use of cash was primarily a result of the net loss for the period
of 748,000, adjusted for non-cash expenses of 2,712,000 and cash outflow from changes in assets and liabilities of 8,548,000 as a result
of decreases to production costs payable and deferred revenue and increases in trade accounts receivable, inventory, television costs,
and prepaid expenses and other assets. For the fiscal year ended October 31, 2021, the net cash provided was primarily a result of cash
inflow from changes in assets and liabilities of 19,045,000 as a result of decreases in trade accounts receivable, inventory, and increases
in production costs payable, offset by a net loss in the period of 5,392,000 adjusted for non-cash expenses of 8,421,000, cash outflow
from changes in assets and liabilities of 6,945,000 as a result of increases in prepaid expenses and television costs and decreases in
deferred revenue, and adjustments for non-cash items of 4,515,000 related to the gain on the sale of CTM and gain on the extinguishment
of a PPP loan. Cash flows generated at IDWE vary widely year to year due to timing of productions. 

Investing Activities 

Our capital expenditures were approximately 900,000
and 832,000 in the fiscal years ended October 31, 2022 , and 2021, respectively. The fiscal year
ended October 31, 2021 also included an unfavorable adjustment of 902,000 related to the disposal of CTM. 

Financing Activities 

During the fiscal year ended October 31, 2021,
IDW repaid bank loans in the amounts of 14,204,000, partially offset by cash received for PPP loans of 1,196,000, and net cash proceeds
received of from the issuance of Class B common stock of 9,551,000 in connection to our registered public offering. 

25 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements 

For a description of recently issued accounting
pronouncements, including the respective dates of adoption, and expected effects on our results of operations and financial condition,
see Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements included in Item 8 of this Annual Report. 

Changes in Trade Accounts Receivables and Allowance
for Doubtful Accounts 

Trade accounts receivable increased to approximately
 6,448,000 at October 31, 2022, compared to 5,431,000 at October 31, 2021 principally due to changes in the accruals and collection of
IDWE revenue, as well as the timing of receipts of payments of other receivable balances. The allowance for doubtful accounts as a percentage
of gross trade accounts receivable was 0 at October 31, 2022 and 2021, reflecting the Company s collectible receivable experience. 

Off- Balance Sheet Arrangements 

We do not have any off-balance sheet arrangements, 
as defined in relevant SEC regulations that are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial condition, results
of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources. 

Other Sources and Uses of Resources 

On August 6, 2021, IDWMH closed a registered public offering of Class
B common stock and EF Hutton, as representative of the Underwriters exercised the overallotment option included as part of the offering
in full. The Company sold an aggregate of 2,875,000 shares of the Company s Class B common stock for gross consideration of 10,350,000
less Underwriters commissions of 724,500 and Underwriters expenses of 75,000. 

The Company is using the net proceeds we received from the offering
principally for the development of original IP and the purchase of associated publishing, media,
and related rights. Funds are also used for marketing spend for our IP franchises, and additionally for technology investments and
our website development. The Company also seeks to pursue potential investment and acquisition opportunities, should such opportunities
arise. 

We do not have any agreements at this time to potentially acquire other
entities or businesses. The foregoing represents our current intentions based upon our present plans and business conditions to use and
allocate the net proceeds of this offering. However, the nature, amounts and timing of our actual expenditures may vary significantly
depending on numerous factors. We may find it necessary or advisable to use the net proceeds from this offering for other purposes. As
a result, our management has and will retain broad discretion over the allocation and application of the net proceeds from this offering.
To the extent that the net proceeds we receive from this offering are not immediately used for the above purposes, we intend to invest
our net proceeds in short-term, interest-bearing bank deposits or debt instruments. 

Where appropriate, we evaluate strategic investments
and acquisitions to complement, expand, and/or enter into new businesses. In considering acquisitions and investments, we search for opportunities
to profitably grow our existing businesses, to add qualitatively to the range of businesses in our portfolio, and to achieve operational
synergies. At this time, we cannot guarantee that we will be presented with acquisition opportunities that meet our return-on-investment
criteria, or that our efforts to make acquisitions that meet our criteria will be successful. 

The COVID-19 pandemic has had a negative impact
on our business in past quarters with regard to (a) issues related to increased costs of international printing, shipping and cost rises, 
and (b) in 2021 we experienced production delays of IDWE s television show Wynonna Earp . In the fiscal year 2022, our business
as a whole has not suffered any material adverse consequences. The extent of the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic and resulting economic
uncertainty could adversely affect our liquidity and capital resources in the future, and cash requirements may fluctuate based on the
timing and extent of many factors discussed above. 

In the fourth quarter of fiscal 2020 we paid pull
down costs pursuant to a previously announced, multi-year agreement with Cineflix related to international sales of Wynonna Earp.
Specifically, under this agreement, IDWE purchased the distribution rights to seasons one and two of Wynonna Earp from the current
licensor (Netflix) and had agreed to transfer those rights to Cineflix. Cineflix is now the international distributor of all four
seasons of Wynonna Earp . Due to changes in competition as well as the COVID-19 pandemic, the Cineflix deal did not contribute
revenue and operating cash flow in fiscal year 2021 at the levels originally anticipated at the inception of the deal, however in the
third quarter of 2022 we began recouping some of our cash outlays. 

26 

Dividends 

We have never declared or paid any cash dividends
on our capital stock. The Company does not currently anticipate paying any cash dividends in the foreseeable future and is using cash
flows to invest in the growth of the business. 

Item 7A. Quantitative
and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risks. 

Foreign Currency Risk 

There is a foreign currency exchange risk associated with IDWE s
arrangements with special-purpose entities, formed for the sole purpose of providing production services in Canada, as the value of assets
denominated in CAD will fluctuate due to changes in exchange rates, which will affect the Company s production costs. 

Foreign Exchange Balances Held in CAD (in thousands) 

October 31, 
 2022 
 October 31, 
 2021 
 
 Cash and cash equivalents 
 170 
 85 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 

The consolidated financial statements of the Company and the report
of the independent registered public accounting firm thereon starting on page F-1 are included herein. 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants
on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 

None. 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. 

Management s report on internal control over financial reporting. 

Our management is responsible for establishing
and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act.
Our internal control over financial reporting is a process designed under the supervision of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial
Officer to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for
external purposes in accordance with GAAP. 

Management s internal control over financial reporting includes
those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect
the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the Company (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary
to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP and that receipts and expenditures of the Company are being made
only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the Company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention
or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of Company s assets that could have a material effect on financial
statements. 

Because of the inherent limitations, internal control over financial
reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements on a timely basis. Therefore, even those systems determined to be effective can provide
only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and presentation. Projections of any evaluation of effectiveness
to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of
compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

27 

Our management assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over
financial reporting as of October 31, 2022. In making this assessment, management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring
Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013 Framework). 

Based on this assessment, our management, with the participation of
our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer, has concluded that, as of October 31, 2022, our internal control over financial
reporting were effective based on those criteria. 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have evaluated
the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended), as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Based on this
evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective
as of October 31, 2022. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

There were no significant changes made in the Company s internal
control over financial reporting during the fourth quarter of the year ended October 31, 2022 that have materially affected, or are
reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 

Attestation Report of the Registered Public Accounting Firm 

This Annual Report on Form 10-K does not include an attestation report
of our independent registered public accounting firm due to an exemption established by the JOBS Act for emerging growth companies. 

Item 9B. Other Information. 

None. 

Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions
that Prevent Inspections. 

Not applicable. 

28 

Part III 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 

The following is a list of our directors and executive officers along
with the specific information required by Rule 14a-3 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934: 

Executive Officers 

Allan I. Grafman Chief Executive Officer 

Brooke T. Feinstein Chief Financial Officer 

Howards S. Jonas Chairman 

Directors 

Howard S. Jonas Chairman of the Board 

Perry Davis 

Amy Jonas 

Irwin Katsof 

Christopher McGurk 

Ex-Officio Directors 

Allan I. Grafman 

Marc E. Knoller 

The remaining information required by this Item will be contained in
our Proxy Statement for our Annual Stockholders Meeting, which will be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission within 120 days
after October 31, 2022, and which is incorporated by reference herein. 

Corporate Governance 

We have included as exhibits to this Annual Report on Form 10-K certificates
of our Chief Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer certifying the quality of our public disclosure. 

We make available free of charge through the investor
relations page of our web site (http://idwmediaholdings.com/investors/) our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q,
Current Reports on Form 8-K and all amendments to those reports, and all beneficial ownership reports on Forms 3, 4 and 5 filed by directors,
officers and beneficial owners of more than 10 of our equity, as soon as reasonably practicable after such reports are electronically
filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. We have adopted codes of business conduct and ethics for all of our employees, including
our principal executive officer, principal financial officer, and principal accounting officer. Copies of the codes of business conduct
and ethics are available on our web site. 

Our web site and the information contained therein or incorporated
therein are not intended to be incorporated into this Annual Report on Form 10-K or our other filings with the Securities and Exchange
Commission. 

Item 11. Executive Compensation. 

The information required by this Item will be contained in our Proxy
Statement for our Annual Stockholders Meeting, which will be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission within 120 days after October
31, 2022, and which is incorporated by reference herein. 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management
and Related Stockholder Matters. 

The information required by this Item will be contained in our Proxy
Statement for our Annual Stockholders Meeting, which will be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission within 120 days after October
31, 2022, and which is incorporated by reference herein. 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director
Independence. 

The information required by this Item will be contained in our Proxy
Statement for our Annual Stockholders Meeting, which will be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission within 120 days after October
31, 2022, and which is incorporated by reference herein. 

Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services. 

The information required by this Item will be contained in our Proxy
Statement for our Annual Stockholders Meeting, which will be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission within 120 days after October
31, 2022, and which is incorporated by reference herein. 

29 

Part IV 

Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules. 

(a) The following documents are filed as part of this Report: 

1. Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm on Consolidated and Combined Financial Statements 

Consolidated and Combined Financial
Statements covered by Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firms 

2. Financial Statement Schedule. 

All schedules have been omitted since
they are either included in the Notes to Consolidated and Combined Financial Statements or not required or not applicable. 

3. Exhibits. The exhibits listed in paragraph (b) of this item are filed, furnished, or incorporated by reference as part of this
 Form 10-K. 

Certain of the agreements filed as exhibits
to this Form 10-K contain representations and warranties by the parties to the agreements that have been made solely for the benefit of
the parties to the agreement. These representations and warranties: 

may have been qualified by disclosures that were made to
the other parties in connection with the negotiation of the agreements, which disclosures are not necessarily reflected in the agreements; 

may apply standards of materiality that differ from those
of a reasonable investor; and 

were made only as of specified dates contained in the agreements
and are subject to subsequent developments and changed circumstances. 

Accordingly, these representations and
warranties may not describe the actual state of affairs as of the date that these representations and warranties were made or at any other
time. Investors should not rely on them as statements of fact. 

30 

(b) Exhibits. 

EXHIBIT INDEX 

Exhibit No. 
 
 Description of Exhibit 
 
 3.1 
 
 Fourth Restated Certificate of Incorporation of IDW Media Holdings, Inc. 
 
 3.2 
 
 Fourth Amended and Restated Bylaws of IDW Media Holdings, Inc. 
 
 4.1 
 
 Description of the Registrant s Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
 
 4.2 
 
 Warrant to Purchase IDW Media Holdings, Inc. Class B Common Stock issued to Howard S. Jonas, dated August 21, 2018. 
 
 4.3 
 
 Amendment to Warrant to Purchase IDW Media Holdings, Inc. Class B Common Stock issued to Howard S. Jonas, dated March 29, 2022. 
 
 4.4 
 
 Warrant to Purchase IDW Media Holdings, Inc. Class B Common Stock issued to Howard S. Jonas, dated March 30, 2019. 
 
 4.5 
 
 Amendment to Warrant to Purchase IDW Media Holdings, Inc. Class B Common Stock issued to Howard S. Jonas, dated March 29, 2022. 
 
 10.1 # 
 
 IDW Media Holdings, Inc. 2009 Stock Option and Incentive Plan. 
 
 10.2 # 
 
 IDW Media Holdings, Inc. 2019 Stock Option and Incentive Plan. 
 
 10.3 
 
 Share Purchase Agreement between IDW Media Holdings, Inc. and Howard S. Jonas, dated as of July 14, 2020. 
 
 10.4 
 
 Loan and Security Agreement between High Park/V-Wars Production, Inc. and Bank Leumi USA, dated June 19, 2018. 
 
 10.5 
 
 Distribution Agreement between Penguin Random House Publisher Services and Idea and Design Works, LLC, dated June 20, 2016. 
 
 10.6 
 
 Letter Agreement between the Registrant and Penguin Random House Publisher Services, dated June 15, 2021. 
 
 10.7 
 
 Employment Agreement between the Company and Howard S. Jonas, dated April 5, 2022. 
 
 10.8 
 
 Employment Agreement between the Company and Allan Grafman, dated August 21, 2022. 
 
 10.9 
 
 Separation and General Release Agreement between the Company and Ezra Y. Rosensaft, dated August 29, 2022. 
 
 21.01 
 
 Subsidiaries of the Registrant 
 
 23.1 
 
 Consent of Zwick CPA, LLC, Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 31.01 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 31.02 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 32.01 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 32.02 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document. 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 
 
 104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 

Filed herewith. 

Incorporated by reference to Form S-1, filed October 16, 2020. 

Incorporated by reference to Form 8-K, filed July 19, 2021. 

Incorporated by reference to Form 8-K, filed June 14, 2022. 

Incorporated by reference to Form 8-K, filed April 4, 2022. 

Incorporated by reference to Form S-1/A, filed April 5, 2021. 

Incorporated by reference to Form 8-K, filed September 30, 2021. 

Incorporated by reference to Form 8-K, filed April 11, 2022. 

Incorporated by reference to Form 8-K, filed August 24, 2022. 

Incorporated by reference to Form 8-K, filed August 31, 2022. 

Denotes that fees, payment terms and other business terms have
been redacted in accordance with Item 601(b)(10)(iv) of Regulation S-K. 

# Denotes management compensation plan or contract. 

Item 16. Form
10-K Summary 

None. 

31 

Signatures 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this Annual Report on Form 10-K to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto
duly authorized. 

IDW MEDIA HOLDINGS, INC. 

By: 
 /s/ Allan I. Grafman 

Allan I. Grafman 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

Date: January 19, 2023 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
this Annual Report on Form 10-K has been signed by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities and on the
dates indicated. 

Signature 

Title 

Date 

/s/ Howard S. Jonas 

Chairman of the Board and Chairman 
 
 January 19, 2023 
 
 Howard S. Jonas 

/s/ Allan I. Grafman 

Chief Executive Officer 
 
 January 19, 2023 
 
 Allan I. Grafman 
 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/ Brooke T. Feinstein 

Chief Financial Officer 
 
 January 19, 2023 
 
 Brooke T. Feinstein 
 
 (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 

/s/ Amy Jonas 

Director 
 
 January 19, 2023 
 
 Amy Jonas 

/s/ Perry Davis 

Director 
 
 January 19, 2023 

Perry Davis 

/s/ Irwin Katsof 

Director 
 
 January 19, 2023 

Irwin Katsof 

/s/ Christopher McGurk 

Director 
 
 January 19, 2023 

Christopher McGurk 

32 

IDW Media Holdings, Inc. 

Index to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID F-2 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of October 31, 2022 and 2021 F-3 Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss for the fiscal years ended October 31, 2022 and 2021 F-4 F-5 Consolidated Stockholders Equity for the fiscal years ended October 31, 2022 and 2021 F-6 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the fiscal years ended October 31, 2022 and 2021 F-7 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements F-8 

F- 1 

Report
of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

Board of Directors and Shareholders 

IDW Media Holdings, Inc. 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated
balance sheets of IDW Media Holdings, Inc. and its Subsidiaries (the Company as of October 31, 2022 and 2021 and the related
statements of operations, comprehensive loss, stockholders equity and cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended
October 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial
statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of October 31, 2022 and 2021 and the results
of its operations and its cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended October 31, 2022 in conformity with accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility
of the entity s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audits. We are
a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required
to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations
of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the
standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged
to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the entity s
internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond
to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.
Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating
the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s/ 

f/k/a/ Zwick Banyai, PLLC 

January 19, 2023 

We have served as the Company s auditor since
2009. 

F- 2 

IDW MEDIA HOLDINGS, INC. 

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

(in thousands, except per share data) 
 October 31, 2022 
 October 31, 2021 
 
 Assets 

Current assets: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Trade accounts receivable, net 

Inventory 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Total current assets 

Non-current assets 

Property and equipment, net 

Right-of-use assets, net 

Intangible assets, net 

Goodwill 

Television costs, net 

Other assets 

Total assets 

Liabilities and Stockholders Equity 

Current liabilities: 

Trade accounts payable 

Accrued expenses 

Production costs payable 

Deferred revenue 
 -

Operating lease obligations current portion 

Total current liabilities 

Non-current liabilities 

Operating lease obligations long term portion 

Total liabilities 

Stockholders equity (see Note 3): 

Preferred stock, par value; authorized shares ; no shares issued at October 31, 2022 and October 31, 2021 
 -
 
 -

Class B common stock, par value; authorized shares ; and shares issued and and shares outstanding at October 31, 2022 and October 31, 2021, respectively 

Class C common stock, par value; authorized shares ; shares issued and outstanding at October 31, 2022 and October 31, 2021 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Treasury stock, at cost, consisting of shares of Class B common stock at October 31, 2022 and October 31, 2021 

Total stockholders equity 

Total liabilities and stockholders equity 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial
statements. 

F- 3 

IDW MEDIA HOLDINGS, INC. 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

Fiscal Years Ended 
 
 (in thousands, except
 per share data) 
 October 31, 
2022 
 October 31, 
2021 

Revenues 

Costs and expenses: 

Direct cost of revenues 

Selling, general and administrative 

Depreciation and amortization 

Total costs and expenses 

Loss from operations 

Interest (expense) income, net 

Other (expense) income, net 

Net loss from continuing operations 

Loss from discontinued operations, net 
 -

Gain on sale of discontinued operations 
 -

Net gain on discontinued operations 
 -

Net loss 

Basic and diluted net (loss) income per share (see Note 2): 

Continuing operations 

Discontinued operations, net 
 -

Net loss 

Weighted-average number of shares used in the calculation of basic and diluted (loss) income per share: 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial
statements. 

F- 4 

IDW MEDIA HOLDINGS, INC. 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE LOSS 

Fiscal Years Ended 
 
 (in thousands) 
 October 31, 
 2022 
 October 31, 
 2021 
 
 Net loss 

Foreign currency translation adjustments 
 -

Sale of discontinued operations 
 -

Total comprehensive loss 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial
statements 

F- 5 

IDW MEDIA HOLDINGS, INC. 

CONSOLIDATED STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

Fiscal Years Ended October 31, 2022
and 2021 

Class
 B Common Stock 
 Class
 C Common Stock 
 Additional 
 Accumulated 
 Other 
 
 Treasury
 Stock, at Cost 
 Total 
 
 (in
 thousands) 
 Number
 of 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Number
 of 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Paid
 In 
 Capital 
 Comprehensive 
 Loss 
 Accumulated 
 Deficit 
 Number
 of 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Stockholders 
 Equity 
 
 Balance October 31, 2021 

- 

Stock based compensation 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Issuance of restricted stock 

- 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Comprehensive loss 

Net
 loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Total
 comprehensive loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Balance
 October 31, 2022 

- 

Balance October 31, 2020 

Stock based compensation 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Issuance of common stock 

- 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Issuance of restricted stock 

- 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Comprehensive income (loss) 

Sale of discontinued operations 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 - 
 
 Net loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Other
 comprehensive income 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Total
 comprehensive income (loss) 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 

Balance
 October 31, 2021 

- 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial
statements. 

F- 6 

IDW MEDIA HOLDINGS, INC. 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

Fiscal Years Ended 
 
 (in thousands) 
 October 31, 
 2022 
 October 31, 
 2021 
 
 Operating activities: 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash provided by operating activities: 

Amortization of television costs 

Impairment of television costs 

Depreciation and amortization 

Amortization of finance leases 
 -

Bad debt recovery 
 -

Stock based compensation 

Amortization of right-of-use asset 

Gain on extinguishment of PPP Loans 
 -

Gain on sale of discontinued operations 
 -

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Trade accounts receivable 

Inventory 

Prepaid expenses and other assets 

Television costs 

Operating lease liability 

Trade accounts payable, accrued expenses, production costs payable and other current
 liabilities 

Deferred revenue 

Gain on disposal of ROU assets 
 -

Net cash (used in) provided by operating activities 

Investing activities: 

Disposal of discontinued operations 
 -

Capital expenditures 

Net cash used in investing activities 

Financing activities: 

Proceeds from issuance of common stock 
 -

Proceeds of government loans 
 -

Repayments of bank loans 
 -

Net cash used in financing activities 
 -

Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents 
 -

Net (decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents 

Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period 

Cash and cash equivalents at end of period 

Supplemental schedule of investing and financing activities 

Cash paid for interest 
 -

Non-cash investing and financing activities 

Extinguishment of related party loan in exchange for sale of CTM 
 -

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial
statements. 

F- 7 

IDW HOLDINGS, INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

FOR THE FISCAL YEARS ENDED OCTOBER 31, 2022
AND 2021 

F- 8 

million of indebtedness the Company owed to the Company s Chairman s designee, (ii) a contingent payment of up to
 million based upon a recovery of quarterly revenues of CTM to of its fiscal 2019 levels during the 18-month period following
the sale (which condition was not met), and (iii) a contingent payment if CTM is sold within 36 months of the sale for more than 
million CTM Sale ). As of July 31, 2020, CTM was reported as a discontinued operation and CTM s operations
have since been included in the consolidated financial statements as discontinued operations (See Note 16). As of October 31, 2022, the
18-month period for the contingent payment based upon recovery of quarterly revenue has lapsed and no payment is owed. 

as of October 31, 2022 and 2021. 

F- 9 

years 
 
 Furniture fixtures 
 - years 
 
 Computer software 
 - years 
 
 Leasehold improvements 

years. 

that the fair value of the reporting unit is less than its carrying amount. The qualitative assessment considers macroeconomic
conditions, industry and market considerations, cost factors and overall company financial performance. If the reporting unit does not
pass the qualitative assessment, the carrying amount of the reporting unit, including goodwill, is compared to its fair value. When the
carrying amount of the reporting unit exceeds its fair value, a goodwill impairment loss is recognized up to a maximum amount of the recorded
goodwill related to the reporting unit. Goodwill impairment losses are not reversed. There was no impairment loss of goodwill for the
fiscal years ended October 31, 2022 and 2021. 

F- 10 

and , respectively. 

The carrying amounts and classification of the VIEs assets are presented below: 

F- 11 

and , respectively. 

F- 12 

and , respectively. 

months or less are not recorded on the balance sheet. Fixed lease expense for lease payments is recognized
in the consolidated statements of operations on a straight-line basis over the lease term and variable lease payments in the period in
which the obligation for those payments is incurred. 

F- 13 

significant customers, Penguin Random House PRH and Diamond Comic Distributors, Inc. Diamond ), that posed
a concentration risk. From June 1, 2022, only PRH 

poses a concentration risk. 

and of consolidated revenue in
the fiscal years ended October 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The receivable balances represented and of consolidated receivables
at October 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

and of the total consolidated revenues for the fiscal years ended
October 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The receivable balances from Diamond represented and of consolidated receivables at October
31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

and of the total consolidated revenue in the fiscal years ended October 31, 2022 and 2021,
respectively. 

and of consolidated receivables at October 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

F- 14 

as of October 31, 2021 and increased accumulated deficit
by as of October 31, 2020. This error had no impact on net loss, loss per share, or net cash provided by operating activities
for the years ended October 31, 2021 and 2020. 

Total current liabilities 

Total liabilities 

Accumulated deficit 

Total stockholders equity 

Total stockholders equity 

percent likely of being realized upon ultimate settlement. Differences between tax positions taken in
a tax return and amounts recognized in the financial statements will generally result in one or more of the following: an increase in
a liability for income taxes payable, a reduction of an income tax refund receivable, a reduction in a deferred tax asset, or an increase
in a deferred tax liability (See Note 14). 

F- 15 

F- 16 

and shares of unvested restricted Class B common stock, options
to purchase and shares of Class B common stock and warrants to purchase and shares of Class B common stock
from the calculation of diluted loss per share for the fiscal years ended October 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, as the effect would
have been anti-dilutive. Therefore, basic and diluted (loss) earnings per share are the same for the fiscal years ended October 31, 2022
and 2021. 

shares of the Company s Class B common stock for gross consideration
of less underwriters commissions of and underwriters expenses of . 

to . 

shares of Class B
common stock were issued to the Company s Chairman, for payment of interest on the loan agreement related to the related party loan
that was paid off as of as part of the sale of CTM on February 15, 2021 (see Note 16). 

F- 17 

shares had an original exercise price of
 and were set to expire on . The shares had an original exercise price of . No additional compensation
cost was incurred from the modification. 

shares of Class B common stock
for the grant of awards under the 2019 Incentive Plan, subject to adjustment. Incentives available under the 2019 Incentive Plan
may include stock options, stock appreciation rights, limited stock appreciation rights, restricted stock, and deferred stock units. On
July 13, 2020, the Board of Directors of the Company increased the number of shares of Class B common stock reserved for the grant of
awards under the 2019 Incentive Plan to , subject to adjustment. On March 11, 2021, the Board of Directors of the Company
increased the number of shares of Class B common stock reserved for the grant of awards under the 2019 Incentive Plan to , subject
to adjustment. On November 8, 2021, the Board of Directors of the Company increased the number of shares of Class B common stock
reserved for the grant of awards under the 2019 Incentive Plan to . The increase was approved on April 5, 2022 at the Company s
2022 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. On January 13, 2022, the Board of Directors of the Company increased the number of shares of Class
B common stock reserved for the grant of awards under the 2019 Incentive Plan to . The increase was approved on April 5, 2022
at the Company s 2022 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. Options are generally granted with an exercise price equal to the market price
of the Company s stock at the date of grant; those options generally vest based on years of continuous service and have -year
contractual terms. As of October 31, 2022, shares remained available to be awarded under the 2019 Incentive Plan. 

F- 18 

- 
 - 
 
 Dividend yield 
 - 
 - 
 
 Risk-free interest 
 - 
 - 
 
 Expected Life (years) 

-

Granted 

-

Exercised 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Cancelled / Forfeited 

-
 
 -

Outstanding at October 31, 2022 

-

Exercisable at October 31, 2022 

-

and , respectively. 

, with a weighted average recognition period of years. 

of service. 

F- 19 

Granted 

Vested 

() 

Cancelled / Forfeited 

() 

Non-vested shares at October 31, 2022 

restricted shares of
the Company s Class B common stock were issued to members of the Company s Board of Directors which vested immediately upon
grant. 

shares were cancelled
in connection with the termination of a non-employee s services for the Company. 

restricted shares
of the Company s Class B common stock were issued to the Company s Chairman in and have a vesting period of years. These
shares were issued in lieu of cash compensation for his employment services over the vesting period. 

of total
unrecognized compensation cost related to non-vested restricted shares stock-based compensation arrangements, which is expected to be
recognized over the next years. 

and in the fiscal years ended October 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

-

-

(Loss) income from operations 

() 

-

() 

() 
 
 Net (loss) income 

() 

-

() 

() 
 
 Fiscal year ended October 31, 2021 

Revenues 

-

-

Loss from operations 

() 

() 

-

() 

() 
 
 Loss from discontinued operations, net 

-

-

() 

-

() 
 
 Net (loss) income 

() 

() 

() 

() 

F- 20 

at IDWP, at IDWE, and at IDWMH. 

at IDWP, 
at IDWE, and at IDWMH. 

Less allowance for sales returns 

Trade accounts receivable, net 

Performance obligations satisfied during the period that were included in the deferred revenue balance at the beginning of the year 

() 

() 
 
 Increases due to invoicing prior to satisfaction of performance obligations 

- 

Return of previously collected funds 

- 

() 
 
 Ending Balance 

- 

Finished goods 

Total 

F- 21 

Insurance 

Games printing 

Employer retention credit receivable (see Note 15) 
 
 -

Other prepaids 

Total 

Furniture and Fixtures 

Leasehold improvements 

Computer software 

Total 

Less accumulated depreciation 

Property and equipment, net 

and 
for fiscal years ended October 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. During the fiscal year ended October 31, 2022, the Company disposed of
leasehold improvements, computers, furniture, and other equipment as a result of the office relocations and the expiration of the warehouse
lease, resulting in the removal of from gross property and equipment and from accumulated depreciation. 

years 

Software 
 years 
 
 -

Total amortized intangible assets 

Database development costs 

Total in-process intangible assets 

Less accumulated depreciation 

Intangible assets, net 

F- 22 

and 
for the fiscal years ended October 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 and thereafter 

- 

Total 

Total 

Television cost impairments 

Total 

over the next twelve months ending October 31, 2023. The impairments in the fiscal year ended October 31, 2022 were due to management s
periodic assessment of in-development projects resulting in write-offs of costs for projects that have expired or are no longer being
pursued. The impairment in the fiscal year ended October 31, 2021 relates to the adoption of ASU 2019-02 (See Note 1). 

F- 23 

Residuals 

Payroll, bonus, accrued vacation and payroll taxes 

Executive producing fees 
 
 -

Printing 

Other 

Total 

years, including leases of office space and equipment. Some leases include options to purchase, terminate or
extend for one or more years. These extension options are included in the lease term when it is reasonably certain that the option will
be exercised. 

square feet of general office space at 2355 Northside Drive, Suite 140, San Diego, CA pursuant to a 39-month
lease that commenced on June 1, 2022. The Company pays rent of annually, subject to annual escalations of . 

square feet of general office space at 14144 Ventura Blvd, Suite 210, Sherman Oaks, CA pursuant to a 60-month
lease that commenced on August 1, 2022. The Company pays rent of annually, subject to annual escalations of . 

years, with a weighted-average discount rate of as of October 31, 2022. 

and for the fiscal years ended October 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The cash paid under operating leases
was and for the fiscal years ended October 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

and accumulated amortization related to operating leases of , both of which are included
as a component of right-of-use assets. At October 31, 2021, the Company had a right-of-use-asset related to operating leases of 
and accumulated amortization related to operating leases of . 

F- 24 

2024 

2025 

2026 

Thereafter 

Total minimum lease payments 

Less: imputed interest 

Present value of future minimum lease payments 

Exercise of stock options and lapsing of restrictions on restricted stock 

Impairment 

- 

Amortization 

Net operating loss 

Total deferred tax assets 

Valuation allowance 

() 

() 
 
 Net Deferred Tax Assets 

- 

- 

() 
 
 Change in valuation allowance 

State and local income tax, net of federal benefit 

() 

() 
 
 Tax law change 

- 

() 
 
 Non-deductible expenses 

- 

Other 

- 

(Benefit from) provision for income taxes 

- 

- 

million. These carry-forward losses are available to offset future U.S. federal taxable
income. The pre-fiscal year 2019 net operating loss carryforwards will start to expire in fiscal 2030 and post-fiscal year 2019 losses
of million will not expire. 

F- 25 

of qualified
wages paid to employees during calendar 2021 for a maximum credit per employee of per employee for each calendar quarter through
December 31, 2021. 

as an offset to payroll tax expenses within selling, general and administrative expenses in the
Company s consolidated statements of operations. The Company received of the refund in cash in the third quarter of fiscal
2022. As of October 31, 2022, the Company has a receivable balance for unsettled ERCs within prepaid expenses and other current
assets on its consolidated balance sheet. 

F- 26 

was forgiven in part of the sale and the Company recorded a
gain of based on CTM s net asset value as of the CTM Sale Date. CTM s assets are no longer reflected on the consolidated
financial statements for the periods following the CTM Sale Date and CTM s operations are only consolidated in the Company s
consolidated statements of operations results until the CTM Sale Date. There was no contingent gain recorded since there was no foreseeable
contingent payments to the Company. 

Direct cost of revenue 

Selling, general and administrative 

Depreciation and amortization 

Bad Debt 

Total costs and expenses 

Loss from operations 

Interest expense, net 

Other income (expense), net 

Loss before income taxes 

(Provision for) benefit from income taxes 
 -

Net loss 

F- 27 

Amortization of finance lease 

Amortization of right-of-use assets 

Capital expenditure 

Gain on extinguishment of PPP loan 

and shares
of the Company s Class B common stock at a price of and , respectively, with an original expiration date of March 30,
2022 and August 21, 2023, respectively. On March 29, 2022, the exercise price of these warrants was amended to and the expiration
date for the was amended to August 21, 2023. No additional compensation cost was incurred from the modification. 

was forgiven in part of the sale and the Company recorded
a gain of based on CTM s net asset value as of the CTM Sale Date. 

in fiscal 2022. 

and of expenses
for these services in the fiscal years ended October 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. As of October 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company was
owed and by the affiliate, respectively. 

F- 28 

and for the fiscal years ended October 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

. A plan is in the Yellow Zone (Endangered) or Orange Zone (Seriously Endangered) if
it has a current funded percentage of less than , or projects a credit balance deficit within . A plan is in the Green Zone
(Healthy) if it has a current funded percentage greater than and does not have a projected credit balance deficit within .
The Funding Improvement Plan FIP )/Rehabilitation Plan RP status column indicates plans for which a FIP
or RP is either pending or in place. 

Employer Identification Number 

Plan Number 

PPA Status 2022 

PPA Status 2021 

FIP/RP Status Pending/Implemented 

Company s Contributions 2022 

Company s Contribution 2021 

Company Contributions > 2022 

Company Contributions > 2021 

Plan s year-end 

F- 29 

<EX-4.1>
 2
 f10k2022ex4-1_idwmedia.htm
 DESCRIPTION OF THE REGISTRANT'S SECURITIES REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

Exhibit 4.1 

DESCRIPTION OF THE REGISTRANT S SECURITIES 

 REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12 OF THE 

 SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

Our authorized capital stock consists of (i) 20
million shares of Class B common stock, (ii) 2.5 million shares of Class C common stock, and (iii) .5 million shares of Preferred Stock. 

The following description of our classes of authorized
stock does not purport to be complete and is subject to and qualified in its entirety by reference to our charter and bylaws, copies of
which are filed as exhibits to the Annual Report on Form 10-K to which this Exhibit 4.1 is a part. 

Class B Common Stock 

Holders of shares of Class B Common Stock are entitled
to one-tenth of one vote for each share on all matters to be voted on by the stockholders. Holders of Class B Common Stock are entitled
to share ratably in dividends, if any, as may be declared from time to time by the Board of Directors in its discretion from funds legally
available therefor. There are no conversion or redemption rights or sinking fund provisions with respect to the Class B Common Stock. 

As of January 17, 2023, there were 13,582,431 shares
of Class B common stock outstanding. 

Class C Common Stock 

Holders of shares of Class C common stock are entitled
to three votes for each share on all matters to be voted on by the stockholders. Holders of Class C common stock are entitled to share
ratably in dividends, if any, as may be declared from time to time by the Board of Directors in its discretion from funds legally available
therefor. Each share of Class C common stock may be converted, at any time and at the option of the holder thereof, into one fully paid
and non-assessable share of Class B common stock. In the event a holder of shares of Class C common stock transfers such shares to a transferee
other than to a Permitted Transferee, upon transfer, each share of Class C common stock is automatically converted into one fully paid
and non-assessable share of Class B common stock. 

A Permitted Transferee is defined in our Fourth
Restated Certificate of Incorporation as follows: 

(i) 
 In the case of any stockholder, the Corporation or any one or more of its directly or indirectly wholly owned subsidiaries; 

(ii) 
 In the case of a stockholder who is a natural person: 

The spouse of such stockholder (the Spouse ),
any lineal ancestor of such stockholder or of the Spouse, and any person who is a lineal descendant of a grandparent of such stockholder
or of the Spouse, or a spouse of any such lineal descendent or such lineal ancestor (collectively, the Family Members ); 

A trust (including a voting trust) exclusively
for the benefit of one or more of (x) such stockholder, (y) one or more of his or her Family Members or (z) an organization to which contributions
are deductible under 501(c)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, or any successor provision (the Internal Revenue
Code or for estate or gift tax purposes (a Charitable Organization ); provided that such trust may include a general
or special power of appointment for such stockholder or Family Members (a Trust ); provided, further, that if by reason of
any change in the beneficiaries of such Trust, such Trust would not have qualified, at the time of the transfer of Class C common stock
to such Trust (for purposes of this sub-paragraph (B), the Transfer Date ), as a Permitted Transferee, all shares of Class
C common stock so transferred to such Trust shall, effective on the date of such change of beneficiary, be automatically converted, without
further act on anyone s part, into an equal number of shares of Class B common stock, and the stock certificates formerly representing
such shares of Class C common stock shall thereupon and thereafter be deemed to represent the like number of shares of Class B Stock; 

A Charitable Organization established solely
by one or more of such stockholder or a Family Member; 

An Individual Retirement Account, as defined
in Section 408(a) of the Internal Revenue Code, of which such stockholder is a participant or beneficiary, provided that such stockholder
has the power to direct the investment of funds deposited into such Individual Retirement Account and to control the voting of securities
held by such Individual Retirement Account (an IRA ); 

A pension, profit sharing, stock bonus
or other type of plan or trust of which such Stockholder is a participant or beneficiary and which satisfies the requirements for qualification
under Section 401(k) of the Internal Revenue Code, provided that such Stockholder has the power to direct the investment of funds deposited
into such plan or trust and to control the voting of securities held by such plan or trust (a Plan ); 

Any corporation or partnership directly
or indirectly controlled, individually or as a group, only by such stockholder and/or any of his Permitted Transferees as determined under
this clause (ii); provided, that if by reason of any change in the direct or indirect control of such corporation or partnership, such
corporation or partnership would not have qualified, at the time of the Transfer of Class C common stock to such corporation or partnership,
as a Permitted Transferee of such stockholder, all shares of Class C common stock so transferred to such corporation or partnership shall,
effective on the date of such direct or indirect change in control, be automatically converted, without further act on anyone s
part, into an equal number of shares of Class B common stock, and the stock certificates formerly representing such shares of Class C
common stock shall thereupon and thereafter be deemed to represent the like number of shares of Class B common stock; and 

The estate, executor, executrix or other
personal representative, custodian, administrator or guardian of such Stockholder. 

(iii) 
 In the case of a stockholder holding the shares of Class C common stock in question as trustee of an IRA, a Plan or a Trust, Permitted Transferee means (x) the person who transferred Class C common stock to such IRA, such Plan or such Trust, (y) any Permitted Transferee of any such person determined pursuant to this Section 2(e) and (z) any successor trustee or trustees in such capacity of such IRA, such Plan or such Trust; 

(iv) 
 In the case of a stockholder which is a partnership, Permitted Transferee means any other person, directly or indirectly controlling, controlled by or under direct or indirect common control with such partnership, provided that, if by reason of any change in the direct or indirect control of such person, such person would not have qualified, at the time of the transfer of the Class C common stock to such person, as a Permitted Transferee of such partnership, all shares of Class C common stock so transferred to such person shall, effective on the date of such direct or indirect change in control, be automatically converted, without further act on anyone s part, into an equal number of shares of Class B common stock, and the stock certificates formerly representing such shares of Class C common stock shall thereupon and thereafter be deemed to represent the like number of shares of Class B common stock; 

(v) 
 In the case of a stockholder which is a corporation (other than a Charitable Organization) Permitted Transferee means any other person directly or indirectly controlling, controlled by or under direct or indirect common control with such corporation; provided that if by reason of any change in the direct or indirect control of such person, such person would not have qualified, at the time of the Transfer of the Class C common stock to such person, as a Permitted Transferee of such corporation, all shares of Class C common stock so transferred to such person shall, effective on the date of such direct or indirect change in control be automatically converted, without further act on anyone s part, into an equal number of shares of Class B common stock, and the stock certificates formerly representing such shares of Class C common stock shall thereupon and thereafter be deemed to represent the like number of shares of Class B common stock; and 

(vi) 
 In the case of a stockholder which is the estate of a deceased stockholder or who is the executor, executrix or other personal representative, custodian or administrator of such stockholder, or guardian of a disabled or adjudicated incompetent Stockholder or which is the estate of a bankrupt or insolvent stockholder, which owns the shares of Class C common stock in question, Permitted Transferee means a Permitted Transferee of such deceased, or adjudicated incompetent, disabled, bankrupt or insolvent stockholder as otherwise determined pursuant to this Section 2(e). 

2 

To the extent issued and outstanding shares of Class
C common stock are converted to Class B common stock or in the event shares of Class C common stock are issued in the future and subsequently
converted to Class B common stock, holders of our Class B common stock may suffer dilution. 

As of January 17, 2023, there were 545,360 of our
shares of Class C common stock outstanding. 

Preferred Stock 

The Board of Directors has
the authority to fix the price, rights, preferences, privileges and restrictions, including voting rights, of those shares without any
further vote or action by the stockholders. 

As of January 17, 2023, there were no shares of
our preferred stock were outstanding. 

Anti-Takeover Effects of Our Charter and By-Laws 

Some provisions of Delaware
law and our Certificate of Incorporation and By-Laws could make the following more difficult: 

acquisition of us by means of a tender offer; 

acquisition of us by means of a proxy contest or otherwise; or 

removal of our incumbent officers and directors. 

These provisions, summarized
below, are expected to discourage coercive takeover practices and inadequate takeover bids. These provisions also are designed to encourage
persons seeking to acquire control of us to first negotiate with our Board of Directors. We believe that the benefits of increased protection
give us the potential ability to negotiate with the proponent of an unfriendly or unsolicited proposal to acquire or restructure us and
outweigh the disadvantages of discouraging those proposals because negotiation of them could result in an improvement of their terms. 

Certificate of Incorporation; By-Laws 

Our Certificate of Incorporation
and By-Laws contain provisions that could make more difficult the acquisition of us by means of a tender offer, a proxy contest or otherwise.
These provisions are summarized below. 

Undesignated Preferred Stock. The
authorization of our undesignated preferred stock makes it possible for our Board of Directors to issue our preferred stock with voting
or other rights or preferences that could impede the success of any attempt to change control of us. These and other provisions may have
the effect of deferring hostile takeovers or delaying changes of control of our management. 

Size of Board and Vacancies. Our
Certificate of Incorporation provides that the number of directors on our Board of Directors will be fixed exclusively by our Board of
Directors. Newly created directorships resulting from any increase in our authorized number of directors or any vacancies in our Board
of Directors resulting from death, resignation, retirement, disqualification, removal from office or other cause will be filled solely
by the vote of our remaining directors in office. 

Stockholder Meetings. Under
our By-Laws, only (i) our Chairman of the Board, (ii) our Chairman, (iii) our Chief Executive Officer, (iv) our President, (v) our Corporate
Secretary, (vi) a majority of our Board of Directors, or (vii) stockholders owning issued and outstanding capital stock of us representing
not less than a majority of the voting power of all of our issued and outstanding capital stock may call special meetings of our stockholders. 

3 

</EX-4.1>

<EX-21.01>
 3
 f10k2022ex21-01_idwmedia.htm
 SUBSIDIARIES OF THE REGISTRANT

Exhibit 21.01 

DOMESTIC SUBSIDIARIES 

Idea and Design Works LLC (California) 

 IDW Entertainment, LLC (California) 

</EX-21.01>

<EX-23.1>
 4
 f10k2022ex23-1_idwmedia.htm
 CONSENT OF ZWICK CPA, LLC, INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

Exhibit 23.1 

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM 

We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference
in this annual report of IDW Media Holdings, Inc. of our report dated January 19, 2023 on our audits of the consolidated balance sheets
of IDW Media Holdings, Inc. as of October 31, 2022 and 2021 and related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive loss, stockholders 
equity, and cash flows for each of the years in the two-year period ended October 31, 2022, appearing in the Company s annual report
for the year ended October 31, 2022. 

/s/ ZWICK CPA, PLLC 

f/k/a Zwick Banyai, PLLC 

Southfield, Michigan 

January 19, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.01>
 5
 f10k2022ex31-01_idwmedia.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.01 

Certification of Chief Executive Officer 
pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

I, Allan I. Grafman, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of IDW Media Holdings, Inc.; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this Report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this Report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: January 19, 2023 

/s/ Allan I. Grafman 

Allan I. Grafman 

Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.01>

<EX-31.02>
 6
 f10k2022ex31-02_idwmedia.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.02 

Certification of Principal Financial Officer 

 pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002 

I, Brooke T. Feinstein, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of IDW Media Holdings, Inc.; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this Report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this Report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: January 19, 2023 

/s/ Brooke T. Feinstein 

Brooke T. Feinstein 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.02>

<EX-32.01>
 7
 f10k2022ex32-01_idwmedia.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.01 

IDW MEDIA HOLDINGS, INC. 

 Certification Pursuant to 
18 U.S.C. Section 1350 
(as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of 
the Sarbanes-Oxley Act Of 2002) 

In connection with the Annual Report of IDW Media
Holdings, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the annual period ended October 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and
Exchange Commission (the Report ), I, Allan I. Grafman, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.
 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to my knowledge: 

1. 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: January 19, 2023 

/s/ Allan I. Grafman 

Allan I. Grafman 

Chief Executive Officer 

A signed original of this written statement required
by Section 906, or other document authenticating, acknowledging, or otherwise adopting the signature that appears in typed form within
the electronic version of this written statement required by Section 906, has been provided to IDW Media Holdings, Inc. and will be retained
by IDW Media Holdings, Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.01>

<EX-32.02>
 8
 f10k2022ex32-02_idwmedia.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.02 

IDW MEDIA HOLDINGS, INC. 

 Certification Pursuant to 

 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 

 (as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of 

 the Sarbanes-Oxley Act Of 2002) 

In connection with the Annual Report of IDW Media
Holdings, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the annual period ended October 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and
Exchange Commission (the Report ), I, Brooke T. Feinstein, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18
U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to my knowledge: 

1. 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: January 19, 2023 

/s/ Brooke T. Feinstein 

Brooke T. Feinstein 

Chief Financial Officer 

A signed original of this written statement required
by Section 906, or other document authenticating, acknowledging, or otherwise adopting the signature that appears in typed form within
the electronic version of this written statement required by Section 906, has been provided to IDW Holdings, Inc. and will be retained
by IDW Media Holdings, Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.02>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 idwm-20221031.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 10
 idwm-20221031_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 idwm-20221031_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 12
 idwm-20221031_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 idwm-20221031_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

