<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230308_10-K_edgar_data_1478454_0001437749-23-005778.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>19660334</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>333579</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2180865</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>8338643</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3891505</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>4279299</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001437749-23-005778.hdr.sgml : 20230308
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230308142818
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001437749-23-005778
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		125
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230308
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230308

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Eagle Bancorp Montana, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001478454
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	STATE COMMERCIAL BANKS [6022]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-34682
		FILM NUMBER:		23715660

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1400 PROSPECT AVE.
		STREET 2:		P.O. BOX 4999
		CITY:			HELENA
		STATE:			MT
		ZIP:			59604
		BUSINESS PHONE:		406-442-3080

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1400 PROSPECT AVE.
		STREET 2:		P.O. BOX 4999
		CITY:			HELENA
		STATE:			MT
		ZIP:			59604

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001437749-23-005778.txt : 20230308

10-K
 1
 ebmt20221231_10k.htm
 FORM 10-K

ebmt20221231_10k.htm 

Table of Contents 
 UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C . 20549 
 
 FORM 
 
 (Mark One) 
 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For the fiscal year ended 
 
 or 
 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For the transition period from to 

Commission file number 

Eagle Bancorp Montana, Inc. 
 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

State or other jurisdiction of (I.R.S. Employer 
 incorporation or organization Identification No.) 

, , 
 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 

Registrant s telephone number, including area code - 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 
 Title of each class Trading symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 Global Market 

Securities registered pursuant to section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. 
 Yes 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. 
 Yes 

Table of Contents 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. 
 No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). 
 No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer 
 
 Smaller reporting company 
 
 Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management's assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant's executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10d-1(b). 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). 
 Yes No 
 
 The aggregate market value of the common stock held by non-affiliates of Eagle, computed by reference to the closing price at which the stock was sold as of June 30, 2022 was . The outstanding number of shares of common stock of Eagle as of February 28, 2023 was . 
 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
 
 Portions of the Company s definitive Proxy Statement relating to its 2023 annual meeting of stockholders 2023 Proxy Statement are incorporated by reference into Part III of this Form 10-K. The 2023 Proxy Statement will be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission within 120 days after the Company s fiscal year end to which this report relates. 

Table of Contents 

Page 

PART I 

ITEM 1. 
 DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS 
 2 

ITEM 1A. 
 RISK FACTORS 
 14 

ITEM 1B. 
 UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 20 

ITEM 2. 
 PROPERTIES 
 20 

ITEM 3. 
 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 20 

ITEM 4. 
 MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 20 

PART II 

ITEM 5. 
 MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 21 

ITEM 6. 
 [ RESERVED ] 
 22 

ITEM 7. 
 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 22 

ITEM 7A. 
 QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 41 

ITEM 8. 
 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 41 

ITEM 9. 
 CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 41 

ITEM 9A. 
 CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 42 

ITEM 9B. 
 OTHER INFORMATION 
 42 

ITEM 9C. 
 DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 42 

PART III 

ITEM 10. 
 DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 43 

ITEM 11. 
 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 43 

ITEM 12. 
 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 43 

ITEM 13. 
 CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 43 

ITEM 14. 
 PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 
 43 

PART IV 

ITEM 15. 
 EXHIBIT AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 43 

ITEM 16. 
 FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 46 

Table of Contents 

CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K includes forward-looking statements within the meaning and protections of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Act, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act. All statements other than statements of historical fact are statements that could be forward-looking statements. You can identify these forward-looking statements through our use of words such as may, will, anticipate, assume, should, indicate, would, believe, contemplate, expect, estimate, continue, plan, project, could, intend, target and other similar words and expressions of the future. These forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to: 

statements of our goals, intentions and expectations; 

statements regarding our business plans, prospects, growth and operating strategies; 

statements regarding the current global COVID-19 pandemic; 

statements regarding the asset quality of our loan and investment portfolios; and 

estimates of our risks and future costs and benefits. 

These forward-looking statements are based on current beliefs and expectations of the management of Eagle Bancorp Montana, Inc. Eagle or the Company and Opportunity Bank of Montana OBMT or the Bank ), Eagle s wholly-owned subsidiary, and are inherently subject to significant business, economic and competitive uncertainties and contingencies, many of which are beyond our control. In addition, these forward-looking statements are subject to assumptions with respect to future business strategies and decisions that are subject to change. 
 
 The following factors, among others, could cause the Company s actual results to differ materially from the anticipated results or other expectations expressed in the forward-looking statements: 

changes in laws or government regulations or policies affecting financial institutions, including changes in regulatory fees and capital requirements; 

the potential adverse effects of the ongoing novel coronavirus, or COVID-19, pandemic, or other unusual and infrequently occurring events and any governmental or societal responses thereto; 

local, regional, national and international economic and market conditions and events and the impact they may have on us, our customers and our assets and liabilities; 

competition among depository and other traditional and non-traditional financial services businesses; 

risks related to the concentration of our business in Montana, including risks associated with changes in the prices, values and sales volume of residential and commercial real estate in Montana; 

inflation and changes in the interest rate environment that reduce our margins or reduce the fair value of financial instruments; 

our ability to attract deposits and other sources of funding or liquidity; 

changes or volatility in the securities markets; 

the payment of dividends on our common stock is subject to regulatory supervision as well as the discretion of our Board of Directors, our performance and other factors; 

our ability to implement our growth strategy, including identifying and consummating suitable acquisitions, raising additional capital to finance such transactions, entering new markets, possible failures in realizing the anticipated benefits from such acquisitions and an inability of our personnel, systems and infrastructure to keep pace with such growth; 

the effect of acquisitions we may make, if any, including, without limitation, the failure to achieve expected revenue growth and/or expense savings from such acquisitions; 

risks related to the integration of any businesses we have acquired or expect to acquire, including exposure to potential asset quality and credit quality risks and unknown or contingent liabilities, the time and costs associated with integrating systems, technology platforms, procedures and personnel; 

potential impairment on the goodwill we have recorded or may record in connection with business acquisitions; 

ownership dilution risk associated with potential mergers and acquisitions in which our stock may be issued as consideration for an acquired company; 

political developments, uncertainties or instability; 

our ability to enter new markets successfully and capitalize on growth opportunities; 

the need to retain capital for strategic or regulatory reasons; 

changes in consumer spending, borrowing and savings habits; 

our ability to continue to increase and manage our commercial and residential real estate, multi-family and commercial business loans; 

possible impairments of securities held by us, including those issued by government entities and government sponsored enterprises; 

the level of future deposit insurance premium assessments; 

our ability to develop and maintain secure and reliable information technology systems, effectively defend ourselves against cyberattacks, or recover from breaches to our cybersecurity infrastructure and our dependence on the technology of outside service providers; 

the failure of assumptions underlying the establishment of allowance for possible loan losses and other estimates; 

changes in the financial performance and/or condition of our borrowers and their ability to repay their loans when due; and 

the effect of changes in accounting policies and practices, as may be adopted by the regulatory agencies, as well as the Securities and Exchange Commission, the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board, the Financial Accounting Standards Board and other accounting and auditing standard setters; 

our ability to appropriately address any environmental, social, governmental and sustainability concerns that may arise from our business activities. 

Because of these and other uncertainties, our actual future results may be materially different from the results indicated by these forward-looking statements. For a further list and description of various risks, relevant factors and uncertainties that could cause future results or events to differ materially from those expressed or implied in our forward-looking statements, see the Item 1A, Risk Factors and Item 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations sections contained elsewhere in this report, as well as any subsequent Reports on Form 10-Q and Form 8-K, and other filings with the SEC. We do not undertake any obligation to publicly update or correct any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances that subsequently occur, or of which we hereafter become aware. We caution that the foregoing list of risk factors is not exclusive and not to place undue reliance on forward-looking statements. 

1

Table of Contents 

PART I 

ITEM 1. 
 DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS. 

Overview 
 
 Eagle Bancorp Montana, Inc. Eagle or the Company ), a Delaware corporation, is a bank holding company registered under the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956 that holds 100 of the capital stock of Opportunity Bank of Montana (the Bank ), formerly American Federal Savings Bank AFSB ). The Bank was founded in 1922 as a Montana-chartered building and loan association and has conducted operations and maintained its administrative office in Helena, Montana since that time. In 1975, the Bank adopted a federal thrift charter and in October 2014 converted to a Montana chartered commercial bank and became a member bank in the Federal Reserve System. The Bank currently has 31 full-service branches and 44 automated teller machines located in our market areas and we participate in the Money Pass ATM network. The Bank also operated certain branches under the brand names Dutton State Bank, Farmers State Bank of Denton and The State Bank of Townsend. Effective January 3, 2022, these branches were rebranded and are now only operating as Opportunity Bank of Montana. 
 
 We provide loan and deposit services to customers who are predominantly small businesses and individuals throughout Montana. We are a diversified lender with a focus on residential mortgage loans, commercial real estate mortgage loans, commercial business loans, agricultural loans and second mortgage/home equity loan products. 
 
 The Bank is headquartered at 1400 Prospect Avenue, Helena, Montana, 59601. Investor information for the Company may be found at www.opportunitybank.com . The contents on or accessible through our website are not incorporated into this report. 

Recent Events 
 
 Acquisitions 
 
 As a continuing part of its growth strategy, the Company intends to enhance its market share in Montana through organic growth and opportunistic acquisitions. Potential acquisitions are periodically evaluated by the Company's Merger and Acquisition Committee. 
 
 In April 2022, the Company acquired First Community Bancorp, Inc. ("FCB"), a Montana corporation, and FCB's wholly-owned subsidiary, First Community Bank, a Montana chartered commercial bank. In the transaction, Eagle acquired nine retail bank branches and two loan production offices in Montana. The total consideration paid was 38.58 million and included cash consideration of 10.23 million and common stock issued of 28.35 million. 
 
 In January 2020, the Company acquired Western Holding Company of Wolf Point, a Montana corporation WHC ), and WHC s wholly-owned subsidiary, Western Bank of Wolf Point, a Montana chartered commercial bank WB merged into the Bank. In the transaction, Eagle acquired one retail branch in Wolf Point, Montana. The total consideration paid was 14.97 million and included cash consideration of 6.50 million and common stock issued of 8.47 million. 

2

Table of Contents 

In January 2019, the Company acquired Big Muddy Bancorp, Inc. BMB ).This acquisition included four branches in Townsend, Dutton, Denton and Choteau, Montana. The total consideration paid was 16.44 million of Eagle common stock issued. 
 
 In January 2018, the Company acquired TwinCo, Inc. TwinCo ). This acquisition included two branches in Madison County, Montana. The total consideration paid was 18.93 million and included cash consideration of 9.90 million and common stock issued of 9.03 million. 

Business Strategy 
 
 Our principal strategy is to continue our profitability through building a diversified loan portfolio and operating the Bank as a full-service community bank that offers both retail and commercial loan and deposit products in all of its markets. We offer mortgage loans, the majority of which are sold on the secondary market with loan servicing retained. We believe that this focus will enable us to continue to grow our franchise, while maintaining our commitment to customer service, high asset quality and sustained net earnings. 
 
 The following are the key elements of our business strategy: 

Continue to diversify our portfolio by emphasizing our growth in commercial real estate and commercial business loans, including agricultural loans, as a complement to our single family residential real estate lending while maintaining disciplined credit underwriting standards. As of December 31, 2022 , commercial real estate and commercial business loans constituted approximately 78.04 of total loans; 

Continue to emphasize the attraction and retention of lower cost core deposits; 

Seek opportunities where presented to acquire other institutions or expand our branch network through opening new branches and/or loan production offices; 

Maintain our strong asset quality; and 

Operate as a community-oriented independent financial institution that offers a broad array of financial services with high levels of customer service. 

Our results of operations may be significantly affected by our ability to effectively implement our business strategy including our plans for expansion through strategic acquisitions. If we are unable to effectively integrate and manage acquired or merged businesses or attract significant new business through our branching efforts, our financial performance may be negatively affected. 

Market Areas 
 
 We conduct business through our headquarters in Helena, Montana, in addition to 30 oth er full-service branches located in Ashland, Big Timber, Billings, Bozeman, Butte, Choteau, Culbertson, Denton, Dutton, Froid, Glasgow, Great Falls, Hamilton, Helena, Hinsdale, Livingston, Missoula, Sheridan, Three Forks, Townsend, Twin Bridges, Winifred and Wolf Point, Montana. 
 
 Montana is one of the largest states in terms of land mass but ranks as one of the least populated states. According to U.S. Census Bureau data for 2020, it had a population of 1.08 millio n. Helena is Montana s state capital and is the county seat of Lewis and Clark County. It is located within 120 miles of four of Montana's other five largest cities: Missoula, Great Falls, Bozeman and Butte, and is approximately midway between Yellowstone and Glacier National Parks. Significant contributors to Montana's economy are agriculture, construction, energy production, for estry, healthcare, manufacturing, mining and the service industry. Tourism is also a large part of Montana's economy and is highly influenced by national parks, ski resorts, lakes and rural scenic areas. 
 
 The following table reflects our deposit market share and ranking by county: 

County 
 
 Total Market Share Percentage (1) 

Deposit Market Share Rank (1) 

Broadwater, MT 

100.00 

1 

Cascade, MT 

0.91 

9 

Fergus, MT 

6.35 

5 

Gallatin, MT 

4.84 

7 

Lewis and Clark, MT 

13.34 

4 

Madison, MT 

36.27 

2 

Missoula, MT 

1.81 

9 

Park, MT 

8.83 

5 

Ravalli, MT 

3.29 

7 

Roosevelt, MT 

60.44 

1 

Rosebud, MT 

8.29 

3 

Silver Bow, MT 

11.00 

4 

Sweet Grass, MT 

36.45 

2 

Teton, MT 

18.15 

2 

Valley, MT 

53.71 

1 

Yellowstone, MT 

0.79 

9 

(1) Source: FDIC.gov-data as o f June 30, 2022. 

3

Table of Contents 

Competition 
 
 We face strong competition in our primary market areas for retail deposits and the origination of loans from both banks and non-bank competitors. Historically, Montana was a unit banking state. This means that the ability of Montana state banks to create branches was either prohibited or significantly restricted. As a result of unit banking, Montana has a significant number of independent financial institutions serving a single commun ity in a single location. While the state s population is approximately 1.12 million people, there are 45 credit unions in Montana as well as one state-chartered thrift institution and 37 commercial banks as of December 31, 2022. Our most direct competition for depositors has historically come from national banks, super-regional banks, locally owned banks, nontraditional internet based banks, thrift institutions and credit unions operating in our primary market areas. Competition in our primary market areas has increased in recent years. Our competition for loans also comes from banks, thrifts, credit unions and government sponsored entities in addition to mortgage bankers and brokers. Through successive acquisitions, the Company has entered several markets in Montana that are predominantly reliant on agriculture. Accordingly, our lending activities in these markets focus on farm and ranch real estate, annual operating lines of credit, and agriculture related term debt. Competition for agricultural loans comes from both traditional Montana banks and an increasing number of nonbank lenders. These nonbank lenders range from government sponsored entities to large national insurance companies. 
 
 Technological advances have made it possible for our competitors, including nonbank competitors, to offer products and services that traditionally were banking products, and for financial institutions and other companies to provide electronic and internet-based financial solutions, including online deposit accounts, electronic payment processing and marketplace lending, without having a physical presence where their customers are located. In addition, many of our non-bank competitors are not subject to the same extensive federal regulations that govern bank holding companies and federally insured banks. In many cases, our competitors have substantially greater resources and lending limits and offer certain services that we do not currently provide. Our principal market areas can be characterized as markets with moderately increasing incomes, relatively low unemployment, increasing wealth (particularly in the growing resort areas such as Bozeman) and moderate population growth. 

Lending Activities 
 
 General 
 
 The Bank originates residential 1-4 family loans held for investment and originated for sale in the secondary market. The banks also originates commercial real estate, home equity, consumer and commercial loans. Residential 1-4 family loans include residential mortgages and construction of residential properties. Commercial real estate loans include loans on multi-family dwellings, nonresidential property, commercial construction and development and farmland loans. Home equity loans include loans secured by the borrower s primary residence. Typically, the property securing such loans is subject to a prior lien. Consumer loans consist of loans secured by collateral other than real estate, such as automobiles, recreational vehicles and boats. Personal loans and lines of credit are made on deposits held by the Bank and on an unsecured basis. Commercial business loans consist of business loans and lines of credit on a secured and unsecured basis and include agriculture production loans. 
 
 Fee Income 
 
 The Bank receives lending related fee income from a variety of sources. Its principal source of this income is from the origination and servicing of sold mortgage loans. Fees generated from mortgage loan servicing generally consist of collecting mortgage payments, maintaining escrow accounts, disbursing payments to investors and foreclosure processing for loans held by others. Mortgage loan servicing fees w ere 4.84 mi llion and 4.10 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Other loan related fee income for late charges and other ancillary fees were 1.01 million a nd 839 ,000 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 Residential 1-4 Family Loans 
 
 The Bank originates residential 1-4 family mortgage loans secured by property located in the Bank s market areas. At December 31, 2022, the Bank's balance of 1-4 family mortgage loans was 135.95 million or 10.03 of total loans. The Bank generally originates residential 1-4 family mortgage loans in amounts of up to 80.0 of the lesser of the appraised value or the selling price of the mortgaged property without requiring private mortgage insurance. A mortgage loan originated by the Bank, whether fixed rate or adjustable rate, can have a term of up to 30 years. The Bank holds substantially all of its adjustable rate and its 8, 10 and 12-year fixed rate loans in portfolio. Adjustable rate loans limit the periodic interest rate adjustment and the minimum and maximum rates that may be charged over the term of the loan. The Bank s fixed rate 15-year and 20-year loans are held in portfolio or sold in the secondary market depending on market conditions. Generally, all 30-year fixed rate loans are sold in the secondary market. The volume of loan sales is dependent on the volume, type and term of loan originations, as well as market conditions. 
 
 The Bank derives a significant portion of its noninterest income from servicing of loans that it has sold. The Bank offers many of the fixed rate loans it originates for sale in the secondary market on a servicing retained basis. This means that we process the borrower s payments and send them to the purchaser of the loan. This retention of servicing enables the Bank to increase fee income and maintain a relationship with the borrower. At December 31, 2022, the Bank had 2.02 bi llion in residential 1-4 family mortgage loans a nd 125.08 million in other loan categories sold with servicing retained. The Bank does not ordinarily purchase home mortgage loans from other financial institutions. 
 
 Property appraisals on real estate securing the Bank s single-family residential loans are made by state certified and licensed independent appraisers who are approved annually by the Board. Appraisals are performed in accordance with applicable regulations and policies. The Bank generally obtains title insurance policies on all first mortgage real estate loans originated. On occasion, refinancing of mortgage loans are approved using title reports instead of title insurance. Title reports are also allowed on home equity loans. Borrowers generally remit funds with each monthly payment of principal and interest, to a loan escrow account from which the Bank makes disbursements for such items as real estate taxes and hazard and mortgage insurance premiums as they become due. 
 
 The Bank also lends funds for the residential 1-4 family construction. Residential 1-4 family construction loans are made both to individual homeowners for the construction of their primary residence and, to a lesser extent, to local builders for the construction of pre-sold houses or houses that are being built for sale in the future. Residential 1-4 family construction loans accounted for 59.76 million or 4.41 of the Bank s total loan portfolio at December 31, 2022. 

4

Table of Contents 

Commercial Real Estate Loans 
 
 The Bank originates commercial real estate loans including loans on multi-family dwellings. Commercial real estate loans made up 39.76 of the Bank s total loan portfolio, or 539.07 million at December 31, 2022. The Bank s commercial real estate loans are primarily permanent loans secured by improved property such as office buildings, retail stores, commercial warehouses and apartment buildings. The terms and conditions of each loan are tailored to the needs of the borrower and based on the financial strength of the project and any guarantors. Generally, commercial real estate loans originated by the Bank will not exceed 80.0 of the appraised value or the selling price of the property, whichever is less. Commerci al real estate loans are typically made with fixed rates of interest and 5 to 15-year maturities. Upon maturity, the loan is repaid or the terms and conditions are renegotiated. Generally, all commercial real estate loans that we originate are secured by property located in the state of Montana and within the market areas of the Bank. T he Bank's largest single commercial real estate loan at December 31, 2022 had an outstanding balance of 12.74 million and is collateralized by commercial real estate located in Helena, Montana. At December 31, 2022 , this loan is performing in accordance with its repayment terms. 
 
 The Bank also lends funds for commercial construction and development. Commercial construction and development loans accounted for 151.15 million or 11.15 of the Bank s total loan portfolio at December 31, 2022. In addition, the bank originates loans secured by farm and ranch real estate. Farmland loans accounted for 136.33 million or 10.06 of the Bank s total loan portfolio at December 31, 2022. 
 
 Home Equity Loans 
 
 The Bank also originates home equity loans. These loans are secured by the borrowers primary residence, but are typically subject to a prior lien, which may or may not be held by the Bank. At December 31, 2022, 74.27 million or 5.48 of our total loans were home equity loans. Borrowers may use the proceeds from the Bank s home equity loans for many purposes, including home improvement, debt consolidation or other purchasing needs. The Bank offers fixed rate, fixed payment home equity loans as well as variable and fixed rate home equity lines of credit. Fixed rate home equity loans typically have terms of no longer than 15 years. 
 
 Home equity loans are secured by real estate but they have historically carried a greater risk than first lien residential mortgages because of the existence of a prior lien on the property securing the loan, as well as the flexibility the borrower has with respect to the loan proceeds. The Bank attempts to minimize this risk by maintaining conservative underwriting policies on such loans. We generally make home equity loans for not more than 85.0 of appraised value of the underlying real estate collateral, less the amount of any existing prior liens on the property securing the loan. 
 
 Consumer Loans 
 
 As part of its strategy to invest in higher yielding shorter term loans, the Bank emphasized growth of its consumer lending portfolio in recent years. This portfolio includes personal loans secured by collateral other than real estate, unsecured personal loans and lines of credit and loans secured by deposits held by the Bank. As of December 31, 2022, consumer loans totaled 27.61 million or 2.04 of the Bank s total loan portfolio. These loans consist primarily of auto loans, RV loans, boat loans, personal loans and credit lines and deposit account loans. Consumer loans are originated in the Bank s market areas and generally have maturities of up to 7 years. For loans secured by savings accounts, the Bank will lend up to 90.0 of the account balance on single payment loans and up to 100.0 for monthly payment loans. 
 
 Consumer loans have a shorter term and generally provide higher interest rates than residential loans. Consumer loans can be helpful in improving the spread between average loan yield and cost of funds and at the same time improve the matching of the maturities of rate sensitive assets and liabilities. 
 
 The underwriting standards employed by the Bank for consumer loans include a determination of the applicant s credit history and an assessment of the applicant s ability to meet existing obligations and payments on the proposed loan. The stability of the applicant s monthly income may be determined by verification of gross monthly income from primary employment, and additionally from any verifiable secondary income. Creditworthiness of the applicant is of primary consideration; however, the underwriting process also includes a comparison of the value of the collateral in relation to the proposed loan amount. 

5

Table of Contents 

Commercial Loans 
 
 Commercial business loans amounted to 127.26 million, or 9.39 of the Bank s total loan portfolio at December 31, 2022. Agricultural production loans amounted to 104.04 million, or 7.68 of the Bank s total loan portfolio at December 31, 2022. The Bank s commercial business loans are traditional business loans and are not secured by real estate. Such loans may be structured as unsecured lines of credit or may be secured by inventory, accounts receivable or other business assets. Agricultural operating loans are generally secured with equipment, cattle, crops or other non-real property and at times the underlying real property. 
 
 Commercial business loans of this nature usually involve greater credit risk than residential 1-4 family loans. The collateral we receive is typically related directly to the performance of the borrower s business which means that repayment of commercial business loans is dependent on the successful operations and income stream of the borrower s business. Such risks can be significantly affected by economic conditions. In addition, commercial lending generally requires substantially greater oversight efforts compared to residential real estate lending. 
 
 Loans to One Borrower 
 
 Under Montana law, commercial banks such as the Ba nk, are subject to certain exemptions and are allowed to select the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency OCC formula used to determine limits on credit concentrations to single borrowers to an amount equal to 15.0 of the institution s total capital. As of December 31, 2022 , the Bank s limit to a single borrower was 30.44 million. Our largest aggregation of loans to one borrower was approximately 28.00 million at December 31, 2022 . The total amount subject to the lending limit at December 31, 2022 was 63.82 million. This consisted of seven loans: six commercial real estate loans each secured by a single property and one construction loan secured by a single property. The first commercial real estate loan had a principal balance of 1.53 million at December 31, 2022 . As of December 31, 2022 , the principal balance on the second commercial real estate loan was 209,000. The third commercial real estate loan had a principal balance of 272,000 as of December 31, 2022 . However, another bank is 50.0 participating in this loan for 272,000. The fourth commercial real estate loan had a principal balance of 12.74 million as of December 31, 2022 . The fifth commercial real estate loan had a principal balance of 3.95 million as of December 31, 2022 .The sixth commercial real estate loan had a principal balance of 9.26 million as of December 31, 2022 . The seventh construction loan had a principal balance of 123,000 as of December 31, 2022 . However, another bank is 50.0 participating in this loan for 123,000. At December 31, 2022 , these loans were performing in accordance with their terms. The Bank maintains the servicing for these loans. 
 
 L oan Solicitation and Processing 
 
 Our customary sources of mortgage loan applications include repeat customers, walk-ins and referrals from home builders and real estate brokers. We also advertise in local newspapers and on local radio and television. We currently have the ability to accept online mortgage loan applications through our website. Our branch managers and loan officers located at our headquarters and in branches, have authority to approve certain types of loans when presented with a completed application. Other loans must be approved at our main offices as disclosed below. Loan consultants or loan brokers are generally not utilized for either residential or commercial lending activities. 
 
 After receiving a loan application from a prospective borrower, a credit report and verifications are obtained to confirm specific information relating to the loan applicant s employment, income and credit standing. When required by our policies, an appraisal of the real estate intended to secure the proposed loan is undertaken by an independent fee appraiser. In connection with the loan approval process, our staff analyzes the loan applications and the property involved. Officers and branch managers are granted lending authority based on the nature of the loan and the managers level of experience. We have established a series of loan committees to approve any loans which may exceed the lending authority of particular officers or branch managers. Three Directors of the Board are required for approval of any loan, or aggregation of loans to a single borrower, that currently exceeds 7.50 million. 
 
 Loan applicants are promptly notified of the decision by a letter setting forth the terms and conditions of the decision. If approved, these terms and conditions include the amount of the loan, interest rate basis, amortization term, a brief description of real estate to be mortgaged, tax escrow and the notice of requirement of insurance coverage to be maintained. We generally require title insurance on first mortgage loans and fire and casualty insurance on all properties securing loans, which insurance must be maintained during the entire term of the loan. 

6

Table of Contents 

Loan Commitments 
 
 We generally provide commitments to fund fixed and adjustable-rate single-family mortgage loans for periods up to 60 days at a specified term and interest rate, and other loan categories for shorter time periods. The total amount of loans in process of origination for sale into the secondary market with interest rate lock commitments was 18.60 million as of December 31, 2022. 

Investment Activities 
 
 General 
 
 State-chartered commercial banks such as the Bank have the authority to invest in various types of investment securities, including United States Treasury obligations, securities of various Federal agencies (including securities collateralized by mortgages), certificates of deposits of insured banks and savings institutions, municipal securities, corporate debt securities and loans to other banking institutions. 
 
 Eagle maintains liquid assets that may be invested in specified short-term securities and other investments. Liquidity levels may be increased or decreased depending on the yields on investment alternatives. They may also be increased based on management s judgment as to the attractiveness of yields available in relation to other opportunities. Liquidity levels can also change based on management s expectation of future yield levels, as well as management s projections as to the short-term demand for funds to be used in the Bank s loan origination and other activities. 
 
 Investment Policies 
 
 The investment policy of Eagle, which is established by the Board, is designed to foster earnings and liquidity within prudent interest rate risk guidelines, while complementing the Bank s lending activities. The policy provides for available-for-sale (including those accounted for under ASC Topic 825), held-to-maturity and trading classifications. However, Eagle currently does not hold any securities for purposes of trading or held-to-maturity. The policy permits investments in high credit quality instruments with diversified cash flows while permitting us to maximize total return within the guidelines set forth in our interest rate risk and liquidity management policies. Permitted investments include but are not limited to U.S. government obligations, government agency or government-sponsored agency obligations, state, county and municipal obligations, asset-backed securities and mortgage-backed securities MBSs ). Collateralized mortgage obligations CMOs ), investment grade corporate debt securities and commercial paper are also included. 
 
 Our investment policy also includes several specific guidelines and restrictions to ensure adherence with safe and sound activities. The policy prohibits investments in high-risk mortgage derivative products (as defined within the policy) without prior approval from the Board. To secure such approval, management must demonstrate the business advantage of such investments. 
 
 We do not participate in the use of off-balance sheet derivative financial instruments, except interest rate caps and floors. Further, Eagle does not invest in securities which are not rated investment grade at time of purchase. 
 
 The Board, through its asset/liability committee, has charged the President and CEO with implementation of the investment policy. All transactions are reported to the Board monthly, as well as the current composition of the portfolio, including market values and unrealized gains and losses. 

Sources of Funds 
 
 General 
 
 Deposits are the major source of our funds for lending and other investment purposes. Borrowings are also used to compensate for reductions in the availability of funds from other sources. In addition to deposits and borrowings, we derive funds from loans and investment securities principal payments. Funds are also derived from proceeds for the maturity, call and sale of investment securities and from the sale of loans. Loan and investment securities principal payments are a relatively stable source of funds, while loan prepayments and deposit inflows are significantly influenced by general interest rates and financial market conditions. 

7

Table of Contents 

Deposits 
 
 We offer a variety of deposit accounts. Deposit account terms vary, primarily as to the required minimum balance amount, the amount of time that the funds must remain on deposit and the applicable interest rate. 
 
 Our current deposit products include certificates of deposit accounts ranging in terms from 90 days to five years, as well as, checking, savings and money market accounts. Individual retirement account IRA certificates are included in certificates of deposit. The Bank may also enter into fixed rate brokered certificates when rates are competitive with other funding sources. 
 
 Deposits are obtained primarily from residents of Montana. We believe we are able to attract deposit accounts by offering outstanding service, competitive interest rates, convenient locations and service hours. We use traditional methods of advertising to attract new customers and deposits, including radio, television, print media advertising, and sales training. Management believes that nonresidents of Montana hold an insignificant number and amount of deposit accounts. 
 
 We pay interest rates on deposits which are competitive in our market. Interest rates on deposits are set by senior management, based on a number of factors, including: projected cash flow; a current survey of a selected group of competitors rates for similar products; external data which may influence interest rates; investment opportunities and loan demand; and scheduled certificate maturities and loan and investment repayments. 
 
 Borrowings 
 
 Deposits are the primary source of funds for our lending and investment activities and for general business purposes. However, as the need arises, or in order to take advantage of funding opportunities, we also borrow funds in the form of advances from FHLB of Des Moines ("FHLB") to supplement our supply of lendable funds and to meet deposit withdrawal requirements. We have Federal funds lines of credit with Pacific Coast Bankers Bank PCBB ), PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. PNC ), United Bankers Bank U BB and Texas Independent Bank ("TIB"). Our Federal funds line of credit with Zions Bank was terminated during 2021. In addition, Eagle has a line of credit with Bell Bank. 
 
 In January 2022, the Company completed the issuance of 40.00 million in aggregate principal amount of subordinated notes due in 2032 in a private placement transaction to certain institutional accredited investors and qualified buyers. The notes bear interest at an annual fixed rate of 3.50 payable semi-annually. Starting February 1, 2027, interest will accrue at a floating rate per annum equal to a benchmark rate, which is expected to be three-month term Secured Overnight Financing Rate ("SOFR") plus a spread of 218.0 basis points, payable quarterly. The notes are subject to redemption at the option of the Company on or after February 1, 2027. A portion of the net proceeds were used to redeem 10.00 million of senior notes due in February 2022. In June 2020, the Company completed the issuance of 15.00 million in aggregate principal amount of subordinated notes due in 2030 in a private placement transaction to certain qualified institutional accredited investors. The notes bear interest at an annual fixed rate of 5.50 . Starting July 1, 2025, interest will accrue at a floating rate per annum equal to a benchmark rate, which is expected to be the three-month term SOFR plus a spread of 509.0 basis points. In February 2017, the Company completed the issuance, through a private placement, of 10.00 million aggregate principal amount of 5.75 fixed senior unsecured notes due in 2022. These notes were redeemed in February 2022 with proceeds from the subordinated notes issued in January 2022. In September 2005, our predecessor entity formed a special purpose subsidiary, Eagle Bancorp Statutory Trust I (the Trust ), for the purpose of issuing trust preferred securities in the amount of 5.16 million. Our predecessor entity issued subordinated debentures to the Trust, and the coupon on the debentures matches the dividend payment on the trust preferred securities. Upon the closing of the second-step conversion and reorganization, we assumed the obligations of our predecessor in connection with the subordinated debentures and trust preferred securities. 

Subsidiary Activity 
 
 We are permitted to invest in the capital stock of, or originate secured or unsecured loans to, subsidiary corporations. The following are subsidiaries of the Company: Opportunity Bank of Montana, Eagle Bancorp Statutory Trust I, Western Financial Services, Inc. and Opportunity Housing Fund, LLC, which is a subsidiary of the Bank. 

Employees and Human Capital Resources 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we ha d 399 full-time employees and 29 pa rt-time employees. The employees are not represented by a collective bargaining unit. We believe our relationship with our employees to be good. The Board of Directors oversees the strategic management of our human capital resources. The Human Resources Department's day-to-day responsibility is managing our human capital resources. 
 
 Opportunity Bank of Montana is committed to providing equal employment opportunity and maintaining an environment that encourages appropriate conduct among all persons and fosters respect for and inclusion of individuals with diverse perspectives, work experiences, lifestyles, and cultures. Embracing equal employment opportunity and the diversity and inclusion of our workforce helps the Bank achieve its mission and each of us to live our core values. 
 
 Retention and Benefits 
 
 Employee retention helps us operate efficiently and achieve one of our business objectives, which is being a high-level service provider. We believe our commitment to living out our core values, actively prioritizing concern for our employees well-being, supporting our employees career goals, offering competitive wages and providing valuable benefits aids in retention of our top-performing employees. We promote the health and wellness of our employees and strive to keep the employee portion of health care premiums to a minimum. In addition, nearly all of our employees are shareholders of the Company through participation in our ESOP, which aligns employee and shareholder interests by providing stock ownership on a tax-deferred basis at no investment cost to our employees. 
 
 Growth and Development 
 
 We believe that the success of our business is largely due to the quality of our employees, the development of each employee's full potential, and our ability to provide timely and satisfying recognition and rewards. Amid a competitive labor market, we continue to develop and deliver job specific training programs, leadership and coaching opportunities, career development opportunities including tuition reimbursement, and the retention of top talent through succession planning. Whenever possible, we strive to fill vacancies from within. In addition, our internship programs, in partnership with state colleges and technical schools, help ensure a steady pipeline of accomplished talent. 

8

Table of Contents 

Health and Safety 
 
 The safety, health and wellness of our employees is a top priority. Robust wellness initiatives supporting a healthy lifestyle are encouraged through an established employee wellness program. All employees and their dependents have access to an employee assistance program which provides expert referrals and consultation in support of mental well-being. 
 
 The COVID-19 pandemic presented a unique challenge with regard to maintaining employee safety while continuing successful operations. Through teamwork and the adaptability of our management and staff, we were able to transition during the peak of the pandemic, over a short period of time, to rotational work schedules allowing employees to effectively work from remote locations and ensure a safely-distanced working environment for employees performing customer facing activities at branches. All employees are encouraged to stay at home or work from home if they are experiencing signs or symptoms of a possible illness. 
 
 Community Involvement 
 
 Employees are encouraged to become involved in their communities and are offered paid time off for participating in bank-sponsored events. Employees may also take 12 hours of paid time off per calendar year during normal working hours for individual volunteer efforts. 

R egulation 
 
 Set forth below is a brief description of certain laws and regulations applicable to Eagle and the Bank. These descriptions of laws and regulations as well as those contained elsewhere do not purport to be complete and are qualified in their entirety by reference to applicable laws and regulations. Legislative or regulatory changes in the future could adversely affect our operations or financial condition. 
 
 General 
 
 As a state-chartered commercial bank, the Bank is subject to extensive regulation, examination and supervision by the Federal Reserve Bank of Minneapolis ("FRB") and Montana Division of Banking and Financial Institutions. The Bank is a member of the FRB System and its deposit accounts are insured up to applicable limits by the Deposit Insurance Fund, which is administered by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation FDIC ). There are periodic examinations to evaluate the Bank s safety and soundness and compliance with various regulatory requirements. Under certain circumstances, the FDIC may also examine the Bank. This regulatory structure is intended primarily for the protection of the insurance fund and depositors. The regulatory structure also gives the regulatory authorities extensive discretion in connection with their supervisory and enforcement activities and examination policies, including policies with respect to the classification of assets and the establishment of adequate allowance for loan losses for regulatory purposes. Eagle, as a bank holding company, is required to file certain reports with, and is subject to examination by, and must otherwise comply with the rules and regulations of the FRB. Eagle is also subject to the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC under the federal securities laws. See Holding Company Regulation section below. 

9

Table of Contents 

Federal Regulation of Commercial Banks 
 
 General 
 
 Deposits in the Bank, a Montana state-chartered commercial bank, are insured by the FDIC. The bank has no branches in any other state. The Bank is subject to regulation and supervision by the Montana Department of Administration s Banking and Financial Institutions Division and the FRB. The federal laws that apply to the Bank regulate, among other things, the scope of its business, its investments, its reserves against deposits, the timing of the availability of deposited funds, and the nature, amount of, and collateral for loans. Federal laws also regulate community reinvestment and insider credit transactions and impose safety and soundness standards. 
 
 The Bank s general permissible lending limit for loans-to-one-borrower is 15.0 of unimpaired capital and surplus. An additional amount may be lent, equal to 10.0 of total capital, if the loan is fully secured by certain readily marketable collateral, which is defined to include certain financial instruments and bullion, but generally does not include real estate. 
 
 The federal banking agencies, have adopted guidelines establishing safety and soundness standards on such matters as loan underwriting and documentation, asset quality, earnings standards, internal controls and audit systems, interest rate risk exposure and compensation and other employee benefits. If the appropriate federal banking agency determines that an institution fails to meet any standard prescribed by the guidelines, the agency may require the institution to submit to the agency an acceptable plan to achieve compliance with the standard. If an institution fails to submit or implement an acceptable plan, the appropriate federal banking agency may issue an enforceable order requiring correction of the deficiencies. 
 
 Federal Home Loan Bank System 
 
 The Bank is a member of the FHLB of Des Moines. FHLB of Des Moines is one of 11 regional FHLBs that administer the home financing credit function of banks, credit unions and savings institutions. Each FHLB serves as a reserve or central bank for its members within its assigned region. It is funded primarily from proceeds derived from the sale of consolidated obligations of the FHLB System. It makes loans or advances to members in accordance with policies and procedures, established by the Board of Directors of the FHLB, which are subject to the oversight of the Federal Housing Finance Board. All advances from the FHLB are required to be fully secured by sufficient collateral as determined by the FHLB. In addition, all long-term advances are required to provide funds for residential home financing. As a member, the Bank is required to purchase and maintain a specified amount of shares of capital stock in the FHLB of Des Moines. 
 
 The FHLBs continue to contribute to low- and moderately-priced housing programs through direct loans or interest subsidies on advances targeted for community investment and low- and moderate-income housing projects. These contributions have affected adversely the level of FHLB dividends paid and could continue to do so in the future. These contributions could also have an adverse effect on the value of FHLB stock in the future. A reduction in value of the Bank s FHLB stock may result in a corresponding reduction in the Bank s capital. 
 
 Federal Reserve System 
 
 The Federal Reserve System requires all depository institutions to maintain noninterest-bearing reserves at specified levels against their checking and non-personal time deposits. The balances maintained to meet the reserve requirements imposed by the Federal Reserve System may be used to satisfy liquidity requirements. 
 
 As a member of the Federal Reserve System, the Bank is required to maintain a minimum level of investment in FRB stock based on a specific percentage of its capital and surplus. A reduction in value of the Bank s FRB stock may result in a corresponding reduction in the Bank s capital. 
 
 Insurance of Deposit Accounts 
 
 Deposit accounts at the Bank are insured by the FDIC, generally up to a maximum of 250,000 per separately insured depositor and up to a maximum of 250,000 for self-directed retirement accounts. The Bank s deposits, therefore, are subject to FDIC deposit insurance assessments. Assessments paid to the FDIC by the Bank and other banking institutions are used to fund the FDIC s Federal Deposit Insurance Fund. 

10

Table of Contents 

Insurance of Accounts and Regulation by the FDIC 
 
 As insurer of deposits in banks, the FDIC imposes deposit insurance premiums and is authorized to conduct examinations of and to require reporting by FDIC-insured institutions. It also may prohibit any FDIC-insured institution from engaging in any activity the FDIC determines by regulation or order to pose a serious risk to the fund. The FDIC also has the authority to initiate enforcement actions against savings institutions, after giving FRB an opportunity to take such action. Insurance of deposits may be terminated by the FDIC upon a finding that the institution has engaged in unsafe or unsound practices, is in an unsafe or unsound condition to continue operations or has violated any applicable law, regulation, rule, order or condition imposed by the FDIC or written agreement with the FDIC. We are not aware of any practice, condition or violation that might lead to the termination of the Bank s deposit insurance. 
 
 The FDIC assesses deposit insurance premiums on each insured institution quarterly based on annualized rates for one of four risk categories. The assessment base for calculating deposit insurance assessments is an institution's average total assets minus its average tangible equity (defined as Tier 1 capital). Under the FDIC s risk-based assessment system, insured institutions are assigned to one of four risk categories based on supervisory evaluations, regulatory capital levels and certain other risk factors. Rates are based on each institution s risk category and certain specified risk adjustments. Stronger institutions pay lower rates while riskier institutions pay higher rates. The assessment rate schedule establishes assessments ranging from 2.5 to 45 basis points. The FDIC may increase or decrease its rates for each quarter by 2 basis points without further rulemaking. In an emergency, the FDIC may also impose a special assessment. 
 
 A significant increase in insurance premiums would likely have an adverse effect on the operating expenses and results of operations of the Bank. There can be no prediction as to what insurance assessment rates will be in the future. In addition to the assessment for deposit insurance, through 2019, institutions were required to make payments on bonds issued in the late 1980s by the Financing Corporation to recapitalize a predecessor deposit insurance fund. 
 
 Capital Requirements 
 
 Federal regulations require Federal Reserve member banks, such as Opportunity Bank of Montana and all other FDIC insured depository institutions to meet several minimum capital standards: a common equity Tier 1 capital to risk-based assets ratio of 4.5 , a Tier 1 capital to risk-based assets ratio of 6.0 , a total capital to risk-based assets of 8.0 , and a 4.0 Tier 1 capital to total average assets leverage ratio. 
 
 Common equity Tier 1 capital is generally defined as common stockholders equity and retained earnings. Tier 1 capital is generally defined as common equity Tier 1 and additional Tier 1 capital. Additional Tier 1 capital includes certain noncumulative perpetual preferred stock and related surplus and minority interests in equity accounts of consolidated subsidiaries. Total capital includes Tier 1 capital (common equity Tier 1 capital plus additional Tier 1 capital) and Tier 2 capital. Tier 2 capital is comprised of capital instruments and related surplus meeting specified requirements, and may include cumulative preferred stock and long-term perpetual preferred stock, mandatory convertible securities, intermediate preferred stock and subordinated debt. Also included in Tier 2 capital is the allowance for loan losses limited to a maximum of 1.25 of risk-weighted assets and, for institutions that have exercised an opt-out election regarding the treatment of accumulated other comprehensive income AOCI ), up to 45 of net unrealized gains on available-for-sale equity securities with readily determinable fair market values. Institutions that have not exercised the AOCI opt-out have AOCI incorporated into common equity Tier 1 capital (including unrealized gains and losses on available-for-sale-securities). The Bank exercised its AOCI opt-out election. Calculation of all types of regulatory capital is subject to deductions and adjustments specified in the regulations. 

11

Table of Contents 

In determining the amount of risk-weighted assets for purposes of calculating risk-based capital ratios, all assets, including certain off-balance sheet assets (e.g., recourse obligations, direct credit substitutes, residual interests) are multiplied by a risk weight factor assigned by the regulations based on the risks believed inherent in the type of asset. Higher levels of capital are required for asset categories believed to present greater risk. For example, a risk weight of 0 is assigned to cash and U.S. government securities, a risk weight of 50 is generally assigned to prudently underwritten first lien 1-4 family residential mortgage loans, a risk weight of 100 is assigned to commercial and consumer loans, a risk weight of 150 is assigned to certain past due loans and a risk weight of between 0 to 600 is assigned to permissible equity interests, depending on certain specified factors. 
 
 In addition to establishing the minimum regulatory capital requirements, the regulations limit capital distributions and certain discretionary bonus payments to management if the institution does not hold a capital conservation buffer consisting of 2.5 of common equity Tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets above the amount necessary to meet each of its minimum risk-based capital requirements. The capital conservation buffer requirement was phased in beginning January 1, 2016 until fully implemented at 2.5 on January 1, 2019. The Bank s actual capital ratios are set out in Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 
 Prompt Corrective Action 
 
 Federal law establishes a prompt corrective action framework to resolve the problems of undercapitalized depository institutions. The Federal Reserve has adopted regulations to implement the prompt corrective action legislation. Those regulations were amended effective January 1, 2015 to incorporate the previously mentioned increased regulatory capital standards that were effective on the same date. An institution is deemed to be well capitalized if it has a total risk-based capital ratio of 10.0 or greater, a Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio of 8.0 or greater, a leverage ratio of 5.0 or greater and a common equity Tier 1 ratio of 6.5 or greater. An institution is adequately capitalized if it has a total risk-based capital ratio of 8.0 or greater, a Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio of 6.0 or greater, a leverage ratio of 4.0 or greater and a common equity Tier 1 ratio of 4.5 or greater. An institution is undercapitalized if it has a total risk-based capital ratio of less than 8.0 , a Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio of less than 6.0 , a leverage ratio of less than 4.0 or a common equity Tier 1 ratio of less than 4.5 . An institution is deemed to be significantly undercapitalized if it has a total risk-based capital ratio of less than 6.0 , a Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio of less than 4.0 , a leverage ratio of less than 3.0 or a common equity Tier 1 ratio of less than 3.0 . An institution is considered to be critically undercapitalized if it has a ratio of tangible equity (as defined in the regulations) to total assets that is equal to or less than 2.0 . 
 
 Generally, a receiver or conservator must be appointed for an institution that is critically undercapitalized within specific time frames. The regulations also provide that a capital restoration plan must be filed with the FDIC within 45 days of the date a commercial bank receives notice that it is undercapitalized, significantly undercapitalized or critically undercapitalized. Various restrictions, such as restrictions on capital distributions and growth, also apply to undercapitalized institutions. The Federal Reserve may also take any one of a number of discretionary supervisory actions against undercapitalized institutions, including the issuance of a capital directive and the replacement of senior executive officers and directors. 
 
 The Bank was classified as well-capitalized under the prompt corrective action framework as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 Limitations on Capital Distributions 
 
 A principal source of the parent holding company s cash is from dividends received from the Bank, which are subject to government regulation and limitation. Regulatory authorities may prohibit banks and bank holding companies from paying dividends in a manner that would constitute an unsafe or unsound banking practice. In addition, a bank may not pay cash dividends if that payment could reduce the amount of its capital below that necessary to meet minimum applicable regulatory capital requirements. The Bank is subject to Montana state law and, in certain circumstances, Montana law places limits or restrictions on a bank s ability to declare and pay dividends. Additionally, current guidance from the FRB provides, among other things, that dividends per share on the Company s common stock generally should not exceed earnings per common share, measured over the previous four fiscal quarters. Federal regulations also limit banks ability to issue dividends by imposing a capital conservation buffer requirement. 

12

Table of Contents 

Transactions with Affiliates 
 
 The Bank s authority to engage in transactions with affiliates is limited by regulations and by Sections 23A and 23B of the Federal Reserve Act as implemented by the FRB s Regulation W. The term affiliates for these purposes generally means any company that controls or is under common control with an institution. Eagle and the Bank are separate and distinct legal entities. Eagle is an affiliate of the Bank. In general, transactions with affiliates must be on terms that are as favorable to the institution as comparable transactions with non-affiliates. In addition, certain types of transactions, i.e . covered transactions, are restricted to an aggregate percentage of the institution s capital. Collateral in specified amounts must be provided by affiliates in order to receive loans from an institution. In addition, banks are prohibited from lending to any affiliate that is engaged in activities that are not permissible for bank holding companies and no bank may purchase the securities of any affiliate other than a subsidiary. 
 
 Our authority to extend credit to executive officers, directors and 10.0 or greater shareholders insiders ), as well as entities controlled by these persons, is governed by Sections 22(g) and 22(h) of the Federal Reserve Act and its implementing regulation, FRB Regulation O. Among other things, loans to insiders must be made on terms substantially the same as those offered to unaffiliated individuals and not involve more than the normal risk of repayment. There is an exception for bank-wide lending programs that do not discriminate in favor of insiders. Regulation O also places individual and aggregate limits on the amount of loans that may be made to insiders based, in part, on the institution s capital position, and requires that certain prior board approval procedures be followed. Extensions of credit to executive officers are subject to additional restrictions on the types and amounts of loans that may be made. At December 31, 2022 , we were in compliance with these regulations. 
 
 Holding Company Regulation 
 
 General 
 
 Eagle is a bank holding company subject to regulatory oversight of the FRB. Eagle is required to register and file reports with the FRB and is subject to regulation and examination by the FRB. In addition, the FRB has enforcement authority over Eagle and its nonbank institution subsidiaries which also permits the FRB to restrict or prohibit activities that are determined to present a serious risk to the Bank. 
 
 Mergers and Acquisitions 
 
 Eagle must obtain approval from the FRB before acquiring more than 5.0 of the voting stock of another bank or bank holding company or acquiring such an institution or holding company by merger, consolidation or purchase of its assets. In evaluating an application for Eagle to acquire control of a bank, the FRB would consider the financial and managerial resources and future prospects of Eagle and the target institution, the effect of the acquisition on the risk to the Deposit Insurance Fund, the convenience and the needs of the community and competitive factors. 
 
 Eagle obtained the necessary approvals from the FRB and the Montana Division of Banking and Financial Institutions before acquiring each of its previous acquisitions. 
 
 Acquisition of Eagle 
 
 Under the Bank Holding Company Act and the Change in Bank Control Act, a notice or application must be submitted to the FRB if any person (including a company), or a group acting in concert, seeks to acquire 10.0 or more of Eagle s outstanding voting stock, unless the FRB has found that the acquisition will not result in a change in control of Eagle. In acting on such a notice or application, the FRB must take into consideration certain factors, including the financial and managerial resources of the acquirer and the anti-trust effect of the acquisition. Any company that acquires control will be subject to regulation as a bank holding company. 
 
 Federal Securities Laws 
 
 Eagle s common stock is registered with the SEC under the Exchange Act. We are subject to the information, proxy solicitation, insider trading restrictions and other requirements under the Exchange Act. Our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K and all amendments to those reports, and proxy statements filed with or furnished to the SEC, are available free of charge through our Internet website, www.opportunitybank.com , as soon as reasonably practical after we have electronically filed such material with, or furnished it to, the SEC. The SEC maintains an Internet site that contains reports, proxy and information statements and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC at www.sec.gov . The contents on or accessible through, these websites are not incorporated into this filing. Further, our references to the URLs for these websites are intended to be inactive textual references only. 
 
 Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 The Sarbanes-Oxley Act addresses, among other issues, corporate governance, auditing and accounting, executive compensation and enhanced and timely disclosure of corporate information. As directed by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer are required to certify that our quarterly and annual reports do not contain any untrue statement of a material fact. The rules adopted by the Securities and Exchange Commission under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act have several requirements, including having these officers certify that: they are responsible for establishing, maintaining and regularly evaluating the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting; they have made certain disclosures to our auditors and the audit committee of the board of directors about our internal control over financial reporting; and they have included information in our quarterly and annual reports about their evaluation and whether there have been changes in our internal control over financial reporting or in other factors that could materially affect internal control over financial reporting. 

13

ITEM 1A. 
 RISK FACTORS 

Risks Related to Economic and Market Conditions 
 
 Our business may be adversely affected by conditions in the financial markets and economic conditions generally and in our market areas in particular. 
 
 Our financial performance generally, and in particular the ability of our borrowers to pay interest on and repay principal of outstanding loans and the value of collateral securing those loans, as well as demand for loans and other products and services we offer and whose success we rely on to drive our future growth, is highly dependent upon the business environment in the markets in which we operate, principally in Montana, and in the United States as a whole. Unlike larger banks that are more geographically diversified, we provide banking and financial services to customers primarily in Montana. The economic conditions in our local markets may be different from, and in some instances worse than, the economic conditions in the United States as a whole. Some elements of the business environment that affect our financial performance include short-term and long-term interest rates, the prevailing yield curve, inflation and price levels, monetary policy, unemployment and strength of the domestic economy and local economy in the markets in which we operate. Unfavorable market conditions can result in deterioration in the credit quality of our borrowers and the demand for our products and services, an increase in the number of loan delinquencies, defaults and charge-offs, additional provisions for loan losses, adverse asset values and an overall material adverse effect on the quality of our loan portfolio. Unfavorable or uncertain economic and market conditions can be caused by declines in economic growth, business activity or investor or business confidence; limitations on the availability or increases in the cost of credit and capital; increases in inflation or interest rates; high unemployment; natural disasters; state or local government insolvency; or a combination of these or other factors. 
 
 In recent years, economic growth and business activity across a wide range of industries and regions in the U.S. has been slow and uneven. There are continuing concerns related to the level of U.S. government debt and fiscal actions that may be taken to address that debt, further declining oil prices and ongoing federal budget negotiations that may have a destabilizing effect on financial markets. There can be no assurance that economic conditions will continue to improve, and these conditions could worsen. Economic pressure on consumers and uncertainty regarding continuing economic improvement may result in changes in consumer and business spending, borrowing and saving habits. Such conditions could have a material adverse effect on the credit quality of our loans or our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 
 Additionally, financial markets may be adversely affected by the current or anticipated impact of military conflict, including escalating military tension between Russia and Ukraine, terrorism and other geopolitical events. 
 
 Our success depends, to a certain extent, upon global, domestic and local economic and political conditions, as well as governmental monetary policies. Conditions such as changes in interest rates, money supply, levels of employment and other factors beyond our control may have a negative impact on economic activity. Any contraction of economic activity, including an economic recession, may adversely affect our asset quality, deposit levels and loan demand and, therefore, our earnings. In particular, interest rates are highly sensitive to many factors that are beyond our control, including global, domestic and local economic conditions and the policies of various governmental and regulatory agencies and, specifically, the Federal Reserve. Throughout 2022 the Federal Open Market Committee FOMC raised the target range for the federal funds rate on seven separate occasions and-citing factors including the hardships caused by the ongoing Russia-Ukraine conflict, continued global supply chain disruptions and imbalances, and increased inflationary pressure-the FOMC has indicated that ongoing increases may be appropriate. 
 
 The tightening of the Federal Reserve s monetary policies, including repeated and aggressive increases in target range for the federal funds rate as well as the conclusion of the Federal Reserve s tapering of asset purchases, together with ongoing economic and geopolitical instability, increases the risk of an economic recession. Although forecasts have varied, many economists are projecting that U.S. economic growth will slow and inflation will remain elevated in the coming quarters, potentially resulting in a contraction of U.S. gross domestic output in 2023. Any such downturn, especially domestically and in the regions in which we operate, may adversely affect our asset quality, deposit levels, loan demand and results of operations. 
 
 As a result of the economic and geopolitical factors discussed above, financial institutions also face heightened credit risk, among other forms of risk. Of note, because we have a significant amount of real estate loans, decreases in real estate values could adversely affect the value of property used as collateral, which, in turn, can adversely affect the value of our loan and investment portfolios. Adverse economic developments, specifically including inflation-related impacts, may have a negative effect on the ability of our borrowers to make timely repayments of their loans or to finance future home purchases. Moreover, while commercial real estate values have stabilized as demand has returned to pre-pandemic levels in several markets, the outlook for commercial real estate remains dependent on the broader economic environment and, specifically, how major subsectors respond to a rising interest rate environment and higher prices for commodities, goods and services. In each case, credit performance over the medium- and long-term is susceptible to economic and market forces and therefore forecasts remain uncertain. Instability and uncertainty in the commercial and residential real estate markets, as well as in the broader commercial and retail credit markets, could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Declines in home values could decrease our loan originations and increase delinquencies and defaults. 
 
 Declines in home values in our markets could adversely impact results from operations. Like all financial institutions, we are subject to the effects of any economic downturn, and in particular, a significant decline in home values would likely lead to a decrease in new home equity loan originations and increased delinquencies and defaults in both the consumer home equity loan and residential real estate loan portfolios and result in increased losses in these portfolios. Declines in the average sale prices of homes in our primary markets could lead to higher loan losses. 
 
 Changes in interest rates could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 Our results of operations and financial condition are significantly affected by changes in interest rates. Our results of operations depend substantially on our net interest income, which is the difference between the interest income we earn on our interest-earning assets, such as loans and securities, and the interest expense we pay on our interest-bearing liabilities, such as deposits, borrowings and trust preferred securities. 
 
 Changes in interest rates may also affect the average life of loans and mortgage-related securities. Decreases in interest rates can result in increased prepayments of loans and mortgage-related securities, as borrowers refinance to reduce their borrowing costs. Under these circumstances, we are subject to reinvestment risk to the extent that we are unable to reinvest the cash received from such prepayments at rates that are comparable to the rates on existing loans and securities. Additionally, increases in interest rates may decrease loan demand and make it more difficult for borrowers to repay adjustable rate loans. Also, increases in interest rates may extend the life of fixed rate assets, which would restrict our ability to reinvest in higher yielding alternatives, and may result in customers withdrawing certificates of deposit early so long as the early withdrawal penalty is less than the interest they could receive as a result of the higher interest rates. 
 
 Changes in interest rates also affect the current fair value of our interest-earning securities portfolio. Generally, the value of securities moves inversely with changes in interest rates. 

14

Table of Contents 

We may be impacted by the retirement of London Interbank Offered Rate LIBOR as a reference rate. 
 
 Many of our lending products, securities, derivatives, and other financial transactions utilize a benchmark rate, such as LIBOR, to determine the applicable interest rate or payment amount. The U.K. Financial Conduct Authority and the ICE Benchmark Administration have announced that the publication of the most commonly used U.S. Dollar LIBOR tenors will cease to be provided or cease to be representative after June 30, 2023. The publication of all other LIBOR settings ceased to be provided or ceased to be representative as of December 31, 2021. The Adjustable Interest Rate (LIBOR) Act (LIBOR Act), enacted in March 2022, provides a statutory framework to replace U. S. Dollar LIBOR with a benchmark rate based on the Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR for contracts governed by U.S. law that have no fallbacks or fallbacks that would require the use of a poll or LIBOR-based rate, and in December 2022, the FRB adopted rules which identify different SOFR-based replacement rates for derivative contracts, for cash instruments such as floating-rate notes and preferred stock, for consumer loans, for certain government-sponsored enterprise contracts and for certain asset-backed securities. We continue to monitor market developments and regulatory updates related to the cessation of LIBOR. As the transition from LIBOR is ongoing, there continues to be uncertainty as to the ultimate effect of the transition on the financial markets for LIBOR-linked financial instruments. 
 
 The discontinuation of a benchmark rate, changes in a benchmark rate, or changes in market perceptions of the acceptability of a benchmark rate, including LIBOR, could, among other things, adversely affect the value of and return on certain of our financial instruments or products, result in changes to our risk exposures, or require renegotiation of previous transactions. In addition, any such discontinuation or changes, whether actual or anticipated, could result in market volatility, increased compliance, legal and operational costs, and risks associated with customer disclosures and contract negotiations. Although the LIBOR Act includes safe harbors if the FRB-identified SOFR-based replacement rate is selected, these safe harbors are untested. As a result, and despite the enactment of the LIBOR Act, for the most commonly used U.S. Dollar LIBOR settings, the use or selection of a successor rate could also expose us to risks associated with disputes with customers and other market participants in connection with implementing LIBOR fallback provisions. 
 
 Strong competition may limit growth and profitability. 
 
 Competition in the banking and financial services industry is intense. We compete with commercial banks, savings institutions, mortgage brokerage firms, credit unions, finance companies, mutual funds, insurance companies, and brokerage and investment banking firms operating locally and elsewhere. Many of these competitors (whether regional or national institutions) have substantially greater resources and lending limits than we have and may offer certain services that we do not or cannot provide. Our profitability depends upon our ability to successfully compete in our market areas. 
 
 We are subject to physical and financial risks associated with climate change and other weather and natural disaster impacts. 
 
 The current and anticipated effects of climate change are creating an increasing level of concern for the state of the global environment. As a result, political and social attention to the issue of climate change has increased. In recent years, governments across the world have entered into international agreements to attempt to reduce global temperatures, in part by limiting greenhouse gas emissions. Although the U.S. rejoined the Paris Agreement, effective as of February 19, 2021, and the U.S. Congress, state legislatures and federal and state regulatory agencies have continued to propose and advance numerous legislative and regulatory initiatives seeking to mitigate the effects of climate change, each of which may result in the imposition of taxes and fees, the required purchase of emission credits, and the implementation of significant operational changes, which may require us to expend significant capital and incur compliance, operating, maintenance and remediation costs. Given the lack of empirical data on the credit and other financial risks posed by climate change, it is impossible to predict how climate change may impact our financial condition and operations; however, as a banking organization, the physical effects of climate change on the Bank may present certain unique risks. 
 
 The physical risks of climate change include discrete events, such as flooding, hurricanes, tornadoes, and wildfires, and longer-term shifts in climate patterns, such as extreme heat, sea level rise, and more frequent and prolonged drought. Physical risks may alter the Company s strategic direction in order to mitigate certain financial risks. Our operations are located in Montana and are susceptible to severe weather events including severe droughts, wildfires, floods, severe winter storms and tornadoes. Any of these, or any other severe weather event, could cause disruption to our operations and could have a material adverse effect on our overall business, results of operations or financial condition. We have taken certain preemptive measures that we believe will mitigate these adverse effects; however, such measures cannot prevent the disruption that a catastrophic drought, wildfire, tornado or other severe weather event could cause to the markets that we serve and any resulting adverse impact on our customers, such as hindering our borrowers ability to timely repay their loans, diminishing the value of any collateral held by us, interrupting supply chains, causing significant property damage, causing us to incur additional expense or resulting in a loss of revenue, and affecting the stability of our deposit base. The severity and impact of future droughts, wildfires, floods, tornadoes and other weather-related events are difficult to predict and may be exacerbated by global climate change. Such events may also cause reductions in regional and local economic activity that may have an adverse effect on our customers, which could limit our ability to raise and invest capital in these areas and communities, each of which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Climate change may worsen the frequency and severity of future droughts, wildfires, floods, tornadoes and other extreme weather-related events that could cause disruption to our business and operations. Chronic results of climate change such as shifting weather patterns could also cause disruption to our business and operations. Climate change may also result in new and/or more stringent regulatory requirements for the Company, which could materially affect the Company s results of operations by requiring the Company to take costly measures to comply with any new laws or regulations related to climate change that may be forthcoming. New regulations, shift in customer behaviors, supply chain collapse or breakthrough technologies that accelerate the transition to a lower carbon economy may negatively affect certain sectors and borrowers in our loan portfolio, impacting their ability to timely repay their loans or decreasing the value of any collateral held by us. 
 
 The ongoing COVID-19 pandemic and measures intended to prevent its spread could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition, and such effects will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and are difficult to predict. 
 
 While COVID-19 conditions have improved, past and potential future government actions taken to reduce the spread of the virus have been weighing on the macroeconomic environment, and lingering economic uncertainty and reduced economic activity remains. 
 
 New strains of the virus could adversely impact our workforce and operations and the operations of our borrowers, customers and business partners. As a result, we may experience financial losses due to a number of operational factors impacting us or our borrowers, customers or business partners. These factors may be prevalent for a significant period of time and may adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition even after the COVID-19 outbreak has subsided. 
 
 Renewed spread of COVID-19 could cause us to modify our business practices (including restricting employee travel, and developing work from home and social distancing plans for our employees), and we may take further actions if required by government authorities or as we determine are in the best interests of our employees, customers and business partners. There is no certainty that such measures would be sufficient to mitigate the risks posed by the virus or will otherwise be satisfactory to government authorities. 

15

Table of Contents 

The extent to which the COVID-19 outbreak impacts our business, results of operations and financial condition will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and are difficult to predict, including, but not limited to, the duration and spread of the outbreak and its variants, its severity, the actions to contain the virus or treat its impact, the effectiveness of vaccination programs for the virus, vaccination rates, and how quickly and to what extent normal economic and operating conditions can resume. Even after the COVID-19 outbreak has subsided, we may continue to experience materially adverse impacts to our business as a result of the virus s global economic impact, including the availability of credit, adverse impacts on our liquidity and any recession that has occurred or may occur in the future. 
 
 There are no comparable recent events that provide guidance as to the effect the spread of COVID-19 as a global pandemic may have, and, as a result, the ultimate impact of the outbreak is highly uncertain and subject to change. We do not yet know the full extent of the impacts on our business, our operations or the global economy as a whole. However, the effects could have a material impact on our results of operations and heighten many of our known risks described herein. 

Risks Related to Our Business 
 
 We hold certain intangible assets that could be classified as impaired in the future . If these assets are considered to be either partially or fully impaired in the future, our earnings and the book values of these assets would decrease . 
 
 As a result of our branch and whole bank acquisitions we record goodwill. Our consolidated balance sheet at December 31, 2022 included goodwill of 34.74 million. We are required to test our goodwill for impairment on a periodic basis. The impairment testing process considers a variety of factors, including the current market price of our common shares, the estimated net present value of our assets and liabilities and information concerning the terminal valuation of similarly situated insured depository institutions. It is possible that future impairment testing could result in a partial or full impairment of the value of our goodwill. If an impairment determination is made in a future reporting period, our earnings and the book value of goodwill will be reduced by the amount of the impairment. 
 
 Risks associated with system failures, interruptions, or breaches of security could negatively affect our earnings . 
 
 Information technology systems are critical to our business. We use various technology systems to manage our customer relationships, general ledger, securities, deposits, and loans. We have established policies and procedures to prevent or limit the impact of system failures, interruptions, and security breaches, but such events may still occur or may not be adequately addressed if they do occur. In addition, any compromise of our systems could deter customers from using our products and services. Although we rely on security systems to provide security and authentication necessary to effect the secure transmission of data, these precautions may not protect our systems from compromises or breaches of security. 
 
 In addition, we outsource a majority of our data processing to certain third-party providers. If these third-party providers encounter difficulties, or if we have difficulty communicating with them, our ability to adequately process and account for transactions could be affected, and our business operations could be adversely affected. Threats to information security also exist in the processing of customer information through various other vendors and their personnel. 
 
 The occurrence of any system failures, interruption, or breach of security could damage our reputation and result in a loss of customers and business thereby subjecting us to additional regulatory scrutiny, or could expose us to litigation and possible financial liability. Any of these events could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 If the allowance for loan losses is not sufficient to cover actual loan losses, our earnings could decrease. 
 
 Our customers may not repay their loans according to the original terms, and the collateral, if any, securing the payment of these loans may be insufficient to pay any remaining loan balance. We may experience significant loan losses, which may have a material adverse effect on operating results. We make various assumptions and judgments about the collectability of the loan portfolio, including the creditworthiness of borrowers and the value of the real estate and other assets serving as collateral for the repayment of loans. If the assumptions prove to be incorrect, the allowance for loan losses may not be sufficient to cover losses inherent in our loan portfolio, resulting in additions to the allowance. Material additions to the allowance would materially decrease net income. 
 
 Our emphasis on the origination of consumer, commercial real estate and commercial business loans is one of the more significant factors in evaluating the allowance for loan losses. As we continue to increase the amount of such loans, additional or increased provisions for loan losses may be necessary and would decrease earnings. 
 
 Bank regulators periodically review our allowance for loan losses and may require an increase to the provision for loan losses or further loan charge-offs. Any increase in our allowance for loan losses or loan charge-offs as required by these regulatory authorities may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations or financial condition. 
 
 We could record future losses on our securities portfolio. 
 
 A number of factors or combinations of factors could require us to conclude in one or more future reporting periods that an unrealized loss exists with respect to our investment securities portfolio that constitutes an impairment that is other than temporary, which could result in material losses to us. These factors include, but are not limited to, continued failure by the issuer to make scheduled interest payments, an increase in the severity of the unrealized loss on a particular security, an increase in the continuous duration of the unrealized loss without an improvement in value or changes in market conditions and/or industry or issuer specific factors that would render us unable to forecast a full recovery in value. In addition, the fair values of securities could decline if the overall economy and the financial condition of some of the issuers deteriorates and there is limited liquidity for these securities. 

16

Table of Contents 

Changes in our accounting policies or in accounting standards could materially affect how we report our financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Our accounting policies are essential to understanding our financial results and condition. Some of these policies require the use of estimates and assumptions that may affect the value of our assets or liabilities and financial results. Some of our accounting policies are critical because they require management to make difficult, subjective, and complex judgments about matters that are inherently uncertain and because it is likely that materially different amounts would be reported under different conditions or using different assumptions. If such estimates or assumptions underlying our financial statements are incorrect, we may experience material losses. 
 
 From time to time, the Financial Accounting Standards Board and the Securities and Exchange Commission change the financial accounting and reporting standards or the interpretation of those standards that govern the preparation of our financial statements. These changes are beyond our control, can be hard to predict and could materially impact how we report our results of operations and financial condition. We could also be required to apply a new or revised standard retroactively, resulting in our restating prior period financial statements in material amounts. 
 
 Because we have increased our commercial real estate and commercial business loan originations, our credit risk has increased and continued downturns in the local real estate market or economy could adversely affect our earnings. 
 
 We intend to continue our recent emphasis on originating commercial real estate and commercial business loans. Commercial real estate and commercial business loans generally have more risk than the residential real estate (1-4 family) loans we originate. Because the repayment of commercial real estate and commercial business loans depends on the successful management and operation of the borrower s properties or related businesses, repayment of such loans can be affected by adverse conditions in the local real estate market or economy. Commercial real estate and commercial business loans may also involve relatively large loan balances to individual borrowers or groups of related borrowers. A downturn in the real estate market or the local economy could adversely affect the value of properties securing the loan or the revenues from the borrower s business, thereby increasing the risk of nonperforming loans. As our commercial real estate and commercial business loan portfolios increase, the corresponding risks and potential for losses from these loans may also increase. 
 
 Many of our commercial real estate and commercial business loans are made to small-to-mid-sized businesses. These small-to-mid-sized businesses frequently have smaller market share than their competition, may be more vulnerable to economic downturns, often need substantial additional capital to expand or compete and may experience significant volatility in operating results. Any one or more of these factors may impair the borrower s ability to repay a loan. In addition, the success of a small-to-mid-sized business often depends on the management talents and efforts of one or two persons or a small group of persons and the death, disability or resignation of one or more of these persons could have a material adverse impact on the business and its ability to repay a loan. Economic downturns and other events that negatively impact our market areas could cause us to incur substantial credit losses that could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 We continually encounter technological change. 
 
 The financial services industry is continually undergoing rapid technological change with frequent introductions of new, technology-driven products and services. The effective use of technology increases efficiency and enables financial institutions to better serve customers and to reduce costs. Our future success depends, in part, upon our ability to address the needs of our customers by using technology to provide products and services that will satisfy customer demands, as well as to create additional efficiencies in our operations. Many of our competitors have substantially greater resources to invest in technological improvements than we do. We may not be able to effectively implement new, technology-driven products and services or be successful in marketing these products and services to our customers. In addition, the implementation of technological changes and upgrades to maintain current systems and integrate new ones may also cause service interruptions, transaction processing errors and system conversion delays and may cause us to fail to comply with applicable laws or be vulnerable to cyberattacks. Failure to successfully keep pace with technological change affecting the financial services industry and avoid interruptions, errors and delays could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 
 We expect that new technologies and business processes applicable to the consumer credit industry will continue to emerge, and these new technologies and business processes may be better than those we currently use. Because the pace of technological change is high and our industry is intensely competitive, we may not be able to sustain our investment in new technology as critical systems and applications become obsolete or as better ones become available. A failure to maintain current technology and business processes could cause disruptions in our operations or cause our products and services to be less competitive, all of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 
 We depend on the services of our executive officers and other key employees. 
 
 Our success depends upon the continued employment of certain members of our senior management team. We also depend upon the continued employment of the individuals that manage several of our key functional areas. The departure of any member of our senior management team may adversely affect our operations. 
 
 We earn a significant portion of our noninterest income through sales of residential mortgages in the secondary market . We rely on the mortgage secondary market for some of our liquidity. 
 
 Our mortgage banking activities provide a significant portion of our noninterest income. We originate and sell mortgage loans, includin g 551.02 m illion of mortgage loans sold during 2022. We rely on Federal National Mortgage Association FNMA ), Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation FHLMC and other purchasers to purchase loans in order to reduce our credit risk and provide funding for additional loans we desire to originate. We cannot provide assurance that these purchasers will not materially limit their purchases from us due to capital constraints or other factors, including, with respect to FNMA and FHLMC, a change in the criteria for conforming loans. In addition, various proposals have been made to reform the U.S. residential mortgage finance market, including the role of FNMA and FHLMC. The exact effects of any such reforms are not yet known, but may limit our ability to sell conforming loans to FNMA and FHLMC. In addition, mortgage lending is highly regulated, and our inability to comply with all federal and state regulations and investor guidelines regarding the origination, underwriting documentation and servicing of mortgage loans may also impact our ability to continue selling mortgage loans. If we are unable to continue to sell loans in the secondary market or we experience a period of low mortgage activity, our noninterest income as well as our ability to fund, and thus originate, additional mortgage loans may be adversely affected, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 

17

Table of Contents 

There can be no assurance we will be able to continue paying dividends on our common stock at recent levels. 
 
 We may not be able to continue paying quarterly dividends commensurate with recent levels given that the ability to pay dividends on our common stock depends on a variety of factors. The payment of dividends is subject to government regulation in that the regulatory authorities may prohibit banks and bank holding companies from paying dividends that would constitute an unsafe or unsound banking practice. Our ability to pay dividends is subject to certain regulatory requirements. The Federal Reserve generally prohibits a bank holding company from declaring or paying a cash dividend which would impose undue pressure on the capital of a subsidiary bank or would be funded only through borrowing or other arrangements that might adversely affect a bank holding company s financial position. The Federal Reserve Board policy is that a bank holding company should not continue its existing rate of cash dividends on its common stock unless its net income is sufficient to fully fund each dividend and its prospective rate of earnings retention appears consistent with its capital needs, asset quality and overall financial condition. The power of the board of directors of an insured depository institution to declare a cash dividend or other distribution with respect to capital is subject to statutory and regulatory restrictions which limit the amount available for such distribution depending upon the earnings, financial condition and cash needs of the institution, as well as general business conditions. 
 
 As a result, future dividends will generally depend on the level of earnings at the Bank. The Bank is subject to Montana law and, in certain circumstances, Montana law places limits or restrictions on a bank s ability to declare and pay dividends. Also, in the event there shall occur an event of default on any of our debt instruments, we would be unable to pay any dividends on our common stock. 
 
 Our business strategy includes significant growth plans, and our financial condition and results of operations could be negatively affected if we fail to grow or fail to manage our growth effectively. 
 
 We intend to pursue an organic growth strategy for our business; however, we regularly evaluate potential acquisitions and expansion opportunities. If appropriate opportunities present themselves, we expect to engage in selected acquisitions of financial institutions, branch acquisitions and other business growth initiatives or undertakings. There can be no assurance that we will successfully identify appropriate opportunities, that we will be able to negotiate or finance such activities or that such activities, if undertaken, will be successful. There are risks associated with our growth strategy. To the extent that we grow through acquisitions, we cannot ensure that we will be able to adequately or profitably manage this growth. 
 
 Acquiring other banks, branches or other assets, as well as other expansion activities, involves various risks including the risks of incorrectly assessing the credit quality of acquired assets, encountering greater than expected costs of integrating acquired banks or branches, the risk of loss of customers and/or employees of the acquired institution or branch, executing cost savings measures, not achieving revenue enhancements and otherwise not realizing the transaction s anticipated benefits. Our ability to address these matters successfully cannot be assured. In addition, our strategic efforts may divert resources or management s attention from ongoing business operations, may require investment in integration and in development and enhancement of additional operational and reporting processes and controls and may subject us to additional regulatory scrutiny. 
 
 Our growth initiatives may also require us to recruit and retain experienced personnel to assist in such initiatives. Accordingly, the failure to identify and retain such personnel would place significant limitations on our ability to successfully execute our growth strategy. In addition, to the extent we expand our lending beyond our current market areas, we could incur additional risks related to those new market areas. We may not be able to expand our market presence in our existing market areas or successfully enter new markets. 
 
 If we do not successfully execute our acquisition growth plan, it could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, reputation and growth prospects. In addition, if we were to conclude that the value of an acquired business had decreased and that the related goodwill had been impaired, that conclusion would result in an impairment of goodwill charge, which would adversely affect our results of operations. While we believe we will have the executive management resources and internal systems in place to successfully manage our future growth, there can be no assurance growth opportunities will be available or that we will successfully manage our growth. 
 
 We may be unsuccessful in integrating the operations of the business we have acquired or expect to acquire in the future. 
 
 From time to time, we evaluate and acquire businesses that we believe complement our existing business. The acquisition component of our growth strategy depends on the successful integration of these acquisitions. We face numerous risks and challenges to the successful integration of acquired businesses, including the following: 

the potential for unexpected costs, delays and challenges that may arise in integrating acquisitions into our existing business; 

limitations on our ability to realize the expected cost savings and synergies from an acquisition; 

challenges related to integrating acquired operations, including our ability to retain key employees and maintain relationships with significant customers and depositors; 

challenges related to the integration of businesses that operate in new geographic areas, including difficulties in identifying and gaining access to customers in new markets; and 

the discovery of previously unknown liabilities following an acquisition associated with the acquired business. 

If we are unable to successfully integrate the businesses we acquire, our business, financial condition and results of operations may be materially adversely affected. 
 
 Failure to maintain effective internal control over financial reporting or disclosure controls and procedures could adversely affect our ability to report our financial condition and results of operations accurately and on a timely basis. 
 
 A failure to maintain effective internal control over financial reporting or disclosure controls and procedures could adversely affect our ability to report our financial results accurately and on a timely basis, which could result in a loss of investor confidence in our financial reporting or adversely affect our access to sources of liquidity. Furthermore, because of the inherent limitations of any system of internal control over financial reporting, including the possibility of human error, the circumvention or overriding of controls and fraud, even effective internal controls may not prevent or detect all misstatements. 

18

Table of Contents 

Changes in interest rates may change the value of our mortgage servicing rights portfolio, which may increase the volatility of our earnings . 
 
 As a result of our mortgage servicing business, which we may expand in the future, we have a portfolio of mortgage servicing rights MSR assets. An MSR is the right to service a mortgage loan - collect principal, interest and escrow amounts - for a fee. We measure and carry all of our residential MSR assets using the fair value measurement method. Fair value is determined as the present value of estimated future net servicing income, calculated based on a number of variables, including assumptions about the likelihood of prepayment by borrowers. 
 
 Current trends of rising interest rates have resulted in an increased valuation of the MSR asset, however one of the principal risks associated with MSR assets is that in a declining interest rate environment, they will likely lose a substantial portion of their value as a result of higher than anticipated prepayments. Moreover, if prepayments are greater than expected, the cash we receive over the life of the mortgage loans would be reduced. 
 
 An increased size of our MSR portfolio could result in us carrying significant asset balances. This could result in a reduction in our liquidity and cause a reduction in our capital ratios. The combination of these impacts along with other impacts, could cause us to not have sufficient liquidity or capital. 
 
 At December 31, 2022, our MSR asset had a fair value of 15.41 million. All income related to retained servicing, including changes in the value of the MSR asset, is included in noninterest income. Depending on the interest rate environment and market trends related to MSR sales, it is possible that the fair value of our MSR asset may be reduced in the future. If such changes in fair value significantly reduce the carrying value of our MSR asset, our financial condition and results of operations would be negatively affected. 
 
 Farmland and agriculture production lending presents unique credit risk. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, approximatel y 17.73 of our total gross loan portfolio was comprised of farmland and agricultural production loans. As of December 31, 2022, we had 240.37 million in farmland and agricultural production loans, including 136.33 million in farmland loans, and 104.04 million in agricultural production loans. Repayment of farmland and agricultural production loans depends primarily on the successful raising and feeding of livestock or planting and harvest of crops and marketing the harvested commodity. Collateral securing these loans may be a illiquid. In additio n, the limited purpose of some agricultural-related collateral affects credit risk because such collateral may have limited or no other uses to support values when loan repayment problems emerge. Our farmland and agricultural production lending staff have specific technical expertise that we depend on to mitigate our lending risks for these loans and we may have difficulty retaining or replacing such individuals. Many external factors can impact our agricultural borrowers' ability to repay their loans, including adverse weather conditions, water issues, commodity price volatility, diseases, land values, production costs, changing government regulations and subsidy programs, changing tax treatment, technological changes, labor market shortages/increased wages, and changes in consumers' preferences, over which our borrowers may have no control. These factors, as well as recent volatility in certain commodity prices could adversely impact the ability of those to whom we have made farmland and agricultural production loans to perform under the terms of their borrowing arrangements with us, which in turn could result in credit losses and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Consumers may decide not to use banks to complete their financial transactions. 
 
 Technology and other changes are allowing parties to complete financial transactions through alternative methods that historically have involved banks. For example, consumers can now maintain funds that would have historically been held as bank deposits in brokerage accounts, mutual funds or general purpose reloadable prepaid cards. Consumers can also complete transactions such as paying bills and/or transferring funds directly without the assistance of banks. The process of eliminating banks as intermediaries could result in the loss of fee income, as well as the loss of customer deposits and the related income generated from those deposits. The loss of these revenue streams and the lower cost of deposits as a source of funds could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 

Rights Related to the Legal and Regulatory Environment 
 
 We face a risk of noncompliance and enforcement action with the Bank Secrecy Act and other anti-money laundering statutes and regulations. 
 
 The Bank Secrecy Act, the Patriot Act and other laws and regulations require financial institutions, among other duties, to institute and maintain an effective anti-money laundering program and file suspicious activity and currency transaction reports as appropriate. The federal Financial Crimes Enforcement Network is authorized to impose significant civil money penalties for violations of those requirements and has recently engaged in coordinated enforcement efforts with the individual federal banking regulators, as well as the U.S. Department of Justice, Drug Enforcement Administration and IRS. We are also subject to increased scrutiny of compliance with the rules enforced by the Office of Foreign Assets Control. If our policies, procedures and systems are deemed deficient, we would be subject to liability, including fines and regulatory actions, which may include restrictions on our ability to pay dividends and the necessity to obtain regulatory approvals to proceed with certain aspects of our business plan, including any future acquisition plans. Failure to maintain and implement adequate programs to combat money laundering and terrorist financing could also have serious reputational consequences for us. Any of these results could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 We operate in a highly regulated environment and may be adversely affected by changes in laws and regulations. 
 
 We are subject to extensive regulation, supervision and examination by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve Board and the Montana Division of Banking and Financial Institutions. The federal banking laws and regulations govern the activities in which we may engage and are primarily for the protection of depositors and the Deposit Insurance Fund at the FDIC. These regulatory authorities have extensive discretion in connection with their supervisory and enforcement activities, including the ability to impose restrictions on a bank s operations, reclassify assets, determine the adequacy of a bank s allowance for loan losses and determine the level of deposit insurance premiums assessed. Any change in such regulation and oversight, whether in the form of regulatory policy, new regulations or legislation or additional deposit insurance premiums could have a material impact on our operations. Because our business is highly regulated, the laws and applicable regulations are subject to frequent change. Any new laws, rules and regulations could make compliance more difficult or expensive or otherwise adversely affect our business, financial condition or prospects. 
 
 Future legislation, regulatory reform or policy changes under the current U.S. administration could have a material effect on our business and results of operations. 
 
 New legislation, regulatory reform or policy changes under the current U.S. administration, including financial services regulatory reform, tax reform, and GSE reform, could impact our business. At this time, we cannot predict the scope or nature of these changes or assess what the overall effect of such potential changes could be on our results of operations or cash flows. 

19

Table of Contents 

If our investment in the Federal Home Loan Bank of Des Moines becomes impaired, our earnings and shareholders equity could decrease. 
 
 We are required to own common stock of FHLB to qualify for membership in the FHLB System and to be eligible to borrow funds under the FHLB s advance program. The aggregate cost of our FHLB common stock as of December 31, 2022 was 5.09 million. FHLB common stock is not a marketable security and can only be redeemed by the FHLB. 
 
 FHLB s may be subject to accounting rules and asset quality risks that could materially lower their regulatory capital. In an extreme situation, it is possible that the capitalization of a FHLB, including the FHLB of Des Moines, could be substantially diminished or reduced to zero. Consequently, we believe that there is a risk that our investment in FHLB of Des Moines common stock could be deemed impaired at some time in the future, and if this occurs, it would cause our earnings and shareholders equity to decrease by the amount of the impairment charge. 

ITEM 1B. 
 UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS. 

None. 

ITEM 2. 
 PROPERTIES. 

The Company's executive office is located at 1400 Prospect Avenue in Helena, Montana. As of December 31, 2022, the Bank conducted its business through 34 locations; including 31 full-service branches and three other buildings l o cated in Helena and Missoula, Mon tana. The following table includes the locations by city, as well as whether they are owned or leased. 

Occupancy Type 

Locations 
 Owned 
 Leased 
 Total Locations 

Ashland, Montana 
 1 
 - 
 1 

Big Timber, Montana 
 1 
 - 
 1 

Billings, Montana 
 3 
 - 
 3 

Bozeman, Montana 
 2 
 1 
 3 

Butte, Montana 
 1 
 - 
 1 

Choteau, Montana 
 1 
 - 
 1 

Culbertson, Montana 
 1 
 - 
 1 

Denton, Montana 
 1 
 - 
 1 

Dutton, Montana 
 1 
 - 
 1 

Froid, Montana 
 1 
 - 
 1 

Glasgow, Montana 
 1 
 - 
 1 

Great Falls, Montana 
 - 
 1 
 1 

Hamilton, Montana 
 1 
 - 
 1 

Helena, Montana 
 5 
 1 
 6 

Hinsdale, Montana 
 1 
 - 
 1 

Livingston, Montana 
 1 
 - 
 1 

Missoula, Montana 
 1 
 2 
 3 

Sheridan, Montana 
 1 
 - 
 1 

Three Forks, Montana 
 1 
 - 
 1 

Townsend, Montana 
 1 
 - 
 1 

Twin Bridges, Montana 
 1 
 - 
 1 

Winifred, Montana 
 - 
 1 
 1 

Wolf Point, Montana 
 1 
 - 
 1 

Total 
 28 
 6 
 34 

Management believes all locations are in good condition and meet the operating needs of the Company. For additional information regarding the Company's premises and equipment and lease obligations, see Note 6 to the Consolidated Financial Statements in "Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data". 

ITEM 3. 
 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS. 

The Bank, from time to time, is a party to routine litigation, which arises in the normal course of business, such as claims to enforce liens, condemnation proceedings on properties in which the Bank holds security interests, claims involving the making and servicing of real property loans, and other issues incident to the business of the Bank. In the opinion of management, the resolution of these legal actions is not expected to have a material adverse effect on the Company's results of operations. 

ITEM 4. 
 MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES. 

Not applicable. 

20

Table of Contents 

PART II 

ITEM 5. 
 MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES. 

Our common stock is traded on the Nasdaq Global Market under the symbol EBMT. At the close of business on December 31, 2022, there were 8,006,033 shares of common stock outstanding, held by approximately 997 shareholders of record. The closing price of the common stock on December 31, 2022, was 16.16 per share. 
 
 Payment of dividends on our shares of common stock is subject to determination and declaration by the Board of Directors (the Board and will depend upon a number of factors, including capital requirements, regulatory limitations on the payment of dividends, our results of operations and financial condition, tax considerations and general economic conditions. No assurance can be given that dividends will be declared or, if declared, what the amount of dividends will be, or whether such dividends, once declared, will continue. 
 
 Because we are a bank holding company and do not engage directly in business activities of a material nature, our ability to pay dividends to our stockholders depends, in large part, upon our receipt of dividends from our bank subsidiary, which is also subject to numerous limitations on the payment of dividends under federal and state banking laws, regulations and policies. The present and future dividend policy of our bank subsidiary is subject to the discretion of its Board. Our subsidiary bank is not obligated to pay dividends. 
 
 On April 21, 2022, Eagle's Board of Directors (the "Board") authorized the repurchase of up to 400,000 shares of its common stock. Under the plan, shares may be purchased by the Company on the open market or in privately negotiated transactions. The extent to which the company repurchases its shares and the timing of such repurchase will depend upon market conditions and other corporate considerations. During the second quarter of 2022, 5,000 shares were purchased under this plan at an average price of 19.75. During the third quarter of 2022, 99,517 shares were purchased under this plan at an average price of 19.45. The following table summarizes the Company's purchase of its common stock for the three months ended December 31, 2022 under this plan. The plan expires on April 21, 2023. 

Total Number 
 
 Maximum 

of Shares 
 
 Number of 

Purchased 
 
 Shares that 

Total 

as Part of 
 
 May Yet Be 

Number of 
 
 Average 
 
 Publicly 
 
 Purchased 

Shares 
 
 Price Paid 
 
 Announced Plans 
 
 Under the Plans 

Purchased 
 
 Per Share 
 
 or Programs 
 
 or Programs 

October 1, 2022 through October 31, 2022 
 
 6,608 
 
 18.80 
 
 6,608 
 
 288,875 

November 1, 2022 through November 30, 2022 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 288,875 

December 1, 2022 through December 31, 2022 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 288,875 

Total 
 
 6,608 
 
 18.80 
 
 6,608 

On July 22, 2021, the Board authorized the repurchase of up to 100,000 shares of its common stock. Under the plan, shares could be purchased by the Company on the open market or in privately negotiated transactions. The extent to which the company repurchased its shares and the timing of such repurchase depended upon market conditions and other corporate considerations. No shares were purchased during the year ended December 31, 2021. However, during the first quarter of 2022, the Company purchased the total authorized amount of 100,000 shares at an average price of 22.71 per share. The plan expired on July 22, 2022. 
 
 On July 23, 2020, the Board authorized the repurchase of up to 100,000 shares of its common stock. Under the plan, shares could be purchased by the Company on the open market or in privately negotiated transactions. The extent to which the company repurchased its shares and the timing of such repurchase depended upon market conditions and other corporate considerations. During the third quarter of 2020, 41,337 shares were purchased under this plan at an average price of 15.75 per share. However, no shares were purchased during the fourth quarter of 2020 or during 2021. The plan expired on July 23, 2021. 

21

Table of Contents 

ITEM 6. 
 [RESERVED] 

ITEM 7. 
 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS. 

The following discussion and analysis of the financial condition and results of operations of Eagle is intended to help investors understand our company and our operations. The financial review is provided as a supplement to, and should be read in conjunction with the Consolidated Financial Statements and the related Notes included elsewhere in this report. 
 
 Introduction 
 
 The following Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations ("MD A") describes Eagle and its subsidiaries' results of operations for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021, and also analyzes our financial condition as of December 31, 2022 as compared to December 31, 2021. Like most banking institutions, our principal business consists of attracting deposits from the general public and the business community and making loans secured by various types of collateral, including real estate and other consumer assets. We are significantly affected by prevailing economic conditions, particularly interest rates, as well as government policies concerning, among other things, monetary and fiscal affairs, housing and financial institutions and regulations regarding lending and other operations, privacy and consumer disclosure. Attracting and maintaining deposits is influenced by a number of factors, including interest rates paid on competing investments offered by other financial and nonfinancial institutions, account maturities, fee structures and levels of personal income and savings. Lending activities are affected by the demand for funds and thus are influenced by interest rates, the number and quality of lenders and regional economic conditions. Sources of funds for lending activities include deposits, borrowings, repayments on loans, cash flows from maturities of investment securities and income provided from operations. 
 
 Our earnings depend primarily on our level of net interest income, which is the difference between interest earned on our interest-earning assets, consisting primarily of loans and investment securities, and the interest paid on interest-bearing liabilities, consisting primarily of deposits, borrowed funds, and trust-preferred securities. Net interest income is a function of our interest rate spread, which is the difference between the average yield earned on our interest-earning assets and the average rate paid on our interest-bearing liabilities, as well as a function of the average balance of interest-earning assets compared to interest-bearing liabilities. Also contributing to our earnings is noninterest income, which consists primarily of service charges and fees on loan and deposit products and services, net gains and losses on sale of assets, and mortgage loan service fees. Net interest income and noninterest income are offset by provisions for loan losses, general administrative and other expenses, including salaries and employee benefits and occupancy and equipment costs, as well as by state and federal income tax expense. 
 
 The Bank has a strong mortgage lending focus, with a large portion of its loan originations represented by single-family residential mortgages, which has enabled it to successfully market home equity loans, as well as a wide range of shorter term consumer loans for various personal needs (automobiles, recreational vehicles, etc.). The Bank has also focused on adding commercial loans to our portfolio, both real estate and non-real estate. We have made significant progress in this initiative. As of December 31, 2022, commercial real estate and commercial business loans represen ted 60.97 and 17.07 o f the total loan portfolio, respectively. The purpose of this diversification is to mitigate our dependence on the residential mortgage market, as well as to improve our ability to manage our interest rate spread. Recent acquisitions have added to our agricultural loans, which generally have shorter maturities and nominally higher interest rates. This has provided additional interest income and improved interest rate sensitivity. The Bank s management recognizes that fee income will also enable it to be less dependent on specialized lending and it maintains a significant loan serviced portfolio, which provides a steady source of fee income. As of December 31, 2022, we had mortgage servicing rights , net of 15.41 million compared to 13.69 million as of December 31, 2021. Gain on sale of loans also provides significant noninterest income in periods of high mortgage loan origination volumes. Such income will be adversely affected in periods of lower mortgage activity. 

22

Table of Contents 

Fee income is also supplemented with fees generated from deposit accounts. The Bank has a high percentage of non-maturity deposits, such as checking accounts and savings accounts, which allows management flexibility in managing its spread. Non-maturity deposits and certificates of deposit do not automatically reprice as interest rates rise. 
 
 Management continues to focus on improving the Bank's earnings. Management believes the Bank needs to continue to concentrate on increasing net interest margin, other areas of fee income and control operating expenses to achieve earnings growth going forward. Management s strategy of growing the loan portfolio and deposit base is expected to help achieve these goals as follows: loans typically earn higher rates of return than investments; a larger deposit base should yield higher fee income; increasing the asset base will reduce the relative impact of fixed operating costs. The biggest challenge to the strategy is funding the growth of the statement of financial condition in an efficient manner. Though deposit growth has been steady, it may become more difficult to maintain due to significant competition and possible reduced customer demand for deposits as customers may shift into other asset classes. 
 
 Other than short term residential construction loans, we do not offer interest only mortgage loans on residential 1-4 family properties (where the borrower pays interest but no principal for an initial period, after which the loan converts to a fully amortizing loan). We also do not offer loans that provide for negative amortization of principal, such as Option ARM loans, where the borrower can pay less than the interest owed on their loan, resulting in an increased principal balance during the life of the loan. We do not offer subprime loans (loans that generally target borrowers with weakened credit histories typically characterized by payment delinquencies, previous charge-offs, judgments, bankruptcies, or borrowers with questionable repayment capacity as evidenced by low credit scores or high debt-burden ratios) or Alt-A loans (traditionally defined as loans having less than full documentation). 
 
 The level and movement of interest rates impacts the Bank s earnings as well. The Federal Open Market Committee held the federal funds target rate at 0.25 during the year ended December 31, 2021. The rate increased to 4.50 during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Acquisitions 
 
 The Bank has used growth through mergers or acquisition, in addition to its strategy of organic growth. 
 
 In April 2022, Eagle acquired First Community Bancorp, Inc. ("FCB"), a Montana corporation, and FCB's wholly-owned subsidiary, First Community Bank, a Montana chartered commercial bank. In the transaction, Eagle acquired nine retail bank branches and two loan production offices in Montana. 
 
 In January 2020, Eagle acquired Western Holding Company of Wolf Point WHC ), a Montana corporation, and WHC s wholly-owned subsidiary, Western Bank of Wolf Point WB ), a Montana chartered commercial bank. In the transaction, Eagle acquired one retail bank branch in Wolf Point, Montana. 

23

Table of Contents 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 
 Certain accounting policies are important to the understanding of our financial condition, since they require management to make difficult, complex or subjective judgments, some of which may relate to matters that are inherently uncertain. Estimates associated with these policies are susceptible to material changes as a result of changes in facts and circumstances, including, but without limitation, changes in interest rates, performance of the economy, financial condition of borrowers and laws and regulations. The following are the accounting policies we believe are critical. 
 
 Allowance for Loan Losses 
 
 The allowance for loan losses is the estimated amount considered necessary to absorb losses inherent in the loan portfolio at the balance sheet date. The allowance is established through the provision for loan losses, which is charged against income. The provision for loan losses reflects the amount required to maintain the allowance for loan losses at an appropriate level based upon management s evaluation of the adequacy of loss reserves. The methodology for determining the allowance for loan losses is considered a critical accounting policy by management due to the high degree of judgment involved, the subjectivity of the assumptions utilized and the potential for changes in the economic environment that could result in changes to the amount of the recorded allowance for loan losses. 
 
 We recognize that losses will be experienced on loans and that the risk of loss will vary with, among other things, the type of loan, the creditworthiness of the borrower, general economic conditions and the quality of the collateral for the loan. The analysis of the allowance for loan losses has two components: specific and general allocations. Specific allocations are made for loans that are determined to be impaired, and have been individually evaluated. Impairment is measured by determining the present value of expected future cash flows or, for collateral-dependent loans, the fair value of the collateral adjusted for market conditions and selling expenses. The general allocation is determined by segregating the remaining loans by type of loan, risk weighting (if applicable), and payment history. Using a three-year lookback period, historical loss experience, delinquency trends and general economic conditions are analyzed. Separately evaluated but also taken into consideration are call report, geographic, and industry concentrations. This analysis establishes factors that are applied to the loan groups to determine the amount of the general allocations. 
 
 In addition, as an integral part of their examination process, banking regulators will periodically review our allowance for loan losses and may require us to make additional provisions for estimated losses based upon judgments different from those of management. Although management believes that it uses the best information available to establish the allowance for loan losses, future adjustments to the allowance for loan losses may be necessary and results of operations could be adversely affected if circumstances differ substantially from the assumptions used in making the determinations. Because future events affecting borrowers and collateral cannot be predicted with certainty, there can be no assurance that the existing allowance for loan losses is adequate or that increases will not be necessary should the quality of loans deteriorate as a result of the factors discussed previously. Any material increase in the allowance for loan losses may adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. The allowance is based on information known at the time of the review. Changes in factors underlying the assessment could have a material impact on the amount of the allowance that is necessary and the amount of provision to be charged against earnings. Such changes could impact future results. 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, we followed the incurred loss methodology for determining our allowance for loan losses. We will adopt the current expected credit losses ("CECL") standard for determining the amount of our allowance for credit losses beginning January 1, 2023. 
 
 Business Combinations 
 
 The Company accounts for business combinations under the acquisition method of accounting. The Company records assets acquired, including identifiable intangible assets and liabilities assumed at their fair values as of the acquisition date. Transaction costs related to the acquisition are expensed in the period incurred. Results of operations of the acquired entity are included in the consolidated statements of income from the date of acquisition. Any measurement-period adjustments are recorded in the period the adjustment is identified. 

The excess of consideration paid over fair value of net assets acquired is recorded as goodwill. Determining the fair value of assets acquired, including identifiable intangible assets and liabilities assumed often requires significant use of estimates and assumptions. This may involve estimates based on third-party valuations, such as appraisals, or internal valuations based on discounted cash flow analyses or other valuation techniques such as estimates of attrition, inflation, asset growth rates, discount rates, multiples of earnings or other relevant factors. Goodwill is not amortized but is tested at least annually for impairment. Other intangible assets are assigned useful lives and amortized. The determination of useful lives is subjective. See Note 2 and 7 to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data for further information. 

The Company's accounting policies and discussion of recent accounting pronouncements is included in Note 1 to the Consolidated Financial Statements in "Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data". 

24

Table of Contents 

Financial Condition 
 
 December 31, 2022 compared to December 31, 2021 
 
 Total assets were 1.95 billion at December 31, 2022, an increase of 512.45 million, or 35.7 from 1.44 billion at December 31, 2021. The increase was largely due to the FCB acquisition in April 2022, primarily reflected in loans receivable. L oans receivable, n et increased by 419.04 million or 45.5 , to 1.34 billion at December 31, 2022 from 920.64 million at December 31, 2021. In addition, securities available-for -sale increased by 78.24 m illion fro m 271.26 mil lion at December 31, 2021. Total liabilities were 1.79 billion at December 31, 2022, an increase of 510.77 million, or 39.9 , from 1.28 billion at December 31, 2021. The increase in liabilities was mainly due to an increase in deposits. Total deposit s increased b y 412.72 million from December 31, 2021, 321.11 million of which were brought on from the FCB acquisition. FHLB advances and other borrowin gs also increased 64.39 mi llion from December 31, 2021. Total shareholders equit y increased b y 1.69 million from December 31, 2021. 
 
 Financial Condition Details 
 
 Investment Activities 
 
 We maintain a portfolio of investment securities, classified as either available-for-sale or held-to-maturity to enhance total return on investments. Our investment securities generally include U.S. government and agency obligations, U.S. treasury obligations, Small Business Administration pools, municipal securities, corporate obligations, mortgage-backed securities MBSs ), collateralized mortgage obligations CMOs and asset-backed securities ABSs ), all with varying characteristics as to rate, maturity and call provisions. There were no held-to-maturity investment securities included in the investment portfolio at December 31, 2022 or 2021. All investment securities included in the investment portfolio are available-for-sale. Eagle also has interest-bearing deposits in other banks and federal funds sold, as well as stock in FHLB and FRB. FHLB stock was 5.09 million and 1.70 million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. FRB stock was 4.13 million and 2.97 million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

25

Table of Contents 

The following table summarizes investment activities: 

December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Fair Value 

Percentage of Total 

Fair Value 

Percentage of Total 

Fair Value 

Percentage of Total 

(Dollars in Thousands) 

Securities available-for-sale: 

U.S. government and agency obligations 

2,390 

0.68 

1,633 

0.60 

2,245 

1.38 

U.S. treasury obligations 

51,951 

14.86 

53,183 

19.61 

5,657 

3.47 

Municipal obligations 

172,849 

49.47 

123,667 

45.58 

99,088 

60.81 

Corporate obligations 

6,990 

2.00 

9,336 

3.44 

10,663 

6.54 

Mortgage-backed securities 

29,653 

8.48 

14,636 

5.40 

7,669 

4.71 

Collateralized mortgage obligations 

82,131 

23.50 

63,067 

23.25 

31,189 

19.14 

Asset-backed securities 

3,531 

1.01 

5,740 

2.12 

6,435 

3.95 

Total securities available-for-sale 

349,495 

100.00 

271,262 

100.00 

162,946 

100.00 

Securities available-for-sale were 349.50 million at December 31, 2022, a n increase o f 78.24 million, or 28.8 , from 271.26 mill ion at December 31, 2021. The FCB acquisition included acquired securities of 126.12 million. However, immediately following the acquisition, a restructure of FCB's portfolio was incurred to better align the acquired portfolio with Eagle's investment strategy. Excluding securities acquired, securities decreased by 47.89 million. The decrease was primarily due to unrealized losses at December 31, 2022 resulting from increased interest rates. In addition, the decrease was impacted by sales, maturity, principal payments and call activity, which were largely offset by purchases. 
 
 The following table sets forth information regarding fair values, weighted average yields and maturities of investments. The yields have been computed on a tax equivalent basis. Maturities are based on the final contractual payment dates and do not reflect the impact of prepayments or early redemptions that may occur. 

December 31, 2022 

One Year or Less 

One to Five Years 

Five to Ten Years 

After Ten Years 

Total Investment Securities 

Fair Value 

Weighted Average Yield 

Fair Value 

Weighted Average Yield 

Fair Value 

Weighted Average Yield 

Fair Value 

Weighted Average Yield 

Fair Value 

Approximate Market Value 

Weighted Average Yield 

(Dollars in Thousands) 

Securities available-for-sale: 

U.S. government and agency obligations 

- 

0.00 

- 

0.00 

2,390 

3.94 

- 

0.00 

2,390 

2,390 

2.94 

U.S. treasury obligations 

6,270 

1.20 

4,699 

2.78 

40,982 

1.46 

- 

0.00 

51,951 

51,951 

1.55 

Municipal obligations 

4,932 

2.97 

12,890 

2.99 

34,905 

2.86 

120,122 

3.58 

172,849 

172,849 

3.37 

Corporate obligations 

2,995 

5.59 

956 

3.00 

3,039 

4.99 

- 

0.00 

6,990 

6,990 

3.97 

Mortgage-backed securities 

1,250 

2.39 

4,318 

3.52 

4,046 

3.40 

20,039 

3.79 

29,653 

29,653 

3.14 

Collateralized mortgage obligations 

- 

0.00 

8,859 

3.51 

1,168 

3.55 

72,104 

3.33 

82,131 

82,131 

3.36 

Asset-backed securities 

- 

0.00 

- 

0.00 

- 

0.00 

3,531 

5.47 

3,531 

3,531 

5.47 

Total securities available-for-sale 

15,447 

2.71 

31,722 

3.18 

86,530 

2.34 

215,796 

3.55 

349,495 

349,495 

3.11 

26

Table of Contents 

Lending Activities 
 
 The following table includes the composition of the Bank s loan portfolio by loan category: 

December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

2019 

2018 

Amount 

Percent of Total 

Amount 

Percent of Total 

Amount 

Percent of Total 

Amount 

Percent of Total 

Amount 

Percent of Total 

(Dollars in thousands) 

Real estate loans: 

Residential 1-4 family (1) 

135,947 

10.03 

101,180 

10.82 

110,802 

13.14 

119,296 

15.28 

116,939 

18.92 

Residential 1-4 family construction 

59,756 

4.41 

45,635 

4.88 

46,290 

5.49 

38,602 

4.95 

27,168 

4.40 

Total residential 1-4 family 

195,703 

14.44 

146,815 

15.70 

157,092 

18.63 

157,898 

20.23 

144,107 

23.32 

Commercial real estate 

539,070 

39.76 

410,568 

43.92 

316,668 

37.56 

331,062 

42.41 

256,784 

41.54 

Commercial construction and development 

151,145 

11.15 

92,403 

9.88 

65,281 

7.74 

52,670 

6.75 

41,739 

6.75 

Farmland 

136,334 

10.06 

67,005 

7.17 

65,918 

7.82 

50,293 

6.44 

29,915 

4.84 

Total commercial real estate 

826,549 

60.97 

569,976 

60.97 

447,867 

53.12 

434,025 

55.60 

328,438 

53.13 

Total real estate loans 

1,022,252 

75.41 

716,791 

76.67 

604,959 

71.75 

591,923 

75.83 

472,545 

76.45 

Other loans: 

Home equity 

74,271 

5.48 

51,748 

5.54 

56,563 

6.71 

56,414 

7.23 

52,159 

8.44 

Consumer 

27,609 

2.04 

18,455 

1.97 

20,168 

2.39 

18,882 

2.42 

16,565 

2.68 

Commercial 

127,255 

9.39 

101,535 

10.86 

109,209 

12.95 

72,797 

9.33 

59,053 

9.56 

Agricultural 

104,036 

7.68 

46,335 

4.96 

52,242 

6.20 

40,522 

5.19 

17,709 

2.87 

Total commercial loans 

231,291 

17.07 

147,870 

15.82 

161,451 

19.15 

113,319 

14.52 

76,762 

12.43 

Total other loans 

333,171 

24.59 

218,073 

23.33 

238,182 

28.25 

188,615 

24.17 

145,486 

23.55 

Total loans 

1,355,423 

100.00 

934,864 

100.00 

843,141 

100.00 

780,538 

100.00 

618,031 

100.00 

Deferred loan fees 

(1,745) 

(1,725) 

(2,038) 

(1,303) 

(1,098) 

Allowance for loan losses 

(14,000) 

(12,500) 

(11,600) 

(8,600) 

(6,600) 

Total loans, net 

1,339,678 

920,639 

829,503 

770,635 

610,333 

(1) Excludes loans held-for-sale 

27

Table of Contents 

Loans receivable, net increased 419.04 million, or 45.5 , to 1.34 billion at December 31, 2022 from 920.64 million at December 31, 2021. The increase was impacted by the FCB acquisition, which included 190.89 million of acquired loans. Excluding acquired loans, loans receivable, net increase d by 228.15 million. I ncluding acquired loans, total commercial rea l estate loans increased 256.57 million, t otal commercial loan s increased 83.42 million, total resident ial loans increased 48.88 million, home equity lo ans increased 22.52 million and consumer loa ns increased 9.15 million. 
 
 Total loan originations w ere 1.13 bill ion for the year ended December 31, 2022. Total residential 1-4 family originations we re 635.03 million, which includ es 532.56 million of originations of loans held-for-sale. Total commercial real estate originations we re 315.35 mill ion. Total commercial originations w ere 124.92 mill ion. Home equity loan originations to taled 39.79 million. Consumer loan originations totaled 14.97 million. L oans held-for -sale decreased by 17.57 million, to 8.25 million at December 31, 2022 from 25.82 million at December 31, 2021. 
 
 Loan Maturit ies . The following table sets forth the estimated maturity of the loan portfolio of the Bank at December 31, 2022. Balances exclude deferred loan fees and allowance for loan losses. Scheduled principal repayments of loans do not necessarily reflect the actual life of such assets. The average life of a loan is typically substantially less than its contractual terms because of prepayments. In addition, due on sale clauses on loans generally give the Bank the right to declare loans immediately due and payable in the event, among other things, the borrower sells the real property, subject to the mortgage, and the loan is not paid off. All mortgage loans are shown to be maturing based on the date of the last payment required by the loan agreement, except as noted. 
 
 Loans having no stated maturity, those without a scheduled payment, demand loans and matured loans, are shown as due within six months. 

One Year or Less 

After One Year to Five Years 

After Five Years to Fifteen Years 

After Fifteen Years 

Total 

Total residential 1-4 family (1) 

53,066 

5,388 

24,663 

112,586 

195,703 

Total commercial real estate 

70,429 

38,793 

172,134 

545,193 

826,549 

Home equity 

4,328 

22,435 

46,158 

1,350 

74,271 

Consumer 

1,745 

18,339 

7,206 

319 

27,609 

Total Commercial 

74,760 

79,614 

73,815 

3,102 

231,291 

Total loans (1) 

204,328 

164,569 

323,976 

662,550 

1,355,423 

(1) Excludes loans held-for-sale 

The following table includes loans by fixed or adjustable rates at December 31, 2022 : 

Fixed 

Adjustable 

Total 

(Dollars in Thousands) 

Due after December 31, 2022 

Total residential 1-4 family (1) 

44,719 

97,918 

142,637 

Total commercial real estate 

117,848 

638,272 

756,120 

Home equity 

4,058 

65,885 

69,943 

Consumer 

24,275 

1,589 

25,864 

Total commercial 

100,778 

55,753 

156,531 

Total due after December 31, 2022 

291,677 

859,417 

1,151,095 

Due in less than one year 

150,280 

54,048 

204,328 

Total loans (1) 

441,958 

913,465 

1,355,423 

Percent of total 

32.61 

67.39 

100.00 

(1) Excludes loans held-for-sale 

28

Table of Contents 

Delinquent Loans. The following table provides information regarding the Bank s delinquent loans: 

December 31, 2022 

30-89 Days 

90 Days and Greater 

Number 

Amount 

Percentage of Total 

Number 

Amount 

Percentage of Total 

(Dollars in Thousands) 

(Dollars in Thousands) 

Loan type: 

Real estate loans: 

Residential 1-4 family 

7 

1,798 

32.02 

1 

330 

30.67 

Residential 1-4 family construction 

2 

500 

8.91 

- 

- 

0.00 

Commercial real estate 

2 

780 

13.89 

- 

- 

0.00 

Farmland 

6 

1,620 

28.86 

- 

- 

0.00 

Other loans: 

Home equity 

4 

226 

4.03 

- 

- 

0.00 

Consumer 

58 

93 

1.66 

- 

- 

0.00 

Commercial 

8 

597 

10.63 

2 

746 

69.33 

Total 

87 

5,614 

100.00 

3 

1,076 

100.00 

29

Table of Contents 

Nonperforming Assets. The following table sets forth information regarding nonperforming assets: 

December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

2019 

2018 

(Dollars in Thousands) 

Non-accrual loans 

Real estate loans: 

Residential 1-4 family 

483 

616 

684 

618 

253 

Residential 1-4 family construction 

- 

337 

337 

337 

634 

Commercial real estate 

350 

497 

631 

583 

432 

Commercial construction and development 

- 

- 

36 

50 

13 

Farmland 

143 

989 

2,245 

323 

- 

Other loans: 

Home equity 

96 

100 

94 

78 

469 

Consumer 

25 

62 

151 

156 

127 

Commercial 

44 

516 

537 

750 

308 

Agricultural 

1,059 

1,718 

1,542 

499 

32 

Accruing loans delinquent 90 days or more 

Real estate loans: 

Residential 1-4 family 

330 

- 

34 

4 

130 

Residential 1-4 family construction 

- 

- 

170 

- 

- 

Commercial real estate 

- 

- 

- 

- 

1,347 

Other loans: 

Commercial 

746 

- 

6 

- 

- 

Agricultural 

- 

- 

182 

1,805 

- 

Restructured loans 

Real estate loans: 

Commercial real estate 

3,264 

1,527 

1,633 

- 

- 

Commercial construction and development 

- 

- 

14 

- 

- 

Farmland 

611 

641 

- 

153 

- 

Other loans: 

Home equity 

11 

15 

17 

20 

22 

Commercial 

140 

- 

- 

74 

- 

Agricultural 

476 

41 

160 

- 

- 

Total nonperforming loans 

7,778 

7,059 

8,473 

5,450 

3,767 

Real estate owned and other repossessed property, net 

- 

4 

25 

26 

107 

Total nonperforming assets 

7,778 

7,063 

8,498 

5,476 

3,874 

Total nonperforming loans to total loans 

0.57 

0.76 

1.00 

0.70 

0.61 

Total nonperforming loans to total assets 

0.40 

0.49 

0.67 

0.52 

0.44 

Total nonaccrual loans to total loans 

0.24 

0.59 

0.74 

0.47 

0.37 

Total nonperforming assets to total assets 

0.40 

0.49 

0.68 

0.52 

0.45 

Nonaccrual loans as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 inclu de 694,000 and 492,000, respectively of acquired loans that deteriorated subsequent to the acquisition date. During the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 , an insignificant amount of interest was recorded on loans previously accounted for on a nonaccrual basis. 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022 , the Bank sold three real estate owned and other repossessed assets resulting in a net gain of 185,000. There was one write-up on real estate owned and other repossessed assets for a gain of 18,000 during the year ended December 31, 2022 . During the year ended December 31, 2021 , the Bank sold three real estate owned and other repossessed assets resulting in a net gain of 12,000. There was one write-up on real estate owned and other repossessed assets for a gain of 10,000 during the year ended December 31, 2021 . 
 
 Management, in compliance with regulatory guidelines, conducts an internal loan review program, whereby loans are placed or classified in categories depending upon the level of risk of nonpayment or loss. These categories are special mention, substandard, doubtful or loss. When a loan is classified as substandard or doubtful, management is required to evaluate the loan for impairment and establish an allowance for loan loss if deemed necessary. When management classifies a loan as a loss asset, an allowance equaling up to 100.0 of the loan balance is required to be established or the loan is required to be charged-off. The allowance for loan losses is composed of an allowance for both inherent risk associated with lending activities and specific problem assets. 

30

Table of Contents 

Management s evaluation of classification of assets and adequacy of the allowance for loan losses is reviewed by the Board on a regular basis and by regulatory agencies as part of their examination process. We also utilize a third-party review as part of our loan classification process. In addition, on an annual basis or more often if needed, the Company formally reviews the ratings of all commercial real estate, real estate construction, and commercial business loans that have a principal balance of 750,000 or more. 
 
 The following table reflects our classified assets: 

December 31, 2022 

Special 

Mention 

Substandard 

Doubtful 

Loss 

Total 

(In Thousands) 

Real estate loans: 

Residential 1-4 family 

515 

353 

- 

- 

868 

Residential 1-4 family construction 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Commercial real estate 

16,833 

1,732 

- 

- 

18,565 

Commercial construction and development 

1,044 

- 

- 

- 

1,044 

Farmland 

2,232 

2,456 

- 

- 

4,688 

Other loans: 

Home equity 

- 

124 

- 

- 

124 

Consumer 

10 

39 

- 

- 

49 

Commercial 

1,476 

736 

8 

- 

2,220 

Agricultural 

311 

2,182 

102 

- 

2,595 

Total loans 

22,421 

7,622 

110 

- 

30,153 

Real estate owned/repossessed property, net 

- 

30,153 

December 31, 2021 

Special 

Mention 

Substandard 

Doubtful 

Loss 

Total 

(In Thousands) 

Real estate loans: 

Residential 1-4 family 

- 

301 

199 

- 

500 

Residential 1-4 family construction 

- 

337 

- 

- 

337 

Commercial real estate 

1,527 

2,145 

- 

- 

3,672 

Commercial construction and development 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Farmland 

177 

1,744 

47 

- 

1,968 

Other loans: 

Home equity 

- 

134 

- 

- 

134 

Consumer 

- 

63 

- 

- 

63 

Commercial 

130 

524 

- 

- 

654 

Agricultural 

332 

1,444 

9 

- 

1,785 

Total loans 

2,166 

6,692 

255 

- 

9,113 

Real estate owned/repossessed property, net 

4 

9,117 

The increase in special mention for commercial real estate of 15.30 million from December 31, 2021 to December 31, 2022 was largely related to one customer relationship. The outstanding balance of 10.08 million at December 31, 2022 was paid off during the three months ended March 31, 2023. 

31

Table of Contents 

Allowance for Loan Losses . The Bank segregates its loan portfolio for loan losses into the following broad categories: residential 1-4 family, commercial real estate, home equity, consumer and commercial. The Bank provides for a general allowance for losses inherent in the portfolio in the categories referenced above. General loss percentages which are calculated based on historical analyses and other factors such as volume and severity of delinquencies, local and national economy, underwriting standards and other factors. This portion of the allowance is calculated for inherent losses which probably exist as of the evaluation date even though they might not have been identified by the more objective processes used. This is due to the risk of error and/or inherent imprecision in the process. This portion of the allowance is subjective in nature and requires judgments based on qualitative factors which do not lend themselves to exact mathematical calculations such as: trends in delinquencies and nonaccruals; trends in volume; terms and portfolio mix; new credit products; changes in lending policies and procedures; and changes in the outlook for the local and national economy. 
 
 At least quarterly, the management of the Bank evaluates the need to establish an allowance for losses on specific loans when a finding is made that a loss is estimable and probable. Such evaluation includes a review of all loans for which full collectability may not be reasonably assured and considers, among other matters: the estimated market value of the underlying collateral of problem loans; prior loss experience; economic conditions; and overall portfolio quality. 
 
 Provisions for, or adjustments to, estimated losses are included in earnings in the period they are established. At December 31, 2022, we h ad 14.00 mil lion in allowances for loan losses. 
 
 While we believe we have established our existing allowance for loan losses in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, there can be no assurance that bank regulators, in reviewing our loan portfolio, will not request that we significantly increase our allowance for loan losses, or that general economic conditions, a deteriorating real estate market, or other factors will not cause us to significantly increase our allowance for loan losses, therefore negatively affecting our financial condition and earnings. 
 
 In originating loans, we recognize that credit losses will be experienced and that the risk of loss will vary with, among other things, the type of loan being made, the creditworthiness of the borrower over the term of the loan and, in the case of a secured loan, the quality of the security for the loan. 
 
 It is our policy to review our loan portfolio, in accordance with regulatory classification procedures, on at least a quarterly basis. 

32

Table of Contents 

The following table includes information for allowance for loan losses: 

Years Ended 

December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

(Dollars in Thousands) 

Beginning balance 

12,500 

11,600 

8,600 

Provision for loan losses 

2,001 

861 

3,130 

Charge-offs 

Residential 1-4 Family 

(199) 

- 

- 

Commercial real estate 

- 

(35) 

(18) 

Home equity 

(32) 

- 

- 

Consumer 

(31) 

(16) 

(36) 

Commercial 

(299) 

(6) 

(173) 

Recoveries 

Residential 1-4 Family 

4 

- 

- 

Commercial real estate 

30 

21 

12 

Home equity 

- 

- 

- 

Consumer 

4 

8 

16 

Commercial 

22 

67 

69 

Net loan (recoveries) charge-offs 
 s 
 
 (501) 

39 

(130) 

Ending balance 

14,000 

12,500 

11,600 

Allowance for loan losses to total loans excluding loans held-for-sale 

1.03 

1.34 

1.38 

Allowance for loan losses to total nonperforming loans 

179.99 

177.08 

136.91 

Allowance for loan losses to nonaccrual loans 

424.50 

227.65 

184.89 

Net (recoveries) charge-offs to average loans outstanding during the period 

-0.04 

0.00 

-0.01 

Net charge-offs to average loans outstanding for each loan category are considered insignificant for the periods presented in the table above. 
 
 The following table presents allocation of the allowance for loan losses by loan category and the percentage of loans in each category to total loans: 

December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Amount 

Percentage of Allowance to Total Allowance 

Loan Category to Total Loans 

Amount 

Percentage of Allowance to Total Allowance 

Loan Category to Total Loans 

Amount 

Percentage of Allowance to Total Allowance 

Loan Category to Total Loans 

(Dollars in Thousands) 

Real estate loans: 

Residential 1-4 family 

1,472 

10.51 

14.44 

1,596 

12.77 

15.70 

1,506 

12.98 

18.63 

Commercial real estate 

9,037 

64.55 

60.97 

7,470 

59.76 

60.97 

6,951 

59.92 

53.12 

Total real estate loans 

10,509 

75.06 

75.41 

9,066 

72.53 

76.67 

8,457 

72.90 

71.75 

Other loans: 

Home equity 

509 

3.64 

5.48 

533 

4.26 

5.54 

515 

4.44 

6.71 

Consumer 

342 

2.44 

2.04 

365 

2.92 

1.97 

364 

3.14 

2.39 

Commercial 

2,640 

18.86 

17.07 

2,536 

20.29 

15.82 

2,264 

19.52 

19.15 

Total other loans 

3,491 

24.94 

24.59 

3,434 

27.47 

23.33 

3,143 

27.10 

28.25 

Total 

14,000 

100.00 

100.00 

12,500 

100.00 

100.00 

11,600 

100.00 

100.00 

33

Table of Contents 

Deposits and Other Sources of Funds 
 
 Deposits . Deposits are the Company s primary source of funds. Core deposits are deposits that are more stable and somewhat less sensitive to rate changes. They also represent a lower cost source of funds than rate sensitive, more volatile accounts such as certificates of deposit. We believe that our core deposits are checking, savings, money market and IRA accounts. Based on our historical experience, we include IRA accounts funded by certificates of deposit as core deposits because they exhibit the principal features of core deposits in that they are stable and generally are not rate sensitive. Core deposits were 1.41 billi on or 86.1 of the Bank s total deposits at December 31, 2022 1.38 billion or 84.4 excluding IRA certificates of deposit). The presence of a high percentage of core deposits and, in particular, transaction accounts reflects in part of our strategy to restructure our liabilities to more closely resemble the lower cost of liabilities of a commercial bank. However, a significant portion of our deposits remains in certificate of deposit form. These certificates of deposit, if they mature and are renewed at higher rates, would result in an increase in our cost of funds. 
 
 The following table includes deposit accounts and associated weighted average interest rates for each category of deposits: 

December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Weighted 

Weighted 

Weighted 

Percent 

Average 

Percent 

Average 

Percent 

Average 

Amount 

of Total 

Rate 

Amount 

of Total 

Rate 

Amount 

of Total 

Rate 

(Dollars in Thousands) 

Noninterest checking 

468,955 

28.68 

0.00 

368,846 

30.16 

0.00 

318,389 

30.82 

0.00 

Interest-bearing checking 

252,922 

15.47 

0.11 

203,410 

16.64 

0.02 

160,614 

15.55 

0.02 

Savings 

273,790 

16.74 

0.06 

223,069 

18.25 

0.06 

179,868 

17.41 

0.06 

Money market 

387,947 

23.72 

1.12 

277,469 

22.7 

0.25 

202,407 

19.59 

0.24 

Total 

1,383,614 

84.61 

0.34 

1,072,794 

87.75 

0.08 

861,278 

83.37 

0.07 

Certificates of deposit accounts: 

IRA certificates 

24,907 

1.52 

0.48 

25,333 

2.07 

0.44 

24,693 

2.39 

0.50 

Brokered certificates 

- 

- 

0.00 

- 

0.00 

0.00 

495 

0.05 

1.35 

Other certificates 

226,751 

13.87 

1.51 

124,422 

10.18 

0.38 

146,617 

14.19 

0.71 

Total certificates of deposit 

251,658 

15.39 

1.41 

149,755 

12.25 

0.39 

171,805 

16.63 

0.68 

Total deposits 

1,635,272 

100.00 

0.50 

1,222,549 

100.00 

0.12 

1,033,083 

100.00 

0.18 

Depo sits increased b y 412.72 million, or 33.8 , to 1.64 billion at December 31, 2022 from 1.22 billion at December 31, 2021. A large portion of the deposit increase was due to the FCB acquisition, which brought on 321.11 million in deposits. Excluding acquired deposits, total deposits increased b y 91.61 mil lion. Including acquired deposits, money mark et increased b y 110.48 million, certificates of deposits increased by 101.90 million, noninterest checking increased by 100.11 million, savi ngs increased b y 50.72 million, and interest-bearing checking increased b y 49.51 million. 
 
 At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company he ld 642.02 million and 444.89 million, respectively, in deposit accounts that met or exceeded the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation ("FDIC") requirements of 250,000 and greater. 
 
 The following table shows the amount of certificates of deposit with balances of 250,000 and greater by time remaining until maturity as of December 31, 2022: 

Balance 

250,000 

and Greater 

(In Thousands) 

3 months or less 

33,410 

Over 3 to 6 months 

4,550 

Over 6 to 12 months 

11,557 

Over 12 months 

15,686 

Total 

65,203 

Our depositors are primarily residents of the state of Montana. 

34

Table of Contents 

Borrowings . Deposits are the primary source of funds for our lending and investment activities and for general business purposes. However, as the need arises, or in order to take advantage of funding opportunities, we also borrow funds in the form of advances from FHLB of Des Moines to supplement our supply of lendable funds and to meet deposit withdrawal requirements. The Bank has Federal funds lines of credit with PCBB, PNC, TIB and UBB. Eagle has a line of credit with Bell Bank. 
 
 Advances from FHLB and other borrowi ngs increased by 64.39 million to 69.39 million at December 31, 2022 from 5.00 million at December 31, 2021. The increase was related to funding loan growth. The weighted average rate for borrowings was 4.52 as of December 31, 2022, compared to 1.81 at December 31, 2021. 
 
 Other Long-Term Debt. The following table summarizes other long-term debt activity: 

December 31, 

December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Net 

Percent 

Net 

Percent 

Amount 

of Total 

Amount 

of Total 

(Dollars in Thousands) 

Senior notes fixed at 5.75 , due 2022 

- 

0.00 

9,996 

33.47 

Subordinated debentures fixed at 5.50 to floating, due 2030 

14,751 

25.07 

14,718 

49.27 

Subordinated debentures fixed at 3.50 to floating, due 2032 

38,938 

66.17 

- 

0.00 

Subordinated debentures variable at 3-Month Libor plus 1.42 , due 2035 

5,155 

8.76 

5,155 

17.26 

Total other long-term debt, net 

58,844 

100.00 

29,869 

100.00 

Total other long-term de bt was 58.84 million at December 31, 2022 compared t o 29.87 million at December 31, 2021. This increase of 28.97 million primarily resulted from the issuance of 40.00 million of subordinated notes, slightly offset by the redemption of 10.00 million of senior notes. 

35

Table of Contents 

Shareholders Equity 
 
 Total shareholders equ ity increased slightly by 1.69 million or 1.1 , to 158.42 million at December 31, 2022 from 156.73 million a t December 31, 2021 . This increase was primarily the result of stock issued in connection with the FCB acquisition of 28.35 million in addition to net income of 10.70 million. The increase was largely offset by an increase in other comprehensive loss of 29.85 million, net of tax, related to net unrealized losses in securities available-for-sale, reflecting increases in market interest rates, as well as treasury stock purchases of 4.43 million and dividends paid of 4.06 million. 

Analysis of Net Interest Income 
 
 The Bank s earnings have historically depended primarily upon net interest income, which is the difference between interest income earned on loans and investments and interest paid on deposits and any borrowed funds. It is the single largest component of Eagle s operating income. Net interest income is affected by (i) the difference between rates of interest earned on loans and investments and rates paid on interest-bearing deposits and borrowings (the interest rate spread and (ii) the relative amounts of loans and investments and interest-bearing deposits and borrowings. 
 
 The following table includes average balances for statement of financial position items, as well as, interest and dividends and average yields related to the average balances. All average balances are daily average balances. Nonaccrual loans were included in the computation of average balances, but have been reflected in the table as loans carrying a zero yield. The yields include the effect of deferred fees and discounts and premiums that are amortized or accreted to interest income or expense. 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 

Year Ended December 31, 2021 

Year Ended December 31, 2020 

Average 

Interest 

Average 

Interest 

Average 

Interest 

Daily 

and 

Yield/ 

Daily 

and 

Yield/ 

Daily 

and 

Yield/ 

Balance 

Dividends 

Cost(4) 

Balance 

Dividends 

Cost(4) 

Balance 

Dividends 

Cost(4) 

(Dollars in Thousands) 

Assets: 

Interest earning assets: 

Investment securities 

336,779 

8,579 

2.55 

215,978 

4,238 

1.96 

166,577 

3,742 

2.24 

FHLB and FRB stock 

6,369 

302 

4.74 

4,831 

255 

5.28 

6,534 

370 

5.65 

Loans receivable (1) 

1,194,788 

60,353 

5.05 

914,804 

45,134 

4.93 

874,669 

45,381 

5.17 

Other earning assets 

34,170 

228 

0.67 

74,102 

120 

0.16 

44,771 

161 

0.36 

Total interest earning assets 

1,572,106 

69,462 

4.42 

1,209,715 

49,747 

4.11 

1,092,551 

49,654 

4.54 

Noninterest earning assets 

196,813 

147,534 

127,339 

Total assets 

1,768,919 

1,357,249 

1,219,890 

Liabilities and equity: 

Interest-bearing liabilities: 

Deposit accounts: 

Checking 

244,208 

173 

0.07 

190,645 

47 

0.02 

151,745 

58 

0.04 

Savings 

269,033 

128 

0.05 

198,648 

117 

0.06 

154,224 

145 

0.09 

Money market 

358,122 

1,711 

0.48 

244,113 

545 

0.22 

169,531 

473 

0.28 

Certificates of deposit 

188,954 

1,112 

0.59 

158,959 

765 

0.48 

213,696 

2,938 

1.37 

FHLB advances and other borrowings 

14,627 

514 

3.51 

9,411 

175 

1.86 

76,119 

1,183 

1.55 

Other long-term debt 

59,807 

2,512 

4.20 

29,834 

1,558 

5.22 

28,593 

1,687 

5.88 

Total interest-bearing liabilities 

1,134,751 

6,150 

0.54 

831,610 

3,207 

0.39 

793,908 

6,484 

0.81 

Noninterest checking 

453,841 

346,243 

265,304 

Other noninterest-bearing liabilities 

24,672 

22,382 

19,518 

Total liabilities 

1,613,264 

1,200,235 

1,078,730 

Total equity 

155,655 

157,014 

141,160 

Total liabilities and equity 

1,768,919 

1,357,249 

1,219,890 

Net interest income/interest rate spread (2) 

63,312 

3.88 

46,540 

3.72 

43,170 

3.73 

Net interest margin (3) 

4.03 

3.85 

3.94 

Total interest earning assets to interest-bearing liabilities 

138.54 

145.47 

137.62 

(1) Includes loans held-for-sale. 
 2 Interest rate spread represents the difference between the average yield on interest-earning assets and the average rate on interest-bearing liabilities. 
 3 Net interest margin represents income before the provision for loan losses divided by average interest-earning assets. 
 4 For purposes of this table, tax exempt income is not calculated on a tax equivalent basis. 

36

Table of Contents 

Rate/Volume Analysis 
 
 The following table presents the dollar amount of changes in interest income and interest expense for major components of interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities. For each category of interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities, information is provided on changes attributable to: (1) changes in volume multiplied by the old rate; (2) changes in rate, which are changes in rate multiplied by the old volume; and (3) changes not solely attributable to rate or volume, which have been allocated proportionately to the change due to volume and the change due to rate. 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 

Year Ended December 31, 2021 

Due to 

Due to 

Volume 

Rate 

Net 

Volume 

Rate 

Net 

(In Thousands) 

Interest earning assets: 

Investment securities 

2,370 

1,971 

4,341 

1,110 

(614) 

496 

FHLB and FRB stock 

81 

(34) 

47 

(96) 

(19) 

(115) 

Loans receivable (1) 

13,814 

1,405 

15,219 

2,082 

(2,329) 

(247) 

Other earning assets 

(65) 

173 

108 

105 

(146) 

(41) 

Total interest earning assets 

16,200 

3,515 

19,715 

3,201 

(3,108) 

93 

Interest-bearing liabilities: 

Checking 

13 

113 

126 

15 

(26) 

(11) 

Savings 

41 

(30) 

11 

42 

(70) 

(28) 

Money market 

255 

911 

1,166 

208 

(136) 

72 

Certificates of deposit 

144 

203 

347 

(753) 

(1,420) 

(2,173) 

FHLB advances and other borrowings 

97 

242 

339 

(1,037) 

29 

(1,008) 

Other long-term debt 

1,565 

(611) 

954 

73 

(202) 

(129) 

Total interest-bearing liabilities 

2,115 

828 

2,943 

(1,452) 

(1,825) 

(3,277) 

Change in net interest income 

14,085 

2,687 

16,772 

4,653 

(1,283) 

3,370 

(1) Includes loans held-for-sale. 

Results of Operations 
 
 Comparison of Operating Results for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 Net Income 
 
 Eagle s net income for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 10.70 million compared to 14.42 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 . The decrease of 3.72 million was primarily due to a decrease in noninterest income of 19.96 million. This decrease was largely offset by an increase in net interest income after loan loss provision of 15.63 million. Basic and diluted earnings per common share were both 1.45 for the year ended December 31, 2022 . Basic and diluted earnings per common share were both 2.17 for the prior period. 
 
 Net Interest Income 
 
 Net interest inco me increased to 63.31 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, from 46.54 million for t he year ended December 31, 2021. This increase of 16.77 million, or 36.0 , was primarily the result of an increase in interest and dividend income of 19.71 million. This increase was offset by an increase in interest expense of 2.94 million. 
 
 Interest and Dividend Income 
 
 Interest and dividend income was 69.46 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 , compared to 49.75 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 , an increase of 19.71 million, or 39.6 . Interest and fees on loans increased to 60.35 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 from 45.13 million for the same period ended December 31, 2021 . This increase of 15.22 million, or 33.7 , was largely due to an increase in the average balance of loans. Average balances for loans receivable, including loans held-for-sale, for the year ended December 31, 2022 were 1.19 billion, compared to 914.80 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. This increase of 279.99 million, or 30.6 was impacted by the FCB acquisition, as well as organic growth. In addition, the average interest rate earned on loans receivable increased by 12 basis points, from 4.93 for the year ended December 31, 2021, to 5.05 for the year ended December 31, 2022. Interest accretion on purchased loans was 1.56 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 , which resulted in a 10 basis point increase in net interest margin compared to 579,000 for the year ended December 31, 2021 , which resulted in a 5 basis point increase in net interest margin. Interest on investment securities available-for-sale increased by 4.34 million or 102.4 period over period. Average balances for investments increased to 336.78 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 , from 215.98 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 . The increase in average investment balances was largely driven by the FCB acquisition. Average interest rates earned on investments also increased to 2.55 for the year ended December 31, 2022 from 1.96 for the year ended December 31, 2021 . 

37

Table of Contents 

Interest Expense 
 
 Total interest expense was 6.15 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 , increasing from 3.21 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 . The increase of 2.94 million, or 91.6 , was due to an increase of 1.65 million in interest expense on deposits and a net increase of 1.28 million in interest expense on total borrowings. The average balance for total deposits was 1.51 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 1.14 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase in average deposit balances was due to the FCB acquisition but was also driven by organic growth. In addition, the overall average rate on total deposits was 0.21 for the year ended December 31, 2022 , compared to 0.13 for the year ended December 31, 2021 . The average balance for total borrowings increased from 39.25 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 to 74.43 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 . The increase was impacted by the issuance of 40.00 million of subordinated notes in January 2022. A portion of the net proceeds were used to redeem 10.00 million of senior notes due in February 2022. However, the average rate paid on total borrowings decreased from 4.42 for the year ended December 31, 2021 , to 4.07 for the year ended December 31, 2022 . The decrease in the average rate paid was due to the change in the mix of the outstanding borrowings. 
 
 Loan Loss Provision 
 
 Loan loss provisions are charged to earnings to maintain the total allowance for loan losses at a level considered adequate by the Bank to provide for probable loan losses based on prior loss experience, volume and type of lending we conduct and past due loans in portfolio. The Bank s policies require the review of assets on a quarterly basis. The Bank classifies loans if warranted. While management believes it uses the best information available to make a determination with respect to the allowance for loan losses, it recognizes that future adjustments may be necessary. Using this methodology, the Bank recorded 2.00 million in loan loss provisions for the year ended December 31, 2022 , compared to 861,000 in loan loss provisions for the year ended December 31, 2021 . The increase in the loan loss provision was largely due to loan growth. Management believes the level of total allowances is adequate to cover estimated losses inherent in the portfolio. However, if the economic outlook worsens relative to the assumptions we utilized, our allowance for loan losses will increase accordingly in future periods. Total nonperforming loans, including restructured loans, net, was 7.78 million at December 31, 2022 compared to 7.06 million at December 31, 2021 . There was no other real estate owned and other repossessed assets at December 31, 2022 compared to 4,000 at December 31, 2021 . 
 
 Noninterest Income 
 
 Total noninterest income was 26.22 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 , compared to 46.18 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 . The decrease of 19.96 million, or 43.2 was primarily due to a decrease in a mortgage banking, net of 21.55 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 . Mortgage banking, net includes net gain on sale of mortgage loans which decreased 27.48 million to 18.61 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 , compared to 46.09 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 . This change reflects a mortgage market that has returned to more normal levels after record levels were reached in 2020 and 2021. During the year ended December 31, 2022 , 551.02 million residential mortgage loans were sold compared to 1.06 billion in the prior year. In addition, gross margin on sale of mortgage loans for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 3.38 compa red to 4.34 for the year ended December 31, 2021. There has been margin compression due to increased competition. Mortgage banking, net also includes the impact of fair value changes of loans held-for sale and derivatives. The net change in fair value of loans held-for-sale and derivatives was a loss of 1.84 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to a loss of 5.44 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 . 
 
 Noninterest Expense 
 
 Noninterest expense was 73.68 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 , compared to 72.58 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 , a slight increase of 1.10 million, or 1.5 . Acquisition costs were 2.30 million during the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 761,000 during the prior year. Occupancy and equipment also increased by 1.15 million due to office expansion and the corresponding depreciation and amortization expense, as well as utilization and maintenance costs. These increases were largely offset by a decrease in salaries and employee benefits of 4.25 million due to lower commissions paid on residential mortgage originations. 
 
 Provision for Income Tax es 
 
 Provision for income taxes was 3.15 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 4.86 m illion for th e year ended December 31, 2021 due to decreased income before provision for income taxes. The effective tax rate was 22.7 f or the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 25.2 for the prior year. 

38

Table of Contents 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 
 Liquidity 
 
 The Bank is required by regulation to maintain sufficient levels of liquidity for safety and soundness purposes. Appropriate levels of liquidity will depend upon the types of activities in which the company engages. For internal reporting purposes, the Bank uses policy minimums of 1.0 , and 8.0 for basic surplus and basic surplus with FHLB as internally defined. In general, the basic surplus is a calculation of the ratio of unencumbered short-term assets reduced by estimated percentages of CD maturities and other deposits that may leave the Bank in the next 90 days divided by total assets. Basic surplus with FHLB adds to basic surplus the additional borrowing capacity the Bank has with the FHLB of Des Moin es. The Bank exceeded those minimum ratios as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 
 The Company s primary sources of funds are deposits, repayment of loans and mortgage-backed securities, maturities of investments, funds provided from operations, advances from the FHLB of Des Moines and other borrowings. Scheduled repayments of loans and mortgage-backed securities and maturities of investment securities are generally predictable. However, other sources of funds, such as deposit flows and loan prepayments, can be greatly influenced by the general level of interest rates, economic conditions and competition. The Company uses liquidity resources principally to fund existing and future loan commitments. It also uses them to fund maturing certificates of deposit and demand deposit withdrawals. In addition, the Bank uses liquidity resources for investment purposes, to meet operating expenses and capital expenditures, for dividend payments and stock repurchases and to maintain adequate liquidity levels. 
 
 Liquidity may be adversely affected by unexpected deposit outflows, higher interest rates paid by competitors, and similar matters. Management monitors projected liquidity needs and determines the level desirable based in part on Eagle s commitments to make loans and management s assessment of Eagle s ability to generate funds. 
 
 Comparison of Cash Flow for Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 Net cash provided by the Company s operating activities, which is primarily comprised of cash transactions affecting net income, was 41.91 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 56.45 million for the prior year. Net cash provided by operating activities was lower for the year ended December 31, 2022 primarily due to changes in loans held-for-sale activity. 
 
 Net cash used in the Company s investing activities, which is primarily comprised of cash transactions related to activity in the loan portfolio and investment securities, was 235.04 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 232.92 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. Net cash used in investing activities for the year ended December 31, 2022 was due in part to loan originations being higher than loan pay-off and principal payments during the year. Loan origination and principal collection, net was 234.26 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. In addition, available-for-sale securities purchases were 77.07 million during the year ended December 31, 2022, more than offset by available-for sale securities sales and maturities, principal payments and calls of 82.95 million. Investing activities was also impacted by net cash received from acquisitions of 13.40 million. Available-for-sale securities purchases were 132.18 million during the year ended December 31, 2021. Net cash used in investing activities for the year ended December 31, 2021, was also impacted by loan originations being higher than loan pay-off and principal payments during the year. Loan origination and principal collection, net was 98.67 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 
 Net cash provided by the Company s financing activities was 153.51 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 168.10 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. Net cash provided by financing activities for the year ended December 31, 2022 was largely impacted by a net increase in deposits of 91.62 million. In addition, net short-term advances from FHLB and other borrowings increased by 69.39 million and subordinated debentures of 40.00 million were issued. These increases were partially offset by a net decrease in repurchase agreements of 22.85 million and the repayment of 10.00 million of subordinated debentures. Net cash provided by financing activities for the year ended December 31, 2021 was impacted by a net increase in deposits of 189.47 million. This was slightly offset by net payment on FHLB and other borrowings of 12.07 million. 

39

Table of Contents 

Capital Resources 
 
 At December 31, 2022, the Bank s internally determined measurement of sensitivity to interest rate movements as measured by a 200 basis point rise in interest rates scenario, decreased the economic value of equity EVE by 12.6 compared to an increase of 8.90 a t December 31, 2021. The Bank is within the guidelines set forth by the Board of Directors for interest rate sensitivity. 
 
 The Bank s Tier 1 leverage ratio, as measured under State of Montana and FRB rule s, decreased from 10.96 a s of December 31, 2021 to 9.82 as of December 31, 2022. The Bank s strong capital position helps to mitigate its interest rate risk exposure. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company s regulatory capital was in excess of all applicable regulatory requirements and is deemed well capitalized pursuant to State of Montana and FRB rules. At December 31, 2022, the Bank s total capital, Tier 1 capital, common equity Tier 1 capital and Tier 1 leverage ratios amounted to 13.04 , 12.14 , 12.14 and 9.82 , respectively, compared to regulatory requirements of 10.50 , 8.50 , 7.00 and 4.00 , respectively. 
 
 Impact of Inflation and Changing Prices 
 
 Our consolidated financial statements and the accompanying notes, which are found in Item 8, have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, which require the measurement of financial position and operating results in terms of historical dollars without considering the change in the relative purchasing power of money over time and due to inflation. The impact of inflation is reflected in the increased cost of our operations. Interest rates have a greater impact on our performance than do the general levels of inflation. Interest rates do not necessarily move in the same direction or to the same extent as the prices of goods and services. 
 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 
 Interest rate risk is the potential for loss of future earnings resulting from adverse changes in the level of interest rates. Interest rate risk results from several factors and could have a significant impact on the Company s net interest income, which is the Company's primary source of net income. Net interest income is affected by changes in interest rates, the relationship between rates on interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities, the impact of interest fluctuations on asset prepayments and the mix of interest-bearing assets and liabilities. 
 
 Although interest rate risk is inherent in the banking industry, banks are expected to have sound risk management practices in place to measure, monitor and control interest rate exposures. The objective of interest rate risk management is to contain the risks associated with interest rate fluctuations. The process involves identification and management of the sensitivity of net interest income to changing interest rates. 
 
 The ongoing monitoring and management of this risk is an important component of the Company s asset/liability committee, which is governed by policies established by the Company s Board that are reviewed and approved annually. The Board delegates responsibility for carrying out the asset/liability management policies to the Bank s asset/liability committee. In this capacity, the asset/liability committee develops guidelines and strategies impacting the Company s asset/liability management related activities based upon estimated market risk sensitivity, policy limits and overall market interest rate levels and trends. The Company s goal of its asset and liability management practices is to maintain or increase the level of net interest income within an acceptable level of interest rate risk. Our asset and liability policy and strategies are expected to continue as described so long as competitive and regulatory conditions in the financial institution industry and market interest rates continue as they have in recent years. 
 
 The Bank has established acceptable levels of interest rate risk as follows for an instantaneous and permanent shock in rates: Projected net interest income over the next twelve months (i.e. year-1) and the subsequent twelve months (i.e. year-2) will not be reduced by more than 15.0 given an immediate increase or decrease in interest rates of up to 200 basis points or by more than 10.0 given an immediate increase or decrease in interest rates of up to 100 basis points. 

40

Table of Contents 

The following table includes the Banks s net interest income sensitivity analysis. 

Changes in Market 
 
 Rate Sensitivity 

Interest Rates 
 
 As of December 31, 2022 
 
 Policy 

(Basis Points) 
 
 Year 1 
 
 Year 2 
 
 Limits 

+200 
 
 -2.3 
 
 8.2 
 
 -15.0 

+100 
 
 -0.9 
 
 7.8 
 
 -10.0 

-100 
 
 -0.2 
 
 3.9 
 
 -10.0 

-200 
 
 -0.7 
 
 0.6 
 
 -15.0 

The following table discloses how the Bank s economic value of equity EVE would react to interest rate changes. 

Changes in Market 
 
 EVE as a Change from 0 Shock 

Interest Rates 
 
 As of December 31, 2022 
 
 Board Policy 

(Basis Points) 
 
 Projected EVE 
 
 Limit 

Maximum change: 

+400 
 
 4.4 
 
 -40.0 

+300 
 
 4.1 
 
 -35.0 

+200 
 
 3.2 
 
 -30.0 

+100 
 
 2.4 
 
 -20.0 

0 
 
 0.0 
 
 0.0 

-100 
 
 -5.4 
 
 -20.0 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
 
 As a financial services provider, we routinely are a party to various financial instruments with off-balance-sheet risks, such as commitments to extend credit and unused lines of credit. While these contractual obligations represent our future cash requirements, a significant portion of commitments to extend credit may expire without being drawn upon. Such commitments are subject to the same credit policies and approval process accorded to loans we make. 
 
 Commitments are summarized as follows: 

December 31, 

2022 

2021 

(In Thousands) 

Commitments to extend credit 

367,494 

252,485 

Letters of credit 

10,563 

4,129 

ITEM 7A. 
 QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK. 

This item has been omitted based on Eagle s status as a smaller reporting company. 

ITEM 8. 
 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA. 

Eagle s audited consolidated financial statements, notes thereto, and auditor s reports are found immediately following Part III of this report. 

ITEM 9. 
 CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE. 

None. 

41

Table of Contents 

ITEM 9A. 
 CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES. 

Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 
 We conducted an evaluation under the supervision and with the participation of our management including our Chief Executive Officer CEO and our Chief Financial Officer CFO of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act, as amended, as of December 31, 2022, to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports filed or submitted by us under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission s rules and forms, including to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports filed or submitted by us under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to management to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Based on that evaluation, our CEO and CFO concluded that as of December 31, 2022, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective. 
 
 Management Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f). Our management conducted an assessment of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. This assessment was based upon the criteria for effective internal control over financial reporting established in the 2013 Internal Control - Integrated Framework, issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. 
 
 The Company s internal control over financial reporting involves a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. Internal control over financial reporting includes the controls themselves, as well as monitoring of the controls and internal auditing practices and actions to correct deficiencies identified. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect all misstatements. 
 
 Management assessed the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. Based on this assessment, management concluded that, as of December 31, 2022, the Company s internal control over financial reporting was effective. 
 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 There were no changes in the Company s internal control over financial reporting identified in connection with the evaluation required by paragraph (d) of Exchange Act Rules 13a-15 or 15d-15 that occurred during the quarter ended December 31, 2022 that have materially affected, or were reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 

ITEM 9B. 
 OTHER INFORMATION. 

None. 

ITEM 9C. 
 DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTION. 

Not applicable. 

42

Table of Contents 

PART III 
 
 Except as provided below, the information required by Items 10, 11, 12, 13 and 14 is hereby incorporated by reference from our definitive proxy statement to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission within 120 days after the close of our year ended December 31, 2022. 

ITEM 10. 
 DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE. 

Information about our directors may be found under the caption Proposal I Election of Directors in our Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders (the Proxy Statement ). The information in the Proxy Statement set forth under the captions of Board Attendance and Committees, Board Leadership Structure, The Board s Role in Risk Oversight and Code of Ethics is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 Information about our executive officers may be found under the caption "Executive Officers" in our Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 Code of Ethics 
 
 We have a code of ethics that applies to all of our employees, including our principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer and our Board. Our Code of Ethics and Conflict of Interest Policy is available on our website at www.opportunitybank.com . We will disclose on our website any amendments to or waivers from any provision of our Code of Ethics and Conflict of Interest Policy that applies to any of the directors or executive officers. 

ITEM 11. 
 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION. 

The information in the Proxy Statement set forth under the captions of Directors Compensation and Executive Compensation is incorporated herein by reference. 

ITEM 12. 
 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS. 

The information in the Proxy Statement set forth under the caption of Beneficial Ownership of Common Stock is incorporated herein by reference. 

ITEM 13. 
 CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE. 

The information in the Proxy Statement set forth under the captions of Transactions with Certain Related Persons and Board Independence is incorporated herein by reference. 

ITEM 14. 
 PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES. 

The information in the Proxy Statement set forth under the caption of Proposal 2 Ratification of Appointment of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 PART IV 

ITEM 15. 
 EXHIBIT AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES. 

(a) 
 (1) 
 The following documents are filed as part of this report: The audited Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition of Eagle Bancorp Montana, Inc. and subsidiaries as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 and the related Consolidated Statements of Income, Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income, Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders' Equity and Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years then ended, together with the related notes and Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. 

(2) 
 Schedules omitted as they are not applicable. 

(3) 
 Exhibits. 

43

Table of Contents 

Exhibits 10.1 through 10.16 and 10.23 through 10.34 are management contracts or compensatory plans or arrangements. 

2.1 
 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of September 5, 2017, by and among Eagle Bancorp Montana, Inc., Opportunity Bank of Montana, TwinCo, Inc. and Ruby Valley Bank (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 of our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 6, 2017) 

2.2 
 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of August 21, 2018, by and among Eagle Bancorp Montana, Inc., Opportunity Bank of Montana, Big Muddy Bancorp, Inc. and The State Bank of Townsend (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 of our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 21, 2018) 

2.3 
 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of August 8, 2019, by and among Eagle Bancorp Montana, Inc., Opportunity Bank of Montana, Western Holding Company of Wolf Point and Western Bank of Wolf Point (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 of our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 9, 2019) 

2.4 
 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of September 30, 2021, by and among Eagle Bancorp Montana, Inc., Opportunity Bank of Montana, First Community Bancorp, Inc. and First Community bank (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 of our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 1, 2021) 

3.1 
 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Eagle Bancorp Montana, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 23, 2010). 

3.2 
 Certificate of Amendment to the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 of our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on May 9, 2019). 

3.3 
 Bylaws of Eagle Bancorp Montana, Inc., amended as of August 20, 2015 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 25, 2015). 

4.1 
 Form of Common Stock Certificate of Eagle Bancorp Montana, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4 of our Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on December 17, 2009). 

4.2 
 Form of 6.75 Subordinated Note due 2025 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 19, 2015). 

4.3 
 Form of 5.75 Subordinated Note due 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 13, 2017). 

4.4 
 Description of Eagle Bancorp Montana, Inc. s Securities Registered under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.4 of our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 11, 2020). 

4.5 
 Form of 3.50 Subordinated Note due 2032 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 24, 2022). 

4.6 
 Indenture dated January 21, 2022, by and between Eagle Bancorp Montana, Inc. and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 24, 2022). 

10.1 
 Employment Contract, effective as of April 27, 2015, among Peter J. Johnson, Eagle Bancorp Montana, Inc. and Opportunity Bank of Montana (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 29, 2015). 

10.2 
 Form of Change in Control Agreement entered into between Opportunity Bank of Montana and its executive officers (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 28, 2022). 

10.3 
 Amended Salary Continuation Agreement, dated April 27, 2015, between Peter J. Johnson and Opportunity Bank of Montana (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 of our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 24, 2015). 

10.4 
 Amendment to Salary Continuation Agreement between Opportunity Bank of Montana and Peter J. Johnson (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 11, 2018). 

10.5 
 Second Amendment to the Salary Continuation Agreement between Opportunity Bank of Montana and Peter J. Johnson dated August 20, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 24, 2021). 

10.6 
 Salary Continuation Agreement, dated November 1, 2014, between Laura F. Clark and Opportunity Bank of Montana (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on May 9, 2019). 

10.7 
 Amendment to Salary Continuation Agreement between Opportunity Bank of Montana and Laura F. Clark (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 11, 2018). 

10.8 
 Amendment to Salary Continuation Agreement between Opportunity Bank of Montana and Laura F. Clark (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 22, 2020). 

10.9 
 Salary Continuation Agreement, dated November 16, 2006, between Rachel R. Amdahl and American Federal Savings Bank (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.18 of our Amendment No. 1 to Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on February 1, 2010). 

44

Table of Contents 

10.10 
 American Federal Savings Bank Split-Dollar Plan, effective October 21, 2004 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.19 of our Amendment No. 1 to Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on February 1, 2010). 

10.11 
 Summary of American Federal Savings Bank Bonus Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.20 of our Amendment No. 2 to Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on February 16, 2010). 

10.12 
 2011 Stock Incentive Plan for Directors, Officers and Employees (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Registration Statement on Form S-8 (File No. 333-182360) filed with the SEC on June 27, 2012). 

10.13 
 Amendment No. 1 to the Eagle Bancorp Montana, Inc. 2011 Stock Incentive Plan for Directors, Officers, and Employees (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.13 of our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 15, 2016). 

10.14 
 Amendment No. 2 to the Eagle Bancorp Montana, Inc. 2011 Stock Incentive Plan for Directors, Officers and Employees (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 21, 2017). 

10.15 
 Amendment No. 3 to the Eagle Bancorp Montana, Inc. 2011 Stock Incentive Plan for Directors, Officers and Employees (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on May 11, 2020). 

10.16 
 Amendment No. 4 to the Eagle Bancorp Montana, Inc. 2011 Stock Incentive Plan for Directors, Officers and Employees (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 27, 2022. 

10.17 
 Form of Subordinated Note Purchase Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 19, 2015). 

10.18 
 Form of Subordinated Note Purchase Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 13, 2017). 

10.19 
 Form of Subordinated Note Purchase Agreement dated June 10, 2020, by and among Eagle Bancorp Montana, Inc. and the Purchasers (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 10, 2020). 

10.20 
 Form of Subordinated Note Purchase Agreement dated January 21, 2022, by and among Eagle Bancorp Montana, Inc. and the Purchasers (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 24, 2022). 

10.21 
 Form of Registration Rights Agreement dated January 21, 2022, by and among Eagle Bancorp Montana, Inc. and the Purchasers (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 24, 2022). 

10.22 
 Form of Eagle Bancorp Montana, Inc. Indemnification Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.15 of our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 12, 2019). 

10.23 
 Salary Continuation Agreement between Opportunity Bank of Montana and Patrick D. Rensmon (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 11, 2018). 

10.24 
 Salary Continuation Agreement between Opportunity Bank of Montana and Mark O Neill (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 of our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 14, 2018). 

10.25 
 Salary Continuation Agreement between Opportunity Bank of Montana and Dale Field (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on May 9, 2019). 

10.26 
 Second Amendment to Salary Continuation Agreement between Opportunity Bank of Montana and Dale Field (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 4, 2022). 

10.27 
 Amendment to Salary Continuation Agreement between Opportunity Bank of Montana and Dale Field (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 of our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 14, 2018). 

10.28 
 Salary Continuation Agreement between Opportunity Bank of Montana and Chantelle Nash (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on May 9, 2019). 

10.29 
 Amendment to Salary Continuation Agreement between Opportunity Bank of Montana and Chantelle Nash (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 of our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 14, 2018). 

10.30 
 Salary Continuation Agreement between Opportunity Bank of Montana and Linda Chilton (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 5, 2020). 

10.31 
 2020 Non-Employee Director Award Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on May 11, 2020). 

10.32 
 Salary Continuation Agreement between Opportunity Bank of Montana and Alana Binde (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 4, 2022). 

10.33 
 Salary Continuation Agreement between Opportunity Bank of Montana and Miranda Spaulding (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 9, 2022). 

10.34 
 Deferred Compensation Agreement between Eagle Bancorp Montana, Inc. and Peter J. Johnson (filed herewith). 

45

Table of Contents 

21.1 
 Subsidiaries of Registrant. 

23.1 
 Consent of Moss Adams LLP. 

31.1 
 Certification by Laura F. Clark, Chief Executive Officer, pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

31.2 
 Certification by Miranda J. Spaulding, Chief Financial Officer, pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.1 
 Certification by Laura F. Clark, Chief Executive Officer and Miranda J. Spaulding, Chief Financial Officer, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

The schedules have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(b)(2) of Regulation S-K. Eagle Bancorp Montana agrees to furnish supplementally a copy of such schedules, or any section thereof, to the SEC upon request. 

(b) 
 See item 15(a)(3) above. 

(c) 
 See Item 15(a)(1) and 15(a)(2) above. 

101.INS 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document (the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 

101.SCH 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

101.CAL 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 

101.DEF 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 

101.LAB 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 

101.PRE 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

104 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 

ITEM 16. 
 FORM 10-K SUMMARY. 

None. 

46

Table of Contents 

SIGNATURES 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

EAGLE BANCORP MONTANA, INC. 

/s/ Laura F. Clark 

Laura F. Clark 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

March 8, 2023 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signatures 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/ Laura F. Clark 
 
 President and Chief Executive Officer 
 
 March 8, 2023 

Laura F. Clark 
 
 Director (Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/ Miranda J. Spaulding 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 March 8, 2023 

Miranda J. Spaulding 
 
 (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 

/s/ Rick F. Hays 
 
 Chairman 
 
 March 8, 2023 

Rick F. Hays 

/s/ Thomas J. McCarvel 
 
 Vice Chairman 
 
 March 8, 2023 

Thomas J. McCarvel 

/s/ Peter J. Johnson 
 
 Director 
 
 March 8, 2023 

Peter J. Johnson 

/s/ Maureen J. Rude 
 
 Director 
 
 March 8, 2023 

Maureen J. Rude 

/s/ Shavon R. Cape 
 
 Director 
 
 March 8, 2023 

Shavon R. Cape 

/s/ Tanya J. Chemodurow 
 
 Director 
 
 March 8, 2023 

Tanya J. Chemodurow 

/s/ Kenneth M. Walsh 
 
 Director 
 
 March 8, 2023 

Kenneth M. Walsh 

/s/ Corey Jensen 
 
 Director 
 
 March 8, 2023 

Corey Jensen 

/s/ Benjamin G. Ruddy 
 
 Director 
 
 March 8, 2023 

Benjamin G. Ruddy 

/s/ Cynthia A. Utterback 
 
 Director 
 
 March 8, 2023 

Cynthia A. Utterback 

/s/ Samuel D. Waters 
 
 Director 
 
 March 8, 2023 

Samuel D. Waters 

47

Table of Contents 

AND SUBSIDIAR IES 

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 and 
 
 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Table of Contents 

EAGLE BANCORP MONTANA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 
 Contents 
 
 Page 
 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (Moss Adams LLP, Everett, Washington, PCAOB ID: 1 
 
 Financial Statements 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition 3 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Income 4 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 5 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders Equity 6 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 7 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 9 

Table of Contents 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of 
 Eagle Bancorp Montana, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated statements of financial condition of Eagle Bancorp Montana, Inc. and Subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, changes in shareholders equity and cash flows for the years then ended, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the consolidated results of its operations and its cash flows for the years then ended, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 
 
 Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures to respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

- 1 -

Table of Contents 

Critical Audit Matter 
 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 
 Allowance for Loan Losses 
 
 As described in the consolidated financial statements, the Company s allowance for loan losses balance was 14.0 million at December 31, 2022. The Company maintains an allowance for loan losses to absorb losses inherent in the loan portfolio, which represents management s estimate for probable losses based on available information. The allowance consists of specific reserves on impaired loans and also includes a general component. The general component covers loans not classified as impaired and is based on historical loss experience adjusted for qualitative factors. 
 
 We identified management s estimation of qualitative factors, which is used in the general component of the allowance for loan losses calculation, as a critical audit matter. The Company uses qualitative factors to estimate losses related to factors that are not captured in the historical loss rates. The estimation of these factors, based on management s evaluation of available internal and external data, is subjective in nature and requires significant judgment by management. Auditing management s judgments regarding the determination of qualitative factors applied to the allowance for loan losses involves a high degree of subjectivity. 
 
 The primary procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter included: 
 
 Obtaining management s analysis and supporting documentation related to the qualitative factors, and testing whether the qualitative factors used in the calculation of the allowance for loan losses are supported by the analysis provided by management. 
 
 Testing the mathematical accuracy of the allowance for loan losses calculation, including validating the completeness and accuracy of the data used in the calculation and application of the qualitative factors within the calculation. 
 
 Testing the appropriateness of the methodology and assumptions used in the calculation of the allowance for loan losses, including whether the qualitative factors were reliable and relevant. 
 
 Developing an independent expectation of the allowance for loan losses and the general reserve component of the allowance for loan losses using a combination of internal and external data and comparing the expected balance to the Company s recorded amounts. 

/s/ 

March 8, 2023 
 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2019. 

- 2 -

Table of Contents 

EAGLE BANCORP MONTANA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION 
 (Dollars in Thousands, Except for Per Share Data) 

December 31, 
 2022 2021 
 ASSETS: 
 Cash and due from banks 
 Interest-bearing deposits in banks 
 Federal funds sold 
 Total cash and cash equivalents 
 
 Securities available-for-sale 
 Federal Home Loan Bank ("FHLB") stock 
 Federal Reserve Bank ("FRB") stock 
 Mortgage loans held-for-sale, at fair value 
 Loans receivable, net of allowance for loan losses of 14,000 and 12,500 at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 
 Accrued interest and dividends receivable 
 Mortgage servicing rights, net 
 Assets held-for-sale, at fair value 
 Premises and equipment, net 
 Cash surrender value of life insurance, net 
 Goodwill 
 Core deposit intangible, net 
 Deferred tax asset, net 
 Other assets 
 Total assets 
 
 LIABILITIES: 
 Deposit accounts: 
 Noninterest-bearing 
 Interest-bearing 
 Total deposits 
 
 Accrued expenses and other liabilities 
 Deferred tax liability, net 
 FHLB advances and other borrowings 
 Other long-term debt: 
 Principal amount 
 Unamortized debt issuance costs 
 Total other long-term debt, net 
 
 Total liabilities 
 
 COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES (NOTE 11) 
 
 SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY: 
 Preferred stock (par value 0.01 per share; 1,000,000 shares authorized; no shares issued or outstanding) 
 Common stock 0.01 par value; 20,000,000 shares authorized; 8,507,429 and 7,110,833 shares issued at December 31, 2022 and 2021 respectively; 8,006,033 and 6,794,811 shares outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively) 
 Additional paid-in capital 
 Unallocated common stock held by Employee Stock Ownership Plan ("ESOP") 
 Treasury stock, at cost 501,396 and 316,022 shares at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively) 
 Retained earnings 
 Accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income, net of tax 
 Total shareholders' equity 
 
 Total liabilities and shareholders' equity 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

- 3 -

Table of Contents 

EAGLE BANCORP MONTANA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME 
 (Dollars in Thousands, Except for Per Share Data) 

Years Ended 

December 31, 

2022 

2021 

INTEREST AND DIVIDEND INCOME: 

Interest and fees on loans 

Securities available-for-sale 

FHLB and FRB dividends 

Other interest income 

Total interest and dividend income 

INTEREST EXPENSE: 

Deposits 

FHLB advances and other borrowings 

Other long-term debt 

Total interest expense 

NET INTEREST INCOME 

Loan loss provision 

NET INTEREST INCOME AFTER LOAN LOSS PROVISION 

NONINTEREST INCOME: 

Service charges on deposit accounts 

Mortgage banking, net 

Interchange and ATM fees 

Appreciation in cash surrender value of life insurance 

Other noninterest income 

Total noninterest income 

NONINTEREST EXPENSE: 

Salaries and employee benefits 

Occupancy and equipment expense 

Data processing 

Advertising 

Amortization 

Loan costs 

Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation ("FDIC") insurance premiums 

Professional and examination fees 

Acquisition costs 

Other noninterest expense 

Total noninterest expense 

INCOME BEFORE PROVISION FOR INCOME TAXES 

Provision for income taxes 

NET INCOME 

BASIC EARNINGS PER COMMON SHARE 

DILUTED EARNINGS PER COMMON SHARE 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

- 4 -

Table of Contents 

EAGLE BANCORP MONTANA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
 (Dollars in Thousands) 

Years Ended 

December 31, 

2022 

2021 

NET INCOME 

OTHER ITEMS OF COMPREHENSIVE (LOSS) INCOME BEFORE TAX: 

Change in fair value of investment securities available-for-sale 

() 

() 

Reclassification for net realized losses (gains) on investment securities available-for-sale 

() 

Total other comprehensive loss 

() 

() 

Income tax benefit related to securities available-for-sale 

COMPREHENSIVE (LOSS) INCOME 

() 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

- 5 -

Table of Contents 

EAGLE BANCORP MONTANA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 
 (Dollars in Thousands, Except for Per Share Data) 

Accumulated 

Additional 

Unallocated 

Other 

Preferred 

Common 

Paid-In 

ESOP 

Treasury 

Retained 

Comprehensive 

Stock 

Stock 

Capital 

Shares 

Stock 

Earnings 

Income (Loss) 

Total 

Balance at January 1, 2022 

() 

() 

Net income 

Other comprehensive loss 

() 

() 

Dividends paid 0.525 per share) 

() 

() 

Stock issued in connection with First Community Bancorp, Inc. acquisition 

Stock compensation expense 

Treasury stock reissued for stock incentive plans (25,751 shares at 15.85 average cost per share 

() 

ESOP shares allocated (23,990 shares) 

() 

Treasury stock purchased (211,125 shares at 20.98 average cost per share) 

() 

() 

Balance at December 31, 2022 

() 

() 

() 

Balance at January 1, 2021 

() 

() 

Net income 

Other comprehensive loss 

() 

() 

Dividends paid 0.445 per share) 

() 

() 

Stock compensation expense 

Treasury stock reissued for stock incentive plans (18,108 shares at 17.09 average cost per share 

() 

ESOP shares allocated (25,716 shares) 

Treasury stock purchased through tender offer (250,000 shares at 25.12 average cost per share) 

() 

() 

Sale of shares to ESOP (251,256 shares at 23.88 average price per share) 

- 

- 

() 

- 

- 

- 

Balance at December 31, 2021 

() 

() 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

- 6 -

Table of Contents 

EAGLE BANCORP MONTANA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (Dollars in Thousands) 

Years Ended 
 December 31, 
 2022 2021 
 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES: 
 Net income 
 Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: 
 Loan loss provision 
 Recovery of servicing rights 
 Depreciation 
 Net amortization of investment securities premiums and discounts 
 Amortization of mortgage servicing rights 
 Amortization of right-of-use assets 
 Amortization 
 Compensation expense related to restricted stock awards 
 ESOP compensation expense for allocated shares 
 Deferred income tax provision 
 Net gain on sale of loans 
 Originations of loans held-for-sale 
 Proceeds from sales of loans held-for-sale 
 Net gain on sale of real estate owned and other repossessed assets 
 Net gain on sale/disposal of premises and equipment 
 Net appreciation in cash surrender value of life insurance 
 Net change in: 
 Accrued interest and dividends receivable 
 Other assets 
 Accrued expenses and other liabilities 
 Net cash provided by operating activities 
 
 CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES: 
 Activity in available-for-sale securities: 
 Sales 
 Maturities, principal payments and calls 
 Purchases 
 FHLB stock (purchased) redeemed 
 FRB stock purchased 
 Net cash received from acquisitions 
 Loan origination and principal collection, net 
 Purchases of bank owned life insurance 
 Proceeds from sale of real estate and other repossessed assets acquired in settlement of loans 
 Proceeds from sale of premises and equipment 
 Purchases of premises and equipment, net 
 Net cash used in investing activities 
 
 CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES: 
 Net increase in deposits 
 Net decrease in repurchase agreements 
 Net short-term advances from FHLB and other borrowings 
 Payments on long-term FHLB and other borrowings 
 Proceeds from issuance of subordinated debentures 
 Repayment of subordinated debentures 
 Payments for debt issuance costs 
 Purchase of treasury stock 
 Dividends paid 
 Net cash provided by financing activities 
 
 NET INCREASE IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS 
 
 CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS, beginning of period 
 
 CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS, end of period 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

- 7 -

Table of Contents 

EAGLE BANCORP MONTANA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (Continued) 
 (Dollars in Thousands) 

Years Ended 

December 31, 

2022 

2021 

(In Thousands) 

SUPPLEMENTAL CASH FLOW INFORMATION: 

Cash paid during the year for interest 

Cash paid during the year for income taxes 

Acquisitions: 

Assets acquired, excluding cash 

Liabilities assumed 

NON-CASH INVESTING AND FINANCING ACTIVITIES: 

Decrease in fair value of securities available-for-sale 

() 

() 

Mortgage servicing rights recognized 

Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for lease liabilities 

Loans transferred to real estate and other assets acquired in foreclosure 

Stock issued in connection with acquisitions 

Sale of shares from Eagle to ESOP in exchange for loan 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

- 8 -

Table of Contents 

EAGLE BANCORP MONTANA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

of the capital stock of Opportunity Bank of Montana OBMT or the Bank ), formerly American Federal Savings Bank AFSB ). The Bank was founded in 1922 as a Montana chartered building and loan association and has conducted operations and maintained its administrative office in Helena, Montana since that time. In 1975, the Bank adopted a federal thrift charter and in October 2014 converted to a Montana chartered commercial bank and became a member bank in the Federal Reserve System. Eagle Bancorp Statutory Trust I (the Trust was established in September 2005 and is owned by Eagle. In September 2021, the Company entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger ("Merger Agreement") with First Community Bancorp, Inc. ("FCB"), a Montana corporation, and FCB's wholly-owned subsidiary, First Community Bank, a Montana chartered commercial bank. The Merger Agreement provided that, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Merger Agreement, FCB would merge with and into Eagle, with Eagle continuing as the surviving corporation. The merger closed on April 30, 2022. First Community Bank operated nine branches in Ashland, Culbertson, Froid, Glasgow, Helena, Hinsdale, Three Forks and Wolf Point, Montana. In March 2021, The Bank established a subsidiary, Opportunity Housing Fund, LLC OHF ), to invest in Low-Income Housing Tax Credit LIHTC projects. The LIHTC program is designed to encourage capital investment in construction and rehabilitation of low-income housing. Tax credits are allowable over a 10 -year period. On January 1, 2020, the Company acquired Western Holding Company of Wolf Point WHC ), a Montana corporation, and WHC s wholly-owned subsidiary, Western Bank of Wolf Point ("WB"), a Montana chartered commercial bank. The acquisition included one branch in Wolf Point, Montana. In addition, Western Financial Services, Inc. ("WFS") was acquired through the WHC merger. WFS facilitates deferred payment contracts for customers that produce agricultural products. The Bank is headquartered in Helena, Montana, and has additional branches in Ashland, Big Timber, Billings, Bozeman, Butte, Choteau, Culbertson, Denton, Dutton, Froid, Glasgow, Great Falls, Hamilton, Hinsdale, Livingston, Missoula, Sheridan, Three Forks, Townsend, Twin Bridges, Winifred and Wolf Point, Montana. The Bank s principal business is accepting deposits and, together with funds generated from operations and borrowings, investing in various types of loans and securities. 

Principles of Consolidation 
 
 The consolidated financial statements include Eagle, the Bank, the Trust, WFS and OHF. All significant intercompany transactions and balances have been eliminated in consolidation. 

per share par value), which approximates its fair value. As a member of the FHLB system, the Company is required to maintain a minimum level of investment in FHLB stock based on total assets and a specific percentage of its outstanding FHLB advances. The Company had and FHLB shares at December 31, 2022 and 2021 , respectively. Dividends are paid quarterly and are subject to FHLB board approval. Management evaluates FHLB stock for impairment as needed. 
 per share, banks pay only per share at the time of purchase, with the understanding that the other half of the subscription amount is subject to call at any time. As a member of the Federal Reserve System, the Company is required to maintain a minimum level of investment in FRB stock based on a specific percentage of its capital and surplus. The Company had and FRB shares at December 31, 2022 and 2021 , respectively. Dividends are received semi-annually at a fixed rate of on the total number of shares. 

Nonaccrual and Past Due Loans Loans are considered past due if the required principal and interest payments have not been received as of the date such payments were due. Loans are placed on nonaccrual status when, in management's opinion, the borrower may be unable to meet payment obligations as they become due, as well as when required by regulatory provisions. In determining whether or not a borrower may be unable to meet payment obligations for each class of loans, the Bank considers the borrower's debt service capacity through the analysis of current financial information, if available, and/or current information with regards to the Bank's collateral position. Regulatory provisions would typically require the placement of a loan on nonaccrual status if (i) principal or interest has been in default for a period of 90 days or more unless the loan is both well secured and in the process of collection or (ii) full payment of principal and interest is not expected. Loans may be placed on nonaccrual status regardless of whether or not such loans are considered past due. When interest accrual is discontinued, all unpaid accrued interest is reversed. The interest on these loans is accounted for on the cash-basis or cost-recovery method, until qualifying for return to accrual. Loans are returned to accrual status when all the principal and interest amounts contractually due are brought current and future payments are reasonably assured. A loan is considered impaired when, based on current information and events, it is probable that the Company will be unable to collect the scheduled payments of principal or interest when due according to the contractual terms of the loan agreement. Factors considered by management in determining impairment include payment status, collateral value, and the probability of collecting scheduled principal and interest payments when due. Loans that experience insignificant payment delays and payment shortfalls generally are not classified as impaired. Impairment is measured on a loan by loan basis for commercial, agricultural and construction loans by either the present value of expected future cash flows discounted at the loan's effective interest rate, the loan's obtainable market price, or the fair value of the collateral if the loan is collateral dependent. Large groups of smaller balance homogeneous loans are collectively evaluated for impairment. Residential 1 - 4 Family Loans The Bank originates 1 - 4 family residential mortgage loans collateralized by owner-occupied and non-owner-occupied real estate. Repayment of these loans may be subject to adverse conditions in the real estate market or the economy to a greater extent than other types of loans. Loans collateralized by 1 - 4 family residential real estate generally have been originated in amounts up to of appraised values before requiring private mortgage insurance. The underwriting analysis includes credit verification, appraisals and a review of the financial condition of the borrower. The Company will either hold these loans in its portfolio or sell them on the secondary market, depending upon market conditions and the type and term of the loan originations. Generally, all 30 -year fixed rate loans are sold in the secondary market. Commercial Real Estate Loans The Bank makes commercial real estate loans, land loans (both developed and undeveloped) and loans on multi-family dwellings. Commercial real estate loans are collateralized by owner-occupied and non-owner-occupied real estate. Payments on loans secured by such properties are often dependent on the successful operation or management of the properties. Accordingly, repayment of these loans may be subject to adverse conditions in the real estate market or the economy to a greater extent than other types of loans. When underwriting these loans, the Bank seeks to minimize these risks in a variety of ways, including giving careful consideration to the property s operating history, future operating projections, current and projected occupancy, location and physical condition. The underwriting analysis also includes credit verification, analysis of global cash flow, appraisals and a review of the financial condition of the borrower. Construction Loans The Bank makes loans to finance the construction of residential properties. The majority of the Bank s residential construction loans are made to individual homeowners for the construction of their primary residence and, to a lesser extent, to local builders for the construction of pre-sold houses or houses that are being built for sale in the future. The Bank also originates commercial construction and development loans. Construction loans involve additional risks attributable to the fact that loan funds are advanced upon the security of a project under construction, and the project is of uncertain value prior to its completion. Because of uncertainties inherent in estimating construction costs, the market value of the completed project and the effects of governmental regulation on real property, it can be difficult to accurately evaluate the total funds required to complete a project and the related loan to value ratio. As a result of these uncertainties, construction lending often involves the disbursement of substantial funds with repayment dependent, in part, on the success of the ultimate project rather than the ability of a borrower or guarantor to repay the loan. If the Company is forced to foreclose on a project prior to completion, there is no assurance that the Company will be able to recover the entire unpaid portion of the loan. In addition, the Company may be required to fund additional amounts to complete a project and may have to hold the property for an indeterminable period of time. While the Bank has underwriting procedures designed to identify what it believes to be acceptable levels of risks in construction lending, no assurance can be given that these procedures will prevent losses from the risks described above. Agricultural Loans The Bank makes agricultural operating loans as well as long term agricultural real estate loans. Agricultural operating loans are generally secured with equipment, cattle, crops or other non-real property and at times the underlying real property. Agricultural real estate loans are secured with farm and ranch real estate. Payments on both types of agricultural loans are dependent on successful operation of the farm and/or ranch. Repayment is also affected by agricultural conditions that may include adverse weather conditions such as, drought, hail, flooding and severe winters. Also impacting the borrower s ability to repay are commodity prices associated with the agricultural operation. When underwriting these loans, the Bank seeks to minimize these risks in a variety of ways, including giving careful consideration to the farm or ranch s operating history, future operating projections, current and projected commodity prices and crop insurance. The underwriting analysis also includes credit verification, analysis of global cash flow, appraisals and a review of the financial condition of the borrower. Home Equity Loans The Bank originates home equity loans that are secured by the borrowers primary residence. These loans are typically subject to a prior lien, which may or may not be held by the Bank. Although these loans are secured by real estate, they carry a greater risk than first lien 1 - 4 family residential mortgages because of the existence of a prior lien on the property as well as the flexibility the borrower has with respect to the proceeds. The Bank attempts to minimize this risk by maintaining conservative underwriting policies on these types of loans. Generally, home equity loans are made for up to of the appraised value of the underlying real estate collateral, less the amount of any existing prior liens on the property securing the loan. Consumer Loans Consumer loans made by the Bank include automobile loans, recreational vehicle loans, boat loans, personal loans, credit lines, loans secured by deposit accounts and other personal loans. Risk is minimized due to relatively small loan amounts that are spread across many individual borrowers. Commercial Loans A broad array of commercial lending products are made available to businesses for working capital (including inventory and accounts receivable), purchases of equipment and machinery and business. Bank s commercial loans are underwritten on the basis of the borrower s ability to service such debt as reflected by cash flow projections. Commercial loans are generally collateralized by business assets, accounts receivable and inventory, certificates of deposit, securities, guarantees or other collateral. The Bank also generally obtains personal guarantees from the principals of the business. Working capital loans are primarily collateralized by short-term assets, whereas term loans are primarily collateralized by long-term assets. As a result, commercial loans involve additional complexities, variables and risks and require more thorough underwriting and servicing than other types of loans. Payroll Protection Program ("PPP") loans typically have a 24 -month term, are unsecured and are fully guaranteed by the Small Business Administration ("SBA"). Borrowers may apply for forgiveness from the SBA and upon approval the loan will be paid off. 

The allowance for loan losses is evaluated on a regular basis by management and is based upon management's periodic review of the collectability of the loans in light of historical experience, the nature and volume of the loan portfolio, adverse situations that may affect the borrower's ability to repay, estimated value of any underlying collateral and prevailing economic conditions. This evaluation is inherently subjective as it requires estimates that are susceptible to significant revisions as more information becomes available. The allowance consists of specific and general components. For such loans that are classified as impaired, a specific allowance is established when the discounted cash flows (or collateral value or observable market price) of the impaired loan is lower than the carrying value of that loan. The general component covers loans not classified as impaired and is based on historical loss experience adjusted for qualitative factors, as well as uncertainties that could affect management's estimate of probable losses. 

Premises and Equipment Land is carried at cost. Property and equipment are recorded at cost less accumulated depreciation. Depreciation is computed using the straight-line method over the expected useful lives of the assets, ranging from to years. The costs of maintenance and repairs are expensed as incurred, while major expenditures for renewals and betterments are capitalized. The Company leases certain premises from third parties under various operating lease agreements. Operating leases are included in premises and equipment, net and other liabilities on the consolidated statements of financial position. Lease expense for lease payments is recognized on a straight-line basis over the life of the lease. Right-of-use assets and corresponding lease liabilities are recognized at lease commencement date based on the present value of lease payments over the lease term. If an implicit rate is not available in the lease, the Company uses an incremental borrowing rate to determine the present value of lease payments. Lease and non-lease components are accounted for separately. Leases with a lease term of 12 months or less are not recorded on the consolidated statements of financial condition. 

and at December 31, 2022 and 2021 , respectively. 

and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 , respectively. Interchange and ATM Fees Revenue from debit card fees includes interchange fee income from debit cards processed through card association networks. Interchange fees represent a portion of a transaction amount that the Company and other involved parties retain to compensate themselves for giving the cardholder immediate access to funds. Interchange rates are generally set by the card association networks and are based on purchase volumes and other factors. The Company records interchange fees as services are provided. Interchange and ATM fees were and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 , respectively. Commodity Sales Income The Company's subsidiary, WFS, processes deferred payment contracts between suppliers and customers of agricultural commodities. The revenue from these contracts is accounted for in accordance with ASC Topic 606. The Company is considered an agent in these contracts, as: (i) the Company facilitates payment from customer to supplier, (ii) the Company does not take inventory of commodities as they are delivered by supplier to the customer, (iii) pricing of commodities is determined by the market, (iv) consideration on deferred payment contracts is insignificant to the Company and (v) the Company s exposure to credit risk is minimal. Revenue is recognized net of expenses and reported in other noninterest income in the financial statements. Commodity sales income and the corresponding commodity sales expense were and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 , respectively, for a net impact of . 

and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 , respectively. 

. Goodwill related to acquisitions prior to 2022 totaled . Other identifiable intangible assets recorded by the Company represent the future benefit associated with the acquisition of the core deposits. Core deposit intangible assets are being amortized over years utilizing methods that approximate the expected attrition of the deposits. The amortization expense is included in the noninterest expense section of the consolidated statements of income. 

and included cash consideration of and common stock issued of . 
 
 This transaction was accounted for under the acquisition method of accounting. 
 
 All of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed were recognized at their acquisition-date fair value, while transaction costs and restructuring costs associated with the business combination were expensed as incurred. Determining the fair value of assets and liabilities is a complicated process involving significant judgment regarding methods and assumptions used to calculate estimated fair values. The excess of the acquisition consideration over the fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed, if any, is allocated to goodwill. The goodwill recorded is not deductible for federal income tax purposes. 

The following table summarizes the fair values of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed, consideration paid and the resulting goodwill. 

Securities available-for-sale 
 Loans receivable 
 Premises and equipment 
 Cash surrender value of life insurance 
 Core deposit intangible 
 Other assets 
 Total assets acquired 
 
 Liabilities assumed: 
 Deposits 
 Accrued expenses and other liabilities 
 Other borrowings 
 Total liabilities assumed 
 
 Net assets acquired 
 
 Consideration paid: 
 Cash 
 Common stock issued 1,396,596 shares) 
 Total consideration paid 
 
 Goodwill resulting from acquisition 

FCB investments were written down an additional to fair value on the date of acquisition based on market prices obtained from an independent third -party. 
 
 For acquisitions, the fair value analysis of the loan portfolios resulted in a valuation adjustment for each loan based on an amortization schedule of expected cash flow. Individual amortization schedules were used for each loan over a certain amount and those with specifically identified loss exposure. The remainder of the loans were grouped by type and risk rating into loan pools (based on loans type, fixed or variable interest rate, revolving or term payments and risk rating). Yield inputs for the amortization schedules included contractual interest rates, estimated prepayment speeds, liquidity adjustments and market yields. Credit inputs for the amortization schedules included probability of payment default, loss given default rates and individually identified loss exposure. 
 
 The total accretable discount on FCB acquired loans was as of April 30, 2022. During the period from April 30, 2022 to December 31, 2022, accretion of the loan discount totaled . T he remaining accretable loan discount was as of December 31, 2022. Three impaired loans were acquired through the FCB acquisition with insignificant balances as of April 30, 2022. 

Fair value adjustments recorded for FCB related to premises and equipment were insignificant overall. The Company used independent third -party appraisals in the determination of the fair value of acquired assets. 
 
 Core deposit intangible assets of were recorded for FCB and are being amortized using an accelerated method over the estimated useful lives of the related deposits of years from the date of acquisition. For acquisitions, the core deposit intangible value is a function of the difference between the cost of the acquired core deposits and the alternative cost of funds. These cash flow streams were discounted to present value. The fair value of other deposit accounts acquired were valued by estimating future cash flows to be received or paid from individual or homogenous groups of assets and liabilities and then discounting those cash flows to a present value using rates of return that were available in financial markets for similar financial instruments on or near the acquisition date. 
 
 Direct costs related to the acquisitions were expensed as incurred. The Company recorded acquisition costs related to FCB of d uring the year ended December 31, 2022. Acquisition costs included professional fees and data processing expenses incurred related to the acquisitions. 
 
 Operations of acquired entities have been included in the consolidated financial statements since date of acquisition. The Company does not consider them as separate reporting segments and does not track the amount of revenues and net income attributable since acquisition. As such, it is impracticable to determine such amounts for the period from acquisition through December 31, 2022 . 
 
 The accompanying consolidated statements of income include the results of operations of FCB since the April 30, 2022 acquisition date. The following table presents unaudited pro forma results of operations for the year ended December 31, 2022 as if the acquisition had occurred on January 1, 2022. This pro forma information gives the effect to certain adjustments, including purchase accounting fair value adjustments and amortization of the core deposit intangible asset. The pro forma information does not necessarily reflect the results of operations that would have occurred had the Company purchased and assumed the assets and liabilities of FCB on January 1, 2022. Cost savings are also not reflected in the unaudited pro forma amounts for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Noninterest income 
 Noninterest expense 
 Income before income taxes 
 Income tax provision 
 Net income 
 
 Pro forma earnings per common share (1) 
 Basic earnings per common share 
 Diluted earnings per common share 
 
 Weighted average shares outstanding, basic 
 Weighted average shares outstanding, diluted 

1 Significant assumptions utilized include the acquisition costs noted above and a effective tax rate. 

U.S. treasury obligations 
 Municipal obligations 
 Corporate obligations 
 Mortgage-backed securities 
 Collateralized mortgage obligations 
 Asset-backed securities 
 Total 

U.S. treasury obligations 
 Municipal obligations 
 Corporate obligations 
 Mortgage-backed securities 
 Collateralized mortgage obligations 
 Asset-backed securities 
 Total 

Proceeds from sales of available-for-sale securities and the associated gross realized gains and losses were as follows: 

Gross realized gain on sale of available-for-sale securities 
 Gross realized loss on sale of available-for-sale securities 
 Net realized gain on sale of available-for-sale securities 

The amortized cost and fair value of securities by contractual maturity are shown below. Expected maturities will differ from contractual maturities because borrowers may have the right to call or prepay obligations with or without call or prepayment penalties. 

Due from one to five years 
 Due from five to ten years 
 Due after ten years 

Mortgage-backed securities 
 Collateralized mortgage obligations 
 Total 

At December 31, 2022 and 2021 , securities with a fair value of and , respectively, were pledged to secure public deposits and for other purposes required or permitted by law. 

The Company s investment securities that have been in a continuous unrealized loss position for less than 12 months and those that have been in a continuous unrealized loss position for 12 or more months were as follows: 

U.S. treasury obligations 
 Municipal obligations 
 Corporate obligations 
 Mortgage-backed securities and collateralized mortgage obligations 
 Asset-backed securities 
 Total 

U.S. treasury obligations 
 Municipal obligations 
 Corporate obligations 
 Mortgage-backed securities and collateralized mortgage obligations 
 Asset-backed securities 
 Total 

Unrealized losses associated with investments are believed to be caused by changes in market interest rates or the widening of market spreads subsequent to the initial purchase of the securities and not due to concerns regarding the underlying credit of the issuers or the underlying collateral. The Company does not intend to sell the securities, and it is not likely to be required to sell these securities prior to maturity. Based on the Company s evaluation of these securities, other-than-temporary impairment was recorded for the year ended December 31, 2022 , or 2021. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were, respectively, and securities in unrealized loss positions that were considered to be temporarily impaired and therefore an impairment charge has not been recorded. 

Commercial real estate 
 
 Other loans: 
 Home equity 
 Consumer 
 Commercial 
 
 Total 
 
 Deferred loan fees, net 
 Allowance for loan losses 
 Total loans, net 

Included in the above are loans guaranteed by U.S. government agencies totaling and at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 , respectively. 

Allowance for loan losses activity was as follows: 

Charge-offs 
 Recoveries 
 Provision 
 Balance, December 31, 2022 
 
 Balance, December 31, 2022 allocated to loans individually evaluated for impairment 
 
 Balance, December 31, 2022 allocated to loans collectively evaluated for impairment 
 
 Loans receivable: 
 Balance, December 31, 2022 
 
 Balance, December 31, 2022 of loans individually evaluated for impairment 
 
 Balance, December 31, 2022 of loans collectively evaluated for impairment 

Charge-offs 
 Recoveries 
 Provision 
 Balance, December 31, 2021 
 
 Balance, December 31, 2021 allocated to loans individually evaluated for impairment 
 
 Balance, December 31, 2021 allocated to loans collectively evaluated for impairment 
 
 Loans receivable: 
 Balance, December 31, 2021 
 
 Balance, December 31, 2021 of loans individually evaluated for impairment 
 
 Balance, December 31, 2021 of loans collectively evaluated for impairment 

The Company utilizes an 8 -point internal loan rating system, largely based on regulatory classifications, as follows: 
 
 Loans R ated Pass these are loans in categories 1 5 that are considered to be protected by the current net worth and paying capacity of the obligor, or by the value of the asset or the underlying collateral. 
 
 Loans R ated Special Mention these loans in category 6 have potential weaknesses and are watched closely by management. If left uncorrected, these potential weaknesses may result in deterioration of the repayment prospects for the asset at some future date. 
 
 Loans R ated Substandard these loans in category 7 are inadequately protected by the current net worth and paying capacity of the obligor or the collateral pledged, if any. Loans so classified have a well-defined weakness or weaknesses. They are characterized by the distinct possibility that the Company will sustain some loss if the deficiencies are not corrected. 
 
 Loans R ated Doubtful these loans in category 8 have all the weaknesses inherent in those classified Substandard with the added characteristic that the weaknesses make collection or liquidation in full, on the basis of currently existing facts, conditions, and values, highly questionable and improbable. 
 
 Loans R ated Loss these loans are considered uncollectible and are not part of the 8 -point rating system. They are of such small value that their continuance as assets without establishment of a specific reserve is not warranted. This classification does not mean that an asset has absolutely no recovery or salvage value, but, rather, that it is not practical or desirable to defer writing off a basically worthless asset even though practical recovery may be affected in the future. 

Internal classification of the loan portfolio was as follows: 

Residential 1-4 family construction 
 Commercial real estate 
 Commercial construction and development 
 Farmland 
 Other loans: 
 Home equity 
 Consumer 
 Commercial 
 Agricultural 
 Total 

Residential 1-4 family construction 
 Commercial real estate 
 Commercial construction and development 
 Farmland 
 Other loans: 
 Home equity 
 Consumer 
 Commercial 
 Agricultural 
 Total 

The following tables include information regarding delinquencies within the loan portfolio. 

Residential 1-4 family construction 
 Commercial real estate 
 Commercial construction and development 
 Farmland 
 Other loans: 
 Home equity 
 Consumer 
 Commercial 
 Agricultural 
 Total 

Residential 1-4 family construction 
 Commercial real estate 
 Commercial construction and development 
 Farmland 
 Other loans: 
 Home equity 
 Consumer 
 Commercial 
 Agricultural 
 Total 

The following tables include information regarding impaired loans. 

Residential 1-4 family construction 
 Commercial real estate 
 Commercial construction and development 
 Farmland 
 Other loans: 
 Home equity 
 Consumer 
 Commercial 
 Agricultural 
 Total 

Residential 1-4 family construction 
 Commercial real estate 
 Commercial construction and development 
 Farmland 
 Other loans: 
 Home equity 
 Consumer 
 Commercial 
 Agricultural 
 Total 

Interest income recognized on impaired loans for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 is considered insignificant. Interest payments received on a cash basis related to impaired loans were and at December 31, 2022 and 2021 , respectively. 

As of December 31, 2022 and 2021 , TDR loans totaled and , respectively. 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022 , there were eight new TDR loans. Four of the eight loans were commercial real estate loans and the recorded investments at time of restructure were , , and . charge-offs were incurred and the loans are on accrual status. Two of the loans were commercial loans and the recorded investments at time of restructure were and . charge-offs were incurred and the loans are on accrual status. The remaining loans were agricultural loans and the recorded investments at time of restructure were and . charge-offs were incurred and the loans are on nonaccrual status. 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2021 , there were four new TDR loans. Three of the four loans were farmland loans, and the recorded investments at time of restructure were , and . The fourth loan was a commercial real estate loan, and the recorded investment at the time of restructure was . The commercial real estate loan was paid off during the year ended December 31, 2021 . At December 31, 2021, the recorded investments for the remaining farmland loans were , and , respectively. charge-offs were incurred for the remaining loans and they continue to be on nonaccrual status. The recorded investments for the farmland loans at December 31, 2022 were , and , respectively. 
 
 There were two farmland loans modified as TDRs that defaulted during the year ended December 31, 2022 where the default occurred within 12 months of restructuring. However, subsequent payments were made and the loans are no longer in default as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022 , the Company had commitments to lend additional funds to loan customers whose terms had been modified in troubled debt restructures. 
 
 Loans are granted to directors and officers of the Company in the ordinary course of business on substantially the same terms as those prevailing at the time for comparable transactions with other persons. 
 
 Loans receivable (including loans sold and serviced for others) from related parties, including directors and executive officers were as follows: 

Principal additions 
 Principal payments 
 Balance, December 31, 2021 
 Principal additions 
 Principal payments 
 Balance, December 31, 2022 

and at December 31, 2022 and 2021 , respectively. Servicing loans for others generally consists of collecting mortgage payments, maintaining escrow accounts, disbursing payments to investors and foreclosure processing. Mortgage loan servicing fees were and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 , respectively. These fees, net of amortization, are included in mortgage banking, net which is a component of noninterest income on the consolidated statements of income. 
 
 Custodial balances maintained in connection with the foregoing loan servicing are included in noninterest checking deposits and were an d at December 31, 2022 and 2021 , respectively. 
 
 The following table is a summary of activity in mortgage servicing rights: 

Mortgage servicing rights capitalized 
 Amortization of mortgage servicing rights 
 Ending balance 
 Valuation allowance: 
 Beginning balance 
 Recovery (impairment) of mortgage servicing rights 
 Ending balance 
 Mortgage servicing rights, net 

Recovery of servicing rights is included in other noninterest expense on the consolidated statements of income. 

The fair values of these rights were an d at December 31, 2022 and 2021 , respectively. The fair value of servicing rights was determined at loan level, depending on the interest rate and term of the specific loan, using the following valuation assumptions: 

Prepayment speed range - - 
 Weighted average prepayment speed 

Buildings and improvements 
 Furniture and equipment 
 Construction in progress 
 
 Accumulated depreciation 
 Premises and equipment, net, excluding right-of-use assets 
 Right-of-use assets 
 Premises and equipment, net 

Depreciation expense was a nd for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 , respectively. 
 
 The Company leases four full-service branch locations, and two administrative office locations under various operating lease agreements. Leases with a lease term of 12 months at commencement are not recorded on the statements of financial position. The Company s leases have maturities ranging from 2023 to 2028, some of which include lessee options to extend the leases for up to years. 

The following table summarizes the Company s leases: 

Lease liabilities 
 Weighted average remaining lease term (years) 
 Weighted average discount rate 

The components of lease cost, which were included in occupancy and equipment expense on the consolidated statements of income, were as follows: 

Short-term lease cost 
 Total lease cost 

The following table presents the maturities of lease liabilities at December 31, 2022 for future periods: 

2024 
 2025 
 2026 
 2027 
 Thereafter 
 Total lease payments 
 Less imputed interest 
 Present value of lease liabilities 

The Company also leases office space to third parties through operating leases. The rent income from these leases for the years ending December 31, 2022 and 2021 was not significant. 

Accumulated amortization 
 Core deposit intangible, net 

Core deposit intangible assets are amortized on an accelerated basis over their estimated life of years. Amortization expense related to intangible asse ts was an d for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 . The estimated aggregate future amortization expense for core deposit intangible assets remaining as of December 31, 2022 was as follows: 

2024 
 2025 
 2026 
 2027 
 Thereafter 
 Total 

Interest-bearing checking 
 Savings 
 Money market 
 Time certificates of deposits 
 Total 

Time certificates of deposits include and related to fixed rate brokered certificates through the Certificate of Deposit Account Registry Services ("CDARS") at December 31, 2022 and 2021 , respectively. 
 
 At December 31, 2022 and 2021 , the Company hel d and , respectively, in deposit accounts that met or exceeded the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation FDIC requirements of 250,000 and greater. 
 
 Time certificates of deposits with balances of 250,000 and greater were and at December 31, 2022 and 2021 , respectively. 

At December 31, 2022 , the scheduled maturities of time deposits were as follows: 

2024 
 2025 
 2026 
 2027 
 Thereafter 
 Total 

Interest expense on deposits was as follows: 

Savings 
 Money market 
 Time certificates of deposits 
 Total 

At December 31, 2022 and 2021 , the Company reclassified and , respectively, in overdrawn deposits as loans. 
 
 Related party deposits, including directors and executive officers deposit accounts at December 31, 2022 and 2021 were and , respectively. 

2024 
 2025 
 2026 
 2027 
 Thereafter 
 Total 

Federal Home Loan Bank Advances 
 
 FHLB advances include both fixed and amortizing advan ces. Fixed advances are due at maturity. Advances are subject to prepayment penalties. Interest rates on these advances are fixed. Advances are collateralized by a blanket pledge of the Bank s loan portfolio. The Company s investment in FHLB stock is also pledged as collateral on these advances. The total FHLB funding available to the Company at December 31, 2022 , was of total Bank assets as determined by FHLB, or approximately . The balance of advances was and at December 31, 2022 and 2021 , respectively. The Bank also has a contingent letter of credit with FHLB for at both December 31, 2022 and 2021 . 
 
 Other Borrowings 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2021, Eagle established a line of credit with Bell Bank. The balance of this line of credit w as at both December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 
 Federal Funds Purchased 
 
 At December 31, 2022 , the Bank ha d i n Federal funds lines of credit with unaffiliated institutions, including Pacific Coast Bankers Bank ("PCBB"), PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. ("PNC"), United Bankers' Bank ("UBB") and Texas Independent Bank ("TIB"). The balance of these l ines of credit was at both December 31, 2022 and 2021 . 
 
 The Bank had a Federal funds line of credit with Zions Bank, which terminated during the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 
 All Borrowings Outstanding 
 
 For all borrowings outstanding the weighted average interest rate for advances at December 31, 2022 and 2021 was and , respectively. The average amount outstanding was and for 2022 and 2021 , respectively. The maximum amount outstanding at any month-end was and for 2022 and 2021 , respectively. 

Subordinated debentures fixed at 5.50 to floating, due 2030 
 Subordinated debentures fixed at 3.50 to floating, due 2032 - 
 Subordinated debentures variable at 3-Month Libor plus 1.42 , due 2035 
 Total other long-term debt 

In January 2022, the Company completed the issuance of in aggregate principal amount of subordinated notes due in 2032 in a private placement transaction to certain institutional accredited investors and qualified buyers. The notes bear interest at an annual fixed rate of payable semi-annually. Starting February 1, 2027, interest will accrue at a floating rate per annum equal to a benchmark rate, which is expected to be three -month term SOFR plus a spread of basis points, payable quarterly. The notes are subject to redemption at the option of the Company on or after February 1, 2027. The subordinated debentures qualify as Tier 2 capital for regulatory capital purposes. A portion of the net proceeds were used to redeem the senior notes due in February 2022. 
 
 In June 2020, the Company completed the issuance of in aggregate principal amount of subordinated notes due in 2030 in a private placement transaction to certain qualified institutional accredited investors. The notes bear interest at an annual fixed rate of payable semi-annually. Starting July 1, 2025, interest will accrue at a floating rate per annum equal to a benchmark rate, which is expected to be three -month term Secured Overnight Financing Rate ("SOFR") plus a spread of basis points, payable quarterly. The notes are subject to redemption at the option of the Company on or after July 1, 2025. The subordinated debentures qualify as Tier 2 capital for regulatory capital purposes. 
 
 In February 2017, the Company completed the issuance, through a private placement, of aggregate principal amount of 5.75 fixed senior unsecured notes due in 2022. The interest was paid semi-annually through maturity date. The notes were not subject to redemption at the option of the Company. The notes were redeemed on February 15, 2022. 
 
 In September 2005, the Company completed the private placement of in subordinated debentures to the Trust. The Trust funded the purchase of the subordinated debentures through the sale of trust preferred securities to First Tennessee Bank, N.A. with a liquidation value of . Using interest payments made by the Company on the debentures, the Trust began paying quarterly dividends to preferred security holders on December 15, 2005. The annual percentage rate of the interest payable on the subordinated debentures and distributions payable on the preferred securities was fixed at 6.02 until December 2010 then became variable at 3 -Month LIBOR plus 1.42 , making the rate and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 , respectively. Dividends on the preferred securities are cumulative and the Trust may defer the payments for up to five years. The preferred securities mature in December 2035 unless the Company elects and obtains regulatory approval to accelerate the maturity date. The subordinated debentures qualify as Tier 1 capital for regulatory capital purposes. 
 
 For 2022 and 2021 , interest expense on all other long- term debt was and , respectively, which includes and in amortization for debt issuance costs, respectively. Debt issuance costs consisting primarily of underwriting discounts and professional fees were capitalized and are being amortized through maturity to interest expense using the straight-line method. 

to months. 
 
 Commitments are summarized as follows: 

Letters of credit 

Employment Contracts 
 
 The Company has entered into change of control agreements with its executive officers other than the Chief Executive Officer. The change in control agreements provide a double trigger benefit equal to the sum of the executive s annual salary and incentive bonus for the most recently completed year. The benefits are payable in the event that four months prior to, in connection with or within 18 months after a change in control the executive s employment is terminated without cause or if the executive resigns for good reason. The change in control agreements are for two years, renewing automatically for successive one -year periods unless Eagle or the executive provide written notice of nonrenewal 60 days before the contract anniversary date. If the officer timely and properly elects health continuation coverage under the Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1985 ("COBRA"), the Bank will pay the Executive's monthly COBRA premium paid for himself/herself and his/her dependents for all applicable group health plan benefits until the earliest of (i) the expiration of twelve months of coverage, (ii) the date the executive is no longer eligible to receive COBRA continuation coverage, and (iii) the date on which the executive receives or becomes eligible to receive substantially similar coverage from another employer or source. 
 
 Legal Proceedings 
 
 Various legal claims also arise from time to time in the normal course of business which, in the opinion of management, will have no material effect on the Company s financial statements. 

Montana 
 Total current income tax provision 
 Deferred 
 U.S. federal 
 Montana 
 Total deferred income tax provision 
 Total income tax provision 

The nature and components of deferred tax assets and liabilities were as follows: 

Deferred loan fees 
 Lease liability 
 Deferred compensation 
 Employee benefits 
 Unrealized losses on securities available-for-sale 
 Acquisition costs 
 Acquisition fair value adjustments 
 Other 
 Total deferred tax assets 
 Deferred tax liabilities: 
 Premises and equipment 
 Right-of-use asset 
 FHLB stock 
 Mortgage servicing rights 
 Unrealized gains on securities available-for-sale 
 Goodwill 
 Intangibles 
 Other 
 Total deferred tax liabilities 
 Net deferred tax asset (liability) 

The Company believes, based upon the available evidence, that all deferred tax assets will be realized in the normal course of operations. Accordingly, these assets have not been reduced by a valuation allowance. 

A reconciliation of the Company s effective income tax provision (benefit) to the statutory federal income tax rate was as follows: 

State income taxes 
 Tax-exempt interest income - - 
 Transaction costs 
 Income from bank-owned life insurance - - 
 Other, net 
 Actual tax expense and effective tax rate 

Other comprehensive loss, before reclassifications and income taxes 
 Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive loss, before income taxes 
 Income tax benefit 
 Total other comprehensive loss 
 Balance, December 31, 2022 
 
 Balance, January 1, 2021 
 Other comprehensive loss, before reclassifications and income taxes 
 Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income, before income taxes 
 Income tax benefit 
 Total other comprehensive loss 
 Balance, December 31, 2021 

Dilutive effect of stock compensation 
 Diluted weighted average shares outstanding 
 
 Net income available to common shareholders 
 
 Basic earnings per common share 
 
 Diluted earnings per common share 

There were an insignificant number of weighted average shares outstanding that were not included in the computation of diluted earnings per common share because the effect would be anti-dilutive for the year ended December 31, 2022 . There were anti-dilutive shares at December 31, 2021 . 

, and including the conservation buffer, a common equity Tier 1 capital to risk-based assets ratio of 7.0 , a Tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets ratio of 8.5 and a total capital to risk-weighted assets ratio of 10.5 . 

Management believes that, as of December 31, 2022 

 , the Company and the Bank meet all capital adequacy requirements. 
 
 As of

 December 31, 2022 , the most recent notification from the FRB categorized the Bank as well capitalized under the regulatory framework for prompt corrective action. There are no conditions or events since the notification that management believes have changed the Banks s category. The Company's and the Bank s actual capital amounts and ratios as of December 31, 2022 are presented in the table below and all of the ratios, with the exception of the Tier 1 capital to adjusted total average assets ratio, include the capital conservation buffer of 2.50 : 
 
 N/A N/A 
 Bank 
 
 Tier 1 capital to risk weighted assets 
 Consolidated N/A N/A 
 Bank 
 
 Common equity Tier 1 capital to risk weighted assets 
 Consolidated N/A N/A 
 Bank 
 
 Tier 1 capital to adjusted total average assets 
 Consolidated N/A N/A 
 Bank 

The Company's and the Bank s actual capital amounts and ratios as of December 31, 2021 are presented in the table below and all of the ratios, with the exception of the Tier 1 capital to adjusted total average assets ratio, include the capital conservation buffer of 2.50 . 
 
 N/A N/A 
 Bank 
 
 Tier 1 capital to risk weighted assets 
 Consolidated N/A N/A 
 Bank 
 
 Common equity Tier 1 capital to risk weighted assets 
 Consolidated N/A N/A 
 Bank 
 
 Tier 1 capital to adjusted total average assets 
 Consolidated N/A N/A 
 Bank 

Dividend Limitations 
 
 Under State of Montana banking regulation, member banks such as the Bank generally may declare annual cash dividends up to an amount equal to the previous two years net earnings. Dividends in excess of such amount require approval of the Division of Banking. The Bank paid dividends of and during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 , respectively, to Eagle. Eagle paid divide nds of and per share to its shareholders during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 , respectively. 
 
 Tender Offer 
 
 The Company completed a modified "Dutch auction" tender offer (the "Tender Offer") in June 2021. The Company accepted for purchase shares of its common stock at a price of per share. The aggregate purchase price for the shares purchased in the Tender Offer was approximately , including fees and expenses related to the Tender Offer. Therefore, the total price including fees and expenses was per share. 
 
 Stock Repurchase Program 
 
 On April 21, 2022, Eagle's Board of Directors (the "Board") authorized the repurchase of up to shares of its common stock. Under the plan, shares may be purchased by the Company on the open market or in privately negotiated transactions. The extent to which the company repurchases its shares and the timing of such repurchase will depend upon market conditions and other corporate considerations. There are shares available to be repurchased under this plan as of December 31, 2022 . The plan expires on April 21, 2023. 
 
 On July 22, 2021, the Board authorized the repurchase of up to shares of its common stock. Under the plan, shares could be purchased by the Company on the open market or in privately negotiated transactions. The extent to which the company repurchased its shares and the timing of such repurchase depended upon market conditions and other corporate considerations. shares were purchased during the year ended December 31, 2021 under this plan. The Company repurchased the total authorized amount of shares during the first quarter of 2022. The plan expired on July 22, 2022. 
 
 On July 23, 2020, the Board authorized the repurchase of up to shares of its common stock. Under the plan, shares could be purchased by the Company on the open market or in privately negotiated transactions. The extent to which the company repurchased its shares and the timing of such repurchase depended upon market conditions and other corporate considerations. shares were purchased during the year ended December 31, 2021 under this plan. The plan expired on July 23, 2021. 

Liquidation Rights 
 
 Eagle Bancorp Montana, Inc. holds a liquidation account for the benefit of certain depositors of the Bank who remain depositors of the Bank at the time of liquidation. The liquidation account is designed to provide payments to these depositors of their liquidation interests in the event of a liquidation of Eagle and the Bank, or the Bank alone. In the unlikely event that Eagle and the Bank were to liquidate in the future, all claims of creditors, including those of depositors, would be paid first, followed by distribution to depositors as of November 30, 2008 who continue to be the Bank s depositors) of the liquidation account maintained by Eagle. Also, in a complete liquidation of both entities, or of just the Bank, when Eagle has insufficient assets to fund the liquidation account distribution due to depositors and the Bank has positive net worth, the Bank would immediately pay amounts necessary to fund Eagle s remaining obligations under the liquidation account. If Eagle is completely liquidated or sold apart from a sale or liquidation of the Bank, then the rights of such depositors in the liquidation account maintained by Eagle would be surrendered and treated as a liquidation account in the Bank, the bank liquidation account and these depositors shall have an equivalent interest in the bank liquidation account and the same rights and terms as the liquidation account. 
 
 After two years from the date of the 2010 conversion and upon the written request of the FDIC, Eagle will eliminate or transfer the liquidation account and the interests in such account to the Bank and the liquidation account would become the liquidation account of the Bank and not subject in any manner or amount to Eagle s creditors. Also, under the rules and regulations of the FDIC, no post-conversion merger, consolidation, or similar combination or transaction with another depository institution in which Eagle or the Bank is not the surviving institution would be considered a liquidation and, in such a transaction, the liquidation account would be assumed by the surviving institution. 

and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 , respectively. 
 
 The Company s profit sharing plan includes a 401 (k) feature. At the discretion of the Board, the Company may match up to of participants contributions up to a maximum of of participants salaries. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 , the Company s match totaled and , respectively. 
 
 Deferred Compensation Plans 
 
 The Company has entered into deferred compensation contracts with current key employees. The contracts provide fixed benefits payable in equal annual installments upon retirement. The Company purchased life insurance contracts that may be used to fund the payments. The charge to expense is based on the present value computations of anticipated liabilities. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 , the total expense was and , respectively. The Company recorded a liability for the deferred compensation plan of and at December 31, 2022 and 2021 , respectively, which are included in accrued expenses and other liabilities in the consolidated statements of financial condition. 
 
 Employee Stock Ownership Plan 
 
 The Company established an ESOP in 2000 for eligible employees who meet certain age and service requirements. In April 2010, the ESOP borrowed approximately from Eagle Bancorp Montana, Inc. and used the funds to purchase shares of common stock, at per share. The Bank made annual contributions to the ESOP sufficient to satisfy the debt service requirements of the loan that had a twelve -year term that matured December 31, 2021 and an interest rate. 
 
 The Company sold shares of common stock to the ESOP at a price of per share in June 2021. The shares were purchased from Eagle by the ESOP in exchange for a loan totaling . The loan has a ten -year term and bears interest at . The Bank makes annual contributions to the ESOP sufficient to satisfy the debt service requirements of the loan. The ESOP uses these contributions, and dividends received by the ESOP on unallocated shares, to make principal and interest payments on the loan to the Company. The shares held by the ESOP will be used for allocations to employees of the Company over a ten -year period. 
 
 Shares purchased by the ESOP are held in a suspense account by the plan trustee until allocated to participant accounts. Shares released from the suspense account are allocated to participants on the basis of their relative compensation in the year of allocation. Participants become vested in the allocated shares over a period not to exceed seven years. Any forfeited shares are allocated to other participants in the same proportion as contributions. As shares are committed to be released, the Company reports compensation expense equal to the average daily market prices of the shares. The compensation expense is accrued throughout the year. Dividends on ESOP shares are recorded as a reduction to retained earnings. 

Total ESOP expenses of and were recognized for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 , respectively. 
 
 The following table shows the components of the ESOP shares: 

Unallocated shares 
 Total ESOP shares 
 
 Fair value of unallocated shares (in thousands) 

Stock Incentive Plans 
 
 The Company adopted the stock incentive plan on November 1, 2011. This plan provides for different types of awards including stock options, restricted stock and performance shares. Under this plan, awards of Eagle's common stock may be made to eligible directors, officers and employees. This plan was amended during 2015, 2017, 2020 and 2022 and increased the maximum number of shares of restricted stock for issuance under this plan to . The number of shares of restricted stock available to award under this plan was as of December 31, 2022 . 
 
 The following table shows the activity of the restricted stock awards granted under this plan: 

Awards granted 
 Awards vested 
 Awards forfeited 
 Unvested awards as of December 31, 2021 
 Awards granted 
 Awards vested 
 Awards forfeited 
 Unvested awards as of December 31, 2022 

At December 31, 2022 , the Company has unrecognized expense of approximately for this plan, which it expects to recognize ratably through November 2027 . This plan also includes shares of stock which may be issued for awards of stock options totaling . However, stock options have been awarded under this plan. 
 
 The Company established a nonemployee director award plan effective April 23, 2020. Under this plan, awards of Eagle's common stock may be made to eligible directors. The maximum number of shares of restricted stock for issuance under this plan is . The number of shares of restricted stock available to award under this plan was as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 The following table shows the activity of the restricted stock awards granted under this plan: 

Awards granted 
 Awards vested 
 Awards forfeited 
 Unvested awards as of December 31, 2021 
 Awards granted 
 Awards vested 
 Awards forfeited 
 Unvested awards as of December 31, 2022 

At December 31, 2022 , the Company has unrecognized expense of approximately for this plan, which it expects to recognize ratably through November 2023 . 
 
 The Company recognized total compensation expense of and for these plans during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 , respectively. 

Forward TBA mortgage-backed securities 

Changes in the fair value of the derivatives are recorded in mortgage banking, net within noninterest income on the consolidated statements of income. A net loss of and was recorded for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

A description of the valuation methodologies used for assets and liabilities measured at fair value, as well as the general classification of such instruments pursuant to the valuation hierarchy at the reporting date, is set forth below. 
 
 Available-for-Sale Securities Securities classified as available-for-sale are reported at fair value utilizing Level 1 (nationally recognized securities exchanges) and Level 2 inputs. For Level 2 securities, the Company obtains fair value measurements from an independent pricing service. The fair value measurements consider observable data that may include but is not limited to dealer quotes, market spreads, cash flows, the U.S. Treasury yield curve, live trading levels, trade execution data, market consensus prepayments speeds, credit information and the bond s terms and conditions. 
 
 Loans Held-for-Sale These loans are reported at fair value. Fair value is determined based on expected proceeds based on committed sales contracts and commitments of similar loans if not already committed and are considered to be Level 2. 
 
 Derivative Instruments The fair value of the interest rate lock commitments, forward TBA mortgage-backed securities and mandatory forward commitments are estimated using quoted or published market prices for similar instruments, adjusted for factors such as pull-through rate assumptions based on historical information, where appropriate. Interest rate lock commitments are considered to be Level 3 and the forward TBA mortgage-backed securities and mandatory forward commitments are considered to be Level 2. 
 
 Impaired Loans Impaired loans are reported at the fair value of the underlying collateral if repayment is expected solely from the collateral or using a discounted cash flow if the loan is not collateral dependent. Collateral values are estimated using Level 3 inputs based on internally customized discounting criteria. 
 
 R eal Estate and Other R epossessed Assets Fair values are determined at the time the loan is foreclosed upon and the asset is transferred from loans. The value is based primarily on third -party appraisals, less costs to sell and are considered Level 3 inputs for determining fair value. Repossessed assets are reviewed and evaluated periodically for additional impairment and adjusted accordingly. 
 
 Mortgage Servicing Rights The fair value of mortgage servicing rights are estimated using present value of expected cash flows based on a third -party model that incorporated industry assumptions and is adjusted for factors such as prepayment speeds and are considered level 3 inputs. 

The following table summarizes financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis, segregated by the level of the valuation inputs within the fair value hierarchy utilized to measure fair value: 

U.S. treasury obligations 
 Municipal obligations 
 Corporate obligations 
 Mortgage-backed securities 
 Collateralized mortgage obligations 
 Asset-backed securities 
 Loans held-for-sale 
 Forward TBA mortgage-backed securities 
 Financial liabilities: 
 Interest rate lock commitments 

U.S. treasury obligations 
 Municipal obligations 
 Corporate obligations 
 Mortgage-backed securities 
 Collateralized mortgage obligations 
 Asset-backed securities 
 Loans held-for-sale 
 Interest rate lock commitments 
 Financial liabilities: 
 Forward TBA mortgage-backed securities 

Certain financial assets may be measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis. These assets are subject to fair value adjustments that result from the application of lower of cost or fair value accounting or write-downs of individual assets, such as impaired loans that are collateral dependent, real estate and other repossessed assets and mortgage servicing rights. 
 
 The following tables summarize financial assets measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis for which a nonrecurring change in fair value has been recorded during the reporting periods presented: 

Real estate and other repossessed assets 
 Mortgage servicing rights 

Real estate and other repossessed assets 
 Mortgage servicing rights 

The following table represents the Bank's financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring and nonrecurring basis, the valuation techniques used to measure the fair value of those assets and liabilities, and the significant unobservable inputs and the ranges of values for those inputs: 

- 
 Real estate and other repossessed assets Fair value of collateral Discount applied to the obtained appraisal - 
 Mortgage servicing rights Discounted cash flows Discount rate - 
 Prepayment speeds - 
 Interest rate lock commitments Internal pricing model Pull-through expectations - 

The following table provides a reconciliation of assets and liabilities measured at fair value using significant unobservable inputs (Level 3 on a recurring basis during the year ended December 31, 2022 . 

Purchases and issuances 
 Sales and settlements 
 Balance, December 31, 2022 
 Unrealized losses relating to items held at end of period 

The tables below summarize the estimated fair values of financial instruments of the Company, whether or not recognized at fair value on the consolidated statements of condition. The tables are followed by methods and assumptions that were used by the Company in estimating the fair value of the classes of financial instruments. 

FHLB stock 
 FRB stock 
 Loans receivable, gross 
 Accrued interest and dividends receivable 
 Mortgage servicing rights 
 Financial liabilities: 
 Non-maturing interest-bearing deposits 
 Noninterest-bearing deposits 
 Time certificates of deposit 
 Accrued expenses and other liabilities 
 FHLB advances and other borrowings 
 Other long-term debt 

FHLB stock 
 FRB stock 
 Loans receivable, gross 
 Accrued interest and dividends receivable 
 Mortgage servicing rights 
 Financial liabilities: 
 Non-maturing interest-bearing deposits 
 Noninterest-bearing deposits 
 Time certificates of deposit 
 Accrued expenses and other liabilities 
 FHLB advances and other borrowings 
 Other long-term debt 

Securities available-for-sale 
 Investment in Eagle Bancorp Statutory Trust I 
 Investment in Subsidiaries 
 Other assets 
 Total assets 
 
 Liabilities and Shareholders' Equity: 
 Accounts payable and accrued expenses 
 Other long-term debt 
 Shareholders' equity 
 Total liabilities and shareholders' equity 

Interest expense 
 Noninterest income 
 Noninterest expense 
 Loss before income taxes 
 Income tax benefit 
 Loss before equity in undistributed earnings of Subsidiaries 
 Equity in undistributed earnings of Subsidiaries 
 Net income 

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash used in operating activities: 
 Equity in undistributed earnings of Subsidiaries 
 Other adjustments, net 
 Net cash used in operating activities 
 
 Cash Flows from Investing Activities: 
 Cash contributions from Opportunity Bank of Montana 
 Cash paid for acquisitions, net of cash received 
 Activity in available-for-sale securities: 
 Sales 
 Maturities, principal payments and calls 
 Purchases 
 Net cash (used in) provided by investing activities 
 
 Cash Flows from Financing Activities: 
 Proceeds from issuance of subordinated debentures 
 Repayment of subordinated debentures 
 Payments for debt issuance costs 
 ESOP payments and dividends 
 Payments to purchase treasury stock 
 Treasury shares reissued for compensation 
 Dividends paid 
 Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 
 
 Net Increase (Decrease) in Cash and Cash Equivalents 
 
 Cash and Cash Equivalents, beginning of period 
 
 Cash and Cash Equivalents, end of period 

- 54 -

<EX-10.34>
 2
 ex_480086.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.34

ex_480086.htm 

Exhibit 10.34 

DEFERRED COMPENSATION AGREEMENT 

This Deferred Compensation Agreement (the Agreement by and between Opportunity Bank (the Employer and Peter J. Johnson (the Executive ), made this 17th day of November 2022, formalizes the agreements and understanding between the Employer and the Executive. 

WITNESSETH : 

WHEREAS, the Executive is employed by the Employer; 

WHEREAS, the Employer recognizes the extraordinary services the Executive has performed for the Employer and wishes to provide certain deferred compensation benefits to Executive following a recent compensation review; 

WHEREAS, the Employer and the Executive intend this Agreement shall at all times be administered and interpreted in compliance with Code Section 409A; and 

NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and of the mutual promises herein contained, the Employer and the Executive agree as follows: 

ARTICLE 1 

 DEFINITIONS 

For the purpose of this Agreement, the following phrases or terms shall have the indicated meanings: 

1.1 Administrator means the Board of Directors of the Employer or its designee. 

1.2 Beneficiary means the person or persons designated in writing by the Executive to receive benefits hereunder in the event of the Executive s death. 

1.3 Cause means any of the following acts or circumstances: gross negligence or gross neglect of duties to the Employer; conviction of a felony or of a gross misdemeanor involving moral turpitude in connection with the Executive s employment with the Employer; or fraud, disloyalty, dishonesty or willful violation of any law or significant Employer policy committed in connection with the Executive's employment and resulting in a material adverse effect on the Employer. 

1.4 Claimant means a person who believes that he or she is being denied a benefit to which he or she is entitled hereunder. 

1.5 Code means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. 

1.6 Effective Date means November 1, 2022. 

1.7 ERISA means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended. 

ARTICLE 2 

 PAYMENT OF BENEFITS 

2.1 Benefit Payments. The Employer shall pay the Executive the deferred compensation benefits described in the table below within seven (7) days following the dates shown. 

Date of Benefit Payment 

Amount of Benefit Payment 

January 1, 2023 

125,000 

January 1, 2024 

125,000 

January 1, 2025 

125,000 

2.2 Payments After Death . In the event the Executive dies prior to receiving all payments due and owing hereunder, the Employer shall pay the Beneficiary the same amounts at the same times as the Employer would have paid the Executive had the Executive survived. 

2.3 Termination for Cause . Notwithstanding any provisions of this Agreement to the contrary, if the Employer terminates the Executive s employment for Cause, then the Executive shall not be entitled to any benefits under the terms of this Agreement. 

2.4 Changes in Form or Timing of Benefit Payments . The Employer and the Executive may, subject to the terms hereof, amend this Agreement to delay the timing or change the form of payments. Any such amendment: 

(a) must take effect not less than twelve (12) months after the amendment is made; 

 (b) must delay the commencement of distributions for a minimum of five (5) years from the date the first distribution was originally scheduled to be made; 

 (c) must be made not less than twelve (12) months before distribution is scheduled to begin; and 

 (d) may not accelerate the time or schedule of any distribution. 

1

ARTICLE 3 

 BENEFICIARIES 

3.1 Designation of Beneficiaries . The Executive may designate any person to receive any benefits payable under the Agreement upon the Executive s death, and the designation may be changed from time to time by the Executive by filing a new designation. Each designation will revoke all prior designations by the Executive, shall be in the form prescribed by the Administrator, and shall be effective only when filed in writing with the Administrator during the Executive s lifetime. If the Executive names someone other than the Executive s spouse as a Beneficiary, the Administrator may, in its sole discretion, determine that spousal consent is required to be provided in a form designated by the Administrator, executed by the Executive s spouse and returned to the Administrator. The Executive s beneficiary designation shall be deemed automatically revoked if the Beneficiary predeceases the Executive or if the Executive names a spouse as Beneficiary and the marriage is subsequently dissolved. 

3.2 Absence of Beneficiary Designation . In the absence of a valid Beneficiary designation, or if, at the time any benefit payment is due to a Beneficiary, there is no living Beneficiary validly named by the Executive, the Employer shall pay the benefit payment to the Executive s spouse. If the spouse is not living then the Employer shall pay the benefit payment to the Executive s living descendants per stirpes , and if there are no living descendants, to the Executive s estate. In determining the existence or identity of anyone entitled to a benefit payment, the Employer may rely conclusively upon information supplied by the Executive s personal representative, executor, or administrator. 

ARTICLE 4 

 ADMINISTRATION 

4.1 Administrator Duties . The Administrator shall be responsible for the management, operation, and administration of the Agreement. When making a determination or calculation, the Administrator shall be entitled to rely on information furnished by the Employer, Executive or Beneficiary. No provision of this Agreement shall be construed as imposing on the Administrator any fiduciary duty under ERISA or other law, or any duty similar to any fiduciary duty under ERISA or other law. 

4.2 Administrator Authority . The Administrator shall enforce this Agreement in accordance with its terms, shall be charged with the general administration of this Agreement, and shall have all powers necessary to accomplish its purposes. The decision or action of the Administrator with respect to any question arising out of or in connection with the administration, interpretation or application of this Agreement and the rules and regulations promulgated hereunder shall be final, conclusive and binding upon all persons having any interest in this Agreement. 

4.3 Compliance with Code Section 409A . The Employer and the Executive intend that the Agreement comply with the provisions of Code Section 409A to prevent the inclusion in gross income of any amounts deferred hereunder in a taxable year prior to the year in which amounts are actually paid to the Executive or Beneficiary. This Agreement shall be construed, administered and governed in a manner that affects such intent, and the Administrator shall not take any action that would be inconsistent therewith. 

ARTICLE 5 

 CLAIMS AND REVIEW PROCEDURES 

5.1 Claims Procedure . A Claimant who has not received benefits under this Agreement that he or she believes should be distributed shall make a claim for such benefits as follows. 

2

(a) Initiation Written Claim . The Claimant initiates a claim by submitting to the Administrator a written claim for the benefits. If such a claim relates to the contents of a notice received by the Claimant, the claim must be made within sixty (60) days after such notice was received by the Claimant. All other claims must be made within one hundred eighty (180) days of the date on which the event that caused the claim to arise occurred. The claim must state with particularity the determination desired by the Claimant. 

 (b) Timing of Administrator Response . The Administrator shall respond to such Claimant within forty-five (45) days after receiving the claim. If the Administrator determines that special circumstances require additional time for processing the claim, the Administrator can extend the response period by an additional thirty (30) days by notifying the Claimant in writing, prior to the end of the initial forty-five (45) day period, that an additional period is required. The extension notice shall specifically explain the standards on which entitlement to a disability benefit is based, the unresolved issues that prevent a decision on the claim and the additional information needed from the Claimant to resolve those issues, and the Claimant shall be afforded at least forty-five (45) days within which to provide the specified information. 

 (c) Notice of Decision . If the Administrator denies all or a part of the claim, the Administrator shall notify the Claimant in writing of such denial in a culturally and linguistically appropriate manner. The Administrator shall write the notification in a manner calculated to be understood by the Claimant. The notification shall set forth: (i) the specific reasons for the denial; (ii) a reference to the specific provisions of this Agreement on which the denial is based; (iii) a notice that the Claimant has a right to request a review of the claim denial and an explanation of the Agreement s review procedures and the time limits applicable to such procedures; (iv) a statement of the Claimant s right to bring a civil action under ERISA Section 502(a) following an adverse benefit determination on review, and a description of any time limit for bringing such an action; (v) for any disability claim, a discussion of the decision, including an explanation of the basis for disagreeing with or not following: (A) the views presented by the Claimant of health care professionals treating the Claimant and vocational professionals who evaluated the Claimant; (B) the views of medical or vocational experts whose advice was obtained on behalf of the Employer in connection with a Claimant s adverse benefit determination, without regard to whether the advice was relied upon in making the benefit determination; or (C) a disability determination regarding the Claimant presented by the Claimant made by the Social Security Administration (vi) for any disability claim, the specific internal rules, guidelines, protocols, standards or other similar criteria relied upon in making the adverse determination or, alternatively, a statement that such rules, guidelines, protocols, standards or other similar criteria do not exist; and (viii) for any disability claim, a statement that the Claimant is entitled to receive, upon request and free of charge, reasonable access to, and copies of, all documents, records, and other information relevant to the Claimant s claim for benefits. Whether a document, record, or other information is relevant to a claim for benefits shall be determined by Department of Labor Regulation Section 2560.503-1(m)(8). 

3

5.2 Review Procedure . If the Administrator denies all or a part of the claim, the Claimant shall have the opportunity for a full and fair review by the Administrator of the denial as follows. 

(a) Additional Evidence . Prior to the review of the denied claim, the Claimant shall be given, free of charge, any new or additional evidence considered, relied upon, or generated by the Administrator, or any new or additional rationale, as soon as possible and sufficiently in advance of the date on which the notice of adverse benefit determination on review is required to be provided, to give the Claimant a reasonable opportunity to respond prior to that date. 

 (b) Initiation Written Request . To initiate the review, the Claimant, within sixty (60) days after receiving the Administrator s notice of denial, must file with the Administrator a written request for review. 

 (c) Additional Submissions Information Access . After such request the Claimant may submit written comments, documents, records and other information relating to the claim. The Administrator shall also provide the Claimant, upon request and free of charge, reasonable access to, and copies of, all documents, records and other information relevant (as defined in applicable ERISA regulations) to the Claimant s claim for benefits. 

 (d) Considerations on Review . In considering the review, the Administrator shall consider all materials and information the Claimant submits relating to the claim, without regard to whether such information was submitted or considered in the initial benefit determination. Additional considerations shall be required in the case of a claim for disability benefits. The claim shall be reviewed by an individual or committee who did not make the initial determination that is subject of the appeal and who is not a subordinate of the individual who made the determination. Additionally, the review shall be made without deference to the initial adverse benefit determination. If the initial adverse benefit determination was based in whole or in part on a medical judgment, the Administrator will consult with a health care professional with appropriate training and experience in the field of medicine involving the medical judgment. The health care professional who is consulted on appeal will not be the same individual who was consulted during the initial determination and will not be the subordinate of such individual. If the Administrator obtained the advice of medical or vocational experts in making the initial adverse benefits determination (regardless of whether the advice was relied upon), the Administrator will identify such experts. 

 (e) Timing of Administrator Response . The Administrator shall respond in writing to such Claimant within forty-five (45) days after receiving the request for review. If the Administrator determines that special circumstances require additional time for processing the claim, the Administrator can extend the response period by an additional forty-five (45) days by notifying the Claimant in writing, prior to the end of the initial forty-five (45) day period, that an additional period is required. The notice of extension must set forth the special circumstances and the date by which the Administrator expects to render its decision. 

4

(f) Notice of Decision . The Administrator shall notify the Claimant in writing of its decision on review. The Administrator shall write the notification in a culturally and linguistically appropriate manner calculated to be understood by the Claimant. The notification shall set forth: (i) the specific reasons for the denial; (ii) a reference to the specific provisions of this Agreement on which the denial is based; (iii) a statement that the Claimant is entitled to receive, upon request and free of charge, reasonable access to, and copies of, all documents, records and other information relevant (as defined in applicable ERISA regulations) to the Claimant s claim for benefits; (iv) a statement of the Claimant s right to bring a civil action under ERISA Section 502(a); (v) for any disability claim, a discussion of the decision, including an explanation of the basis for disagreeing with or not following: (A) the views presented by the Claimant of health care professionals treating the Claimant and vocational professionals who evaluated the Claimant; (B) the views of medical or vocational experts whose advice was obtained on behalf of the Employer in connection with a Claimant s adverse benefit determination, without regard to whether the advice was relied upon in making the benefit determination; or (C) a disability determination regarding the Claimant presented by the Claimant made by the Social Security Administration; and (vi) for any disability claim, the specific internal rules, guidelines, protocols, standards or other similar criteria relied upon in making the adverse determination or, alternatively, a statement that such rules, guidelines, protocols, standards or other similar criteria do not exist. 

5.3 Exhaustion of Remedies . The Claimant must follow these claims review procedures and exhaust all administrative remedies before taking any further action with respect to a claim for benefits. 

5.4 Failure to Follow Procedures . In the case of a claim for disability benefits, if the Administrator fails to strictly adhere to all the requirements of this claims procedure with respect to a disability claim, the Claimant is deemed to have exhausted the administrative remedies available under the Agreement, and shall be entitled to pursue any available remedies under ERISA Section 502(a) on the basis that the Administrator has failed to provide a reasonable claims procedure that would yield a decision on the merits of the claim, except where the violation was: (a) de minimis; (b) non-prejudicial; (c) attributable to good cause or matters beyond the Administrator s control; (d) in the context of an ongoing good-faith exchange of information; and (e) not reflective of a pattern or practice of noncompliance. The Claimant may request a written explanation of the violation from the Administrator, and the Administrator must provide such explanation within ten (10) days, including a specific description of its basis, if any, for asserting that the violation should not cause the administrative remedies to be deemed exhausted. If a court rejects the Claimant s request for immediate review on the basis that the Administrator met the standards for the exception, the claim shall be considered as re-filed on appeal upon the Administrator s receipt of the decision of the court. Within a reasonable time after the receipt of the decision, the Administrator shall provide the claimant with notice of the resubmission. 

5

ARTICLE 6 

 AMENDMENT AND TERMINATION 

6.1 Agreement Amendment Generally . Except as provided in Section 6.2, this Agreement may be amended only by a written agreement signed by both the Employer and the Executive. 

6.2 Amendment to Ensure Proper Characterization of Agreement . Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, the Agreement may be amended by the Employer at any time, if found necessary in the opinion of the Employer, to conform the Agreement to the requirements of any applicable law or to comply with the written instructions of the Employer s auditors or banking regulators. 

6.3 Agreement Termination Generally . Except as provided in Section 6.4, this Agreement may be terminated only by a written agreement signed by the Employer and the Executive. Such termination shall not cause a distribution of benefits under this Agreement. Rather, upon such termination benefit distributions will be made at the earliest distribution event permitted under Article 2. 

6.4 Effect of Complete Termination . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in Section 6.3, and subject to the requirements of Code Section 409A and Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-3(j)(4)(ix), at certain times the Employer may completely terminate and liquidate the Agreement. In the event of such a complete termination, the Employer shall pay the Executive the Accrued Benefit. 

ARTICLE 7 

 MISCELLANEOUS 

7.1 No Effect on Other Rights . This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the Employer and the Executive as to the subject matter hereof. No rights are granted to the Executive by virtue of this Agreement other than those specifically set forth herein. Nothing contained herein will confer upon the Executive the right to be retained in the service of the Employer nor limit the right of the Employer to discharge or otherwise deal with the Executive without regard to the existence hereof. 

7.2 State Law . To the extent not governed by ERISA, the provisions of this Agreement shall be construed and interpreted according to the internal law of the State of Montana without regard to its conflicts of laws principles. 

7.3 Validity . In case any provision of this Agreement shall be illegal or invalid for any reason, said illegality or invalidity shall not affect the remaining parts hereof, but this Agreement shall be construed and enforced as if such illegal or invalid provision had never been inserted herein. 

7.4 Nonassignability . Benefits under this Agreement cannot be sold, transferred, assigned, pledged, attached or encumbered in any manner. 

6

7.5 Unsecured General Creditor Status . Payment to the Executive or any Beneficiary hereunder shall be made from assets which shall continue, for all purposes, to be part of the general, unrestricted assets of the Employer and no person shall have any interest in any such asset by virtue of any provision of this Agreement. The Employer s obligation hereunder shall be an unfunded and unsecured promise to pay money in the future. In the event that the Employer purchases an insurance policy insuring the life of the Executive to recover the cost of providing benefits hereunder, neither the Executive nor the Beneficiary shall have any rights whatsoever in said policy or the proceeds therefrom. 

7.9 Removal . Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, the Employer shall not distribute any benefit under this Agreement if the Executive is subject to a final removal or prohibition order issued pursuant to Section 8(e) of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act. Furthermore, any payments made to the Executive pursuant to this Agreement shall, if required, comply with 12 U.S.C. 1828, FDIC Regulation 12 CFR Part 359 and any other regulations or guidance promulgated thereunder. 

7.10 Notice . Any notice, consent or demand required or permitted to be given to the Employer or Administrator under this Agreement shall be sufficient if in writing and hand-delivered or sent by registered or certified mail to the Employer s principal business office. Any notice or filing required or permitted to be given to the Executive or Beneficiary under this Agreement shall be sufficient if in writing and hand-delivered or sent by mail to the last known address of the Executive or Beneficiary, as appropriate. Any notice shall be deemed given as of the date of delivery or, if delivery is made by mail, as of the date shown on the postmark or on the receipt for registration or certification. 

7.11 Headings and Interpretation . Headings and sub-headings in this Agreement are inserted for reference and convenience only and shall not be deemed part of this Agreement. Wherever the fulfillment of the intent and purpose of this Agreement requires, and the context will permit, the use of the masculine gender includes the feminine and use of the singular includes the plural. 

7.13 Coordination with Other Benefits . The benefits provided for the Executive or the Beneficiary under this Agreement are in addition to any other benefits available to the Executive under any other plan or program for employees of the Employer. This Agreement shall supplement and shall not supersede, modify, or amend any other such plan or program except as may otherwise be expressly provided herein. 

7.14 Inurement . This Agreement shall be binding upon and shall inure to the benefit of the Employer, its successor and assigns, and the Executive, the Executive s successors, heirs, executors, administrators, and the Beneficiary. 

7.15 Tax Withholding . The Employer may make such provisions and take such action as it deems necessary or appropriate for the withholding of any taxes which the Employer is required by any law or regulation to withhold in connection with any benefits under the Agreement. 

7

7.16 Responsibility for Taxes . The Executive shall be responsible for the payment of all individual tax liabilities relating to any benefits paid hereunder. The Executive acknowledges that in no event will the Employer be liable to the Executive for any taxes resulting from the Executive s participation in the Agreement, including any additional penalty, excise or other taxes that might be imposed as a result of Code Section 409A. 

7.17 Aggregation of Agreement . If the Employer offers other non-qualified deferred compensation plans in addition to this Agreement, this Agreement and those plans shall be treated as a single plan to the extent required under Code Section 409A. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Executive and a representative of the Employer have executed this Agreement document as indicated below: 

Executive: 
			 Employer: 

/s/ Peter J. Johnson 
			 By: /s/ Rick Hays 

Its: Chairman of the Board 

8

DEFERRED COMPENSATION AGREEMENT 

Beneficiary Designation 

I, Peter J. Johnson, designate the following as Beneficiary under this Agreement: 

Primary 

____________________________________________________________________________________ _______ 

____________________________________________________________________________________ _______ 

Contingent 

____________________________________________________________________________________ _______ 

____________________________________________________________________________________ _______ 

I understand that I may change this beneficiary designation by delivering a new written designation to the Administrator, which shall be effective only upon receipt by the Administrator prior to my death. I further understand that the designation will be automatically revoked if the Beneficiary predeceases me or if I have named my spouse as Beneficiary and our marriage is subsequently dissolved. 

Signature: _______________________________ Date: _______ 

SPOUSAL CONSENT (Required only if Administrator requests and someone other than spouse is named Beneficiary) 

I consent to the beneficiary designation above. I also acknowledge that if I am named Beneficiary and my marriage is subsequently dissolved, the beneficiary designation will be automatically revoked. 

Spouse Name: _______________________________ 

Signature: _______________________________ Date: 

Received by the Administrator this ________ day of ___________________, 20__ 

By: _________________________________ 

 Title: ________________________________ 

</EX-10.34>

<EX-21.1>
 3
 ex_446365.htm
 EXHIBIT 21.1

ex_446365.htm 

Exhibit 21.1 

SUBSIDIARIES OF THE REGISTRANT 

Name 

Ownership Percentage by the Registrant 

Jurisdiction of Incorporation 

Opportunity Bank of Montana 

100 

Montana 

Eagle Bancorp Statutory Trust I 

100 

Delaware 

Western Financial Services, Inc. 

100 

Montana 

Opportunity Housing Fund, LLC 

100 
			 
			 Montana 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 4
 ex_446366.htm
 EXHIBIT 23.1

ex_446366.htm 

Exhibit 23.1 

Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

We consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements (Nos 333-265269, 333-265267, 333-238771, 333-238769, 333-218211, 333-204452, and 333-182360) on Form S-8, and Registration Statement (No 333-240218) on Form S-3, of our report dated March 8, 2023, relating to the consolidated financial statements of Eagle Bancorp Montana, Inc. (the Company ), appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

/s/ Moss Adams LLP 

Everett, Washington 

 March 8, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 ex_446367.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

ex_446367.htm 

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS 

 ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 (a) OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Laura F. Clark, Chief Executive Officer of Eagle Bancorp Montana, Inc., certify that: 

1. 

I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Eagle Bancorp Montana, Inc.; 

2. 

Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 

Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 

The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 

The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 8, 2023 

/s/ Laura F. Clark 

Laura F. Clark 

Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 6
 ex_446368.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

ex_446368.htm 

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS 

 ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 (a) OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Miranda J. Spaulding, Chief Financial Officer of Eagle Bancorp Montana, Inc., certify that: 

1. 

I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Eagle Bancorp Montana, Inc.; 

2. 

Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 

Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 

The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 

The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 8, 2023 

/s/ Miranda J. Spaulding 

Miranda J. Spaulding 

Chief Financial Officer 

Principal Accounting Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 7
 ex_446369.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

ex_446369.htm 

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
18 U.S.C . SECTION 1350, 
AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report of Eagle Bancorp Montana, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), we, Laura F. Clark, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, and Miranda J. Spaulding, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the undersigned s knowledge: 

(1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

(2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

/s/ Laura F. Clark 
			 
			 /s/ Miranda J. Spaulding 

Laura F. Clark 
			 
			 Miranda J. Spaulding 

Chief Executive Officer 
			 
			 Chief Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 
			 
			 (Principal Financial Officer) 

March 8, 2023 
			 
			 March 8, 2023 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 ebmt-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 ebmt-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 ebmt-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 ebmt-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 ebmt-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

