<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230331_10-K_edgar_data_1834032_0001213900-23-024922.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>4281308</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>493355</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>863115</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>875910</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1002191</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>937150</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-23-024922.hdr.sgml : 20230331
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230330215007
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-23-024922
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		52
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230331
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230330

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Constellation Acquisition Corp I
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001834032
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			E9
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-39945
		FILM NUMBER:		23782866

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		200 PARK AVENUE, 32ND FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10166
		BUSINESS PHONE:		646-585-8975

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		200 PARK AVENUE, 32ND FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10166

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-23-024922.txt : 20230331

10-K
 1
 f10k2022_constellation1.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

UNITED
STATES 

SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington,
D.C. 20549 

FORM 

(Mark One) 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the fiscal year ended , 

OR 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the transition period from to . 

Commission
File Number 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State
or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

, 

, , 

(Address
of Principal Executive 
Offices, including zip code) 

Registrant s Telephone Number, Including Area Code 

Not
Applicable 
(Former name or former address, if changed since last report) 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of Each Class Trading Symbol(s) Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered Redeemable warrants, each one whole warrant exercisable for one Class A ordinary share at an exercise price of 11.50 CSTA.W The New York Stock Exchange Units, each consisting of one Class A ordinary share and one-third of one redeemable warrant CSTA.U The New York Stock Exchange 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 

Indicate
by check mark if the Registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the Registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the Registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the Registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant
was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the Registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, 
 smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the Registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

If
securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant
included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

As
of June 30, 2022 (the last business day of the registrant s second fiscal quarter), the aggregate market value of its voting and
non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates as of such date was based upon the closing price reported for such date on
the New York Stock Exchange (the NYSE ). 

As of March 30, 2023, Class A ordinary shares, par value
 0.0001 per share, and Class B ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 per share, were issued and outstanding, respectively 

DOCUMENTS
INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

None 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

Page 

CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS AND RISK FACTOR SUMMARY 
 iv 

PART I 
 1 

Item 1. Business 
 1 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 16 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 51 

Item 2. Property 
 51 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 51 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 51 

PART II 
 52 

Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 52 

Item 6. [Reserved] 
 54 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Liquidity and Going Concern Consideration 
 54 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 57 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 57 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 57 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 57 

Item 9B. Other Information 
 58 

Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 58 

PART III 
 59 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 59 

Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 68 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 68 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 72 

Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 74 

PART IV 
 75 

Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 75 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 77 

INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

i 

CERTAIN
TERMS 

Unless
otherwise stated in this Annual Report on Form 10-K (this Annual Report ), references to: 

we, 
 us, our, company, our company or Constellation are to Constellation
Acquisition Corp I, a Cayman Islands exempted company; 

amended
and restated memorandum and articles of association are to our Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association; 

Articles
Extension Date are to April 29, 2023, as a result of the extension general meeting held on January 24, 2023; 

Class
A ordinary shares are to our Class A ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 per share; 

Class
B ordinary shares are to our Class B ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 per share; 

Companies
Act are to the Companies Act (2021 Revision) of the Cayman Islands as the same may be amended from time to time; 

directors 
are to our current directors 

founders
shares are to our Class B ordinary shares initially purchased by one of our officers in a private placement prior to our initial
public offering and subsequently assigned to our sponsor for the same purchase price that was initially paid by one of our officers and
the Class A ordinary shares that will be issued upon the automatic conversion of the Class B ordinary shares at the time of our initial
business combination (for the avoidance of doubt, such Class A ordinary shares will not be public shares 

initial
shareholders are to our initial shareholders, including directors that hold shares directly, and other holders of our founders
shares prior to our initial public offering; 

IPO 
is the initial public offering of the securities of Constellation Acquisition Corp I on January 29, 2021. 

letter
agreement refers to the letter agreement entered into between us and our initial shareholders, directors and officers on January
26, 2021 and amended on January 30, 2023 by and among us, Sponsor, certain officers and directors and other parties thereto; 

management 
or our management team are to our officers and directors; 

ii 

ordinary
shares are to our Class A ordinary shares and our Class B ordinary shares; 

original
termination date are to January 29, 2023; 

private
placement warrants are to the warrants issued to our sponsor in a private placement simultaneously with the closing of our initial
public offering; 

public
shares are to our Class A ordinary shares sold as part of the units in our initial public offering (whether they were purchased
in our initial public offering or thereafter in the open market); 

public
shareholders are to the holders of our public shares, including our sponsor, officers and directors to the extent our sponsor,
officers or directors purchase public shares, provided their status as a 

public
shareholder shall only exist with respect to such public shares; 

sponsor 
or Sponsor are to Constellation Sponsor GmbH Co. KG a German Limited Partnership, prior to the sponsor handover and
Constellation Sponsor LP, a newly formed Delaware Limited Partnership, after the sponsor handover, the managers of which are Chandra
R. Patel, Richard C. Davis and Jarett Goldman; 

Termination
Date are to the date by which we are required to consummate a business combination pursuant to our amended and restated memorandum
and articles of association; 

warrants 
are to our redeemable warrants sold as part of the units in our initial public offering (whether they were purchased in the initial public
offering or thereafter in the open market) and the private placement warrants; and 

, 
 US and U.S. dollar each refer to the United States dollar. 

iii 

CAUTIONARY
NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS AND RISK FACTOR SUMMARY 

Some
of the statements contained in this Annual Report may constitute forward-looking statements for purposes of the federal
securities laws. Our forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements regarding our or our management team s
expectations, hopes, beliefs, intentions or strategies regarding the future. In addition, any statements that refer to projections, forecasts
or other characterizations of future events or circumstances, including any underlying assumptions, are forward-looking statements. The
words anticipate, believe, continue, could, estimate, expect, 
 intend, may, might, plan, possible, potential, predict, 
 project, should, would and similar expressions may identify forward-looking statements, but
the absence of these words does not mean that a statement is not forward-looking. Forward-looking statements in this Annual Report may
include, for example, statements about: 

our
 ability to select an appropriate target business or businesses; 

our
 ability to complete our initial business combination; 

our
 expectations around the performance of the prospective target business or businesses; 

our
 success in retaining or recruiting, or changes required in, our officers, key employees or
 directors following our initial business combination; 

our
 officers and directors allocating their time to other businesses and potentially having conflicts
 of interest with our business or in approving our initial business combination; 

our
 potential ability to obtain additional financing to complete our initial business combination; 

our
 pool of prospective target businesses; 

our
 ability to consummate an initial business combination due to the uncertainty resulting from
 any future pandemic or another surge of COVID-19; 

the
 ability of our officers and directors to generate a number of potential business combination
 opportunities; 

our
 public securities liquidity and trading; 

the
 use of proceeds not held in the trust account or available to us from interest income on
 the trust account balance; 

the
 trust account not being subject to claims of third parties; or 

our
 financial performance. 

The
forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report are based on our current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments
and their potential effects on us. There can be no assurance that future developments affecting us will be those that we have anticipated.
These forward-looking statements involve a number of risks, uncertainties (some of which are beyond our control) or other assumptions
that may cause actual results or performance to be materially different from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements.
These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, those factors described in Item 1a. Risk Factors. 
Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should any of our assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may
vary in material respects from those projected in these forward-looking statements. There may be additional risks that we consider immaterial
or which are unknown. It is not possible to predict or identify all such risks. We undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking
statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as may be required under applicable securities
laws. 

iv 

PART
I 

Item
1. Business 

Introduction 

We
are a blank check company incorporated in the Cayman Islands and formed for the purpose of effecting a merger, capital share exchange,
asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses, which we refer to throughout
this Annual Report as our initial business combination. We intend to seek a business combination with a target that is at the forefront
of change in one of several rapidly changing segments of the global economy. We intend to effectuate our business combination using cash
derived from the proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and the sale of the private placement warrants, our shares, debt or a combination
of cash, shares and debt. 

Constellation,
led by Chandra R. Patel, is on the mission of supporting a target that is focused on bringing change to a rapidly changing segment of
the global economy by sharing our expertise and multi-disciplinary, complementary know-how across a variety of industries and geographies.
We believe that the businesses with the greatest propensity for long-term value creation seek partners who are themselves proven value
builders and have demonstrated success in ushering companies from private to public operating environments. 

Company
History 

On
November 23, 2020, one of our officers at the time purchased an aggregate of 8,625,000 Founder Shares for an aggregate purchase
price of 25,000, or approximately 0.003 per share. On December 23, 2020, the Founder Shares were assigned to our Sponsor for the
same purchase price that was initially paid by one of our officers. Our Founder Shares will automatically convert into Constellation
Class A Ordinary Shares, on a one-for-one basis, upon the completion of a business combination. The number of Founder Shares issued
was determined based on the expectation that the Founder Shares would represent 63.3 of the issued and outstanding ordinary shares
upon completion of the IPO. 

On
January 29, 2021, we completed our IPO of 31,000,000 units at a price of 10.00 per unit, generating gross proceeds of 310,000,000.
Each unit consists of one Constellation Class A Ordinary Share and one-third of one public warrant. Each whole warrant entitles the holder
thereof to purchase one Constellation Class A Ordinary Share at a price of 11.50 per share, subject to certain adjustments. 

Substantially
concurrently with the completion of the IPO, our Sponsor purchased an aggregate of 5,466,667 private placement warrants at a price of
 1.50 per warrant, or 8,200,000 in the aggregate. A total of 310,000,000, comprised of 303,800,000 of the proceeds from the IPO, including
 10,850,000 of the underwriters deferred discount, and 6,200,000 of the proceeds of the sale of the private placement warrants,
was placed in a U.S.-based trust account at J.P. Morgan Chase Bank, N.A., maintained by Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company,
acting as trustee. On March 18, 2021, we announced that, commencing March 19, 2021, holders of the 31,000,000 units sold in the IPO may
elect to separately trade the Constellation Class A Ordinary Shares and the public warrants included in the units. Those units not separated
continued to trade on the NYSE under the symbol CSTA.U and the Constellation Class A Ordinary Shares and public warrants
that were separated trade under the symbols CSTA and CSTA.W, respectively. 

On
January 24, 2023, we held an Extension Meeting to, in part, amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association to
extend the date by which we have to consummate a business combination. In connection with that vote, the holders of 26,506,157 Class
A ordinary shares of the Company properly exercised their right to redeem their shares for an aggregate price of approximately 10.167
per share, for an aggregate redemption amount of approximately 269,485,746. After the satisfaction of such redemptions, the balance
in our trust account was approximately 46,138,503. On February 13, 2022, a total of 46,600,678.12 (the remaining trust balance), was
placed in a U.S.-based trust account at Citibank, N.A., maintained by Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, acting as trustee. 

In
connection with the closing of the transactions contemplated by the Investment Agreement, on January 26, 2023, the Sponsor underwent
a reorganization pursuant to which the limited partners of Constellation Sponsor GmbH Co. KG transferred all of their limited partnership
interests to Constellation Sponsor LP, a newly formed Delaware limited partnership. On January 26, 2023, the Sponsor was liquidated pursuant
to applicable law by the retirement of the general partner of the Sponsor (the second to last partner of the Sponsor) and all securities
held by the Sponsor were distributed by operation of law to its sole remaining limited partner, Constellation Sponsor LP, following which,
on January 30, 2023, control of the Sponsor was transferred to affiliates of Antarctica Capital Partners, LLC. 

1 

Initial
Business Combination 

The
NYSE rules and our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association require that our initial business combination must be
with one or more operating businesses or assets with a fair market value equal to at least 80 of the net assets held in the trust account
(net of amounts disbursed to management for working capital purposes, if permitted, and excluding the amount of any deferred underwriting
discount). We refer to this as the 80 net assets test. If our board is not able to independently determine the fair market value of
the target business or businesses or we are considering an initial business combination with an affiliated entity, we will obtain an
opinion from an independent investment banking firm or an independent valuation or accounting firm with respect to the satisfaction of
such criteria. Our shareholders may not be provided with a copy of such opinion nor will they be able to rely on such opinion. 

While
we consider it unlikely that our board will not be able to make an independent determination of the fair market value of a target business
or businesses, our board may be unable to do so if our board is less familiar or experienced with the target company s business,
there is a significant amount of uncertainty as to the value of the company s assets or prospects, including if such company is
at an early stage of development, operations or growth, or if the anticipated transaction involves a complex financial analysis or other
specialized skills and the board determines that outside expertise would be helpful or necessary in conducting such analysis. Since any
opinion, if obtained, would merely state that the fair market value of the target business meets the 80 of net assets test, unless such
opinion includes material information regarding the valuation of a target business or the consideration to be provided, it is not anticipated
that copies of such opinion would be distributed to our shareholders. However, if required under applicable law, any proxy statement
that we deliver to shareholders and file with the SEC in connection with a proposed transaction will include such opinion. 

We
currently anticipate structuring our initial business combination so that the post-business combination company in which our public shareholders
own shares will own or acquire 100 of the equity interests or assets of the target business or businesses. We may, however, structure
our initial business combination such that the post-business combination company owns or acquires less than 100 of such interests or
assets of the target business in order to meet certain objectives of the target management team or shareholders or for other reasons,
as described above, but we will only complete such business combination if the post-business combination company owns or acquires 50 
or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient for
it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment
Company Act ). Even if the post-business combination company owns or acquires 50 or more of the voting securities of the target,
our shareholders prior to the business combination may collectively own a minority interest in the post-business combination company,
depending on valuations ascribed to the target and us in the business combination transaction. For example, we could pursue a transaction
in which we issue a substantial number of new shares in exchange for all of the outstanding capital stock, shares or other equity interests
of a target. In this case, we would acquire a 100 controlling interest in the target. However, as a result of the issuance of a substantial
number of new shares, our shareholders immediately prior to the completion of our initial business combination could own less than a
majority of our issued and outstanding shares subsequent to our initial business combination. If less than 100 of the equity interests
or assets of a target business or businesses are owned or acquired by the post-business combination company, the portion of such business
or businesses that is owned or acquired is what will be valued for purposes of the 80 of net assets test. If the business combination
involves more than one target business, the 80 of net assets test will be based on the aggregate value of all of the target businesses
and we will treat the target businesses together as the initial business combination for purposes of a tender offer or for seeking shareholder
approval, as applicable. 

We
are not prohibited from pursuing an initial business combination or subsequent transaction with a company that is affiliated with our
sponsor or any member of our team. In the event we seek to complete our initial business combination with a company that is affiliated
with our sponsor or any of our founders, officers or directors, we, or a committee of independent directors, will obtain an opinion from
an independent investment banking firm or an independent valuation or accounting firm that such initial business combination or transaction
is fair to our company from a financial point of view. 

2 

Members
of our board of directors directly or indirectly own founder shares and private placement warrants following the IPO and, accordingly,
may have a conflict of interest in determining whether a particular target business is an appropriate business with which to effectuate
our initial business combination. Further, each of our officers and directors may have a conflict of interest with respect to evaluating
a particular business combination if the retention or resignation of any such officers or directors were to be included by a target business
as a condition to any agreement with respect to our initial business combination. 

In
addition, certain of our founders, officers and directors presently have, and any of them in the future may have additional, fiduciary
and contractual duties to other entities, including without limitation, investment funds, accounts and co-investment vehicles. Accordingly,
subject to their fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law, if any of our officers or directors becomes aware of an acquisition opportunity
which is suitable for an entity to which they have then current fiduciary or contractual obligations, they will need to honor their fiduciary
or contractual obligations to present such acquisition opportunity to such entity, and only present it to us if such entity rejects the
opportunity. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable
law: (i) no individual serving as a director or an officer shall have any duty, except and to the extent expressly assumed by contract,
to refrain from engaging directly or indirectly in the same or similar business activities or lines of business as us; and (ii) we renounce
any interest or expectancy in, or in being offered an opportunity to participate in, any potential transaction or matter which may be
a corporate opportunity for any director or officer, on the one hand, and us, on the other. We do not believe, however, that the fiduciary
duties or contractual obligations of our officers or directors will materially affect our ability to complete our initial business combination. 

In
addition, our founders, officers and directors, are not required to commit any specified amount of time to our affairs and, accordingly,
will have conflicts of interest in allocating management time among various business activities, including identifying potential business
combinations and monitoring the related due diligence. Moreover, our founders, officers and directors have, and will have in the future,
time and attention requirements for current and future investment funds, accounts and co-investment vehicles. 

Corporate
Information 

Our
executive offices are located at 200 Park Avenue, 32nd Floor New York, NY, 10166. Our website is https://constellationacquisition.com/.
Our website and the information contained on, or that can be accessed through, the website is not deemed to be incorporated by reference
in, and is not considered part of, this proxy statement/prospectus or the registration statement of which this proxy statement/prospectus
is a part. 

We
are a Cayman Islands exempted company. Exempted companies are Cayman Islands companies conducting business mainly outside the Cayman
Islands and, as such, are exempted from complying with certain provisions of the Companies Act. As an exempted company, we have applied
for and received a tax exemption undertaking from the Cayman Islands government that, in accordance with Section 6 of the Tax Concessions
Act (2018 Revision) of the Cayman Islands, for a period of 20 years from the date of the undertaking, no law which is enacted in the
Cayman Islands imposing any tax to be levied on profits, income, gains or appreciations will apply to us or our operations and, in addition,
that no tax to be levied on profits, income, gains or appreciations or which is in the nature of estate duty or inheritance tax will
be payable (i) on or in respect of our shares, debentures or other obligations or (ii) by way of the withholding in whole or in part
of a payment of dividend or other distribution of income or capital by us to our shareholders or a payment of principal or interest or
other sums due under a debenture or other obligation of us. 

We
are an emerging growth company, as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities
Act ), as modified by the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012 (the JOBS Act ). As such, we are eligible to
take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging
growth companies including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section
404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (the Sarbanes-Oxley Act ), reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation
in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a non-binding advisory vote on executive
compensation and shareholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. If some investors find our securities
less attractive as a result, there may be a less active trading market for our securities and the prices of our securities may be more
volatile. 

3 

In
addition, Section 107 of the JOBS Act also provides that an emerging growth company can take advantage of the extended
transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards. In other
words, an emerging growth company can delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise
apply to private companies. We intend to take advantage of the benefits of this extended transition period. 

We
will remain an emerging growth company until the earlier of (1) the last day of the fiscal year (a) following the fifth anniversary of
the completion of the IPO, (b) in which we have total annual gross revenue of at least 1.235 billion, or (c) in which we are deemed to
be a large accelerated filer, which means the market value of our Class A ordinary shares that are held by non-affiliates exceeds 700
million as of the prior June 30, and (2) the date on which we have issued more than 1.0 billion in non-convertible debt during the prior
three-year period. References herein to emerging growth company have the meaning associated with it in the JOBS Act. 

Additionally,
we are a smaller reporting company as defined in Item 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K. Smaller reporting companies may take
advantage of certain reduced disclosure obligations, including, among other things, providing only two years of audited financial statements.
We will remain a smaller reporting company until the last day of the fiscal year in which (1) the market value of our ordinary shares
held by non-affiliates is equal to or exceeds 250 million as of the prior June 30, or (2) our annual revenues equaled or exceeded 100
million during the most recently completed fiscal year and the market value of our ordinary shares held by non-affiliates is equal to
or exceeds 700 million as of the prior June 30. To the extent we take advantage of such reduced disclosure obligations, it may also
make comparison of our financial statements with other public companies difficult or impossible. 

Effecting
Our Initial Business Combination 

General 

We
intend to effectuate our initial business combination using cash from the proceeds of the IPO, the sale of the private placements warrants,
our equity, debt or a combination of these as the consideration to be paid in our initial business combination. We may seek to complete
our initial business combination with a company or business that may be financially unstable or in its early stages of development or
growth, which would subject us to the numerous risks inherent in such companies and businesses. 

If
our initial business combination is paid for using equity or debt, or not all of the funds released from the trust account are used for
payment of the consideration in connection with our initial business combination or used for redemptions of our Class A ordinary shares,
we may apply the balance of the cash released to us from the trust account for general corporate purposes, including for maintenance
or expansion of operations of the post-business combination company, the payment of principal or interest due on indebtedness incurred
in completing our initial business combination, to fund the purchase of other companies or for working capital. 

We
have not selected any business combination target. 

Accordingly,
there is no current basis for investors to evaluate the possible merits or risks of the target business with which we may ultimately
complete our initial business combination. 

Although
our team will assess the risks inherent in a particular target business with which we may combine, we cannot assure you that this assessment
will result in our identifying all risks that a target business may encounter. 

Furthermore,
some of those risks may be outside of our control, meaning that we can do nothing to control or reduce the chances that those risks will
adversely affect a target business. 

4 

We
may need to obtain additional financing to complete our initial business combination, either because the transaction requires more cash
than is available from the proceeds held in our trust account, or because we become obligated to redeem a significant number of our public
shares upon completion of the business combination, in which case we may issue additional securities or incur debt in connection with
such business combination. There are no prohibitions on our ability to issue securities or incur debt in connection with our initial
business combination. On January 24, 2023, we held an Extension Meeting to, in part, amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles
of association to extend the date by which we have to consummate a business combination. In connection with that vote, the holders of
26,506,157 Class A ordinary shares of the Company properly exercised their right to redeem their shares for an aggregate price of approximately
 10.167 per share, for an aggregate redemption amount of approximately 269,485,746. After the satisfaction of such redemptions, the
balance in our trust account was approximately 46,138,503. We are not currently a party to any arrangement or understanding with any
third party with respect to raising any additional funds through the sale of securities, the incurrence of debt or otherwise. 

Sources
of Target Business 

Our
process of identifying acquisition targets will leverage our team s unique industry experiences, proven deal sourcing capabilities
and broad and deep network of relationships in numerous industries, including executives and management teams, private equity groups
and other institutional investors, large business enterprises, lenders, investment bankers and other investment market participants,
restructuring advisers, consultants, attorneys and accountants, which we believe should provide us with a number of business combination
opportunities. We expect that the collective experience, capability and network of our founders, directors and officers, combined with
their individual and collective reputations in the investment community, will help to create prospective business combination opportunities. 

In
addition, we anticipate that target business candidates may be brought to our attention from various unaffiliated sources, including
investment bankers and private investment funds. Target businesses may be brought to our attention by such unaffiliated sources as a
result of being solicited by us through calls or mailings. These sources may also introduce us to target businesses in which they think
we may be interested on an unsolicited basis, since many of these sources will have read the Annual Report and know what types of businesses
we are pursuing. Our officers and directors, as well as their affiliates, may also bring to our attention target business candidates
of which they become aware through their business contacts as a result of formal or informal inquiries or discussions they may have,
as well as attending trade shows or conventions. 

We
may engage professional firms or other individuals that specialize in business acquisitions, in which event we may pay a finder s
fee, consulting fee or other compensation to be determined in an arm s length negotiation based on the terms of the transaction.
We will engage a finder only to the extent our team determines that the use of a finder may bring opportunities to us that may not otherwise
be available to us or if finders approach us on an unsolicited basis with a potential transaction that our team determines is in our
best interest to pursue. Payment of a finder s fee is customarily tied to completion of a transaction, in which case any such fee
will be paid out of the funds held in the trust account. In no event, however, will our sponsor or any of our existing officers or directors,
or any entity with which they are affiliated, be paid any finder s fee, consulting fee or other compensation by the company prior
to, or for any services they render in order to effectuate, the completion of our initial business combination (regardless of the type
of transaction that it is). None of our sponsor, executive officers or directors, or any of their respective affiliates, will be allowed
to receive any compensation, finder s fees or consulting fees from a prospective business combination target in connection with
a contemplated acquisition of such target by us. We have agreed to pay our sponsor a total of up to 10,000 per month for office space,
secretarial and administrative support and other obligations of our sponsor and to reimburse our sponsor for any out-of-pocket expenses
related to identifying, investigating and completing an initial business combination. Some of our officers and directors may enter into
employment or consulting agreements with the post-business combination company following our initial business combination. 

5 

We
are not prohibited from pursuing an initial business combination or subsequent transaction with a company that is affiliated with our
sponsor or any member of our team. In the event we seek to complete our initial business combination with a company that is affiliated
with our sponsor or any of our founders, officers or directors, we, or a committee of independent directors, will obtain an opinion from
an independent investment banking firm or an independent valuation or accounting firm that such initial business combination or transaction
is fair to our company from a financial point of view. We are not required to obtain such an opinion in any other context. 

Each
of our officers and directors presently has, and any of them in the future may have additional, fiduciary or contractual obligations
to other entities, including any future special purpose acquisition companies we expect they may be involved in and entities that are
affiliates of our sponsor, pursuant to which such officer or director is or will be required to present a business combination opportunity
to such entity. Accordingly, if any of our officers or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity which is suitable
for an entity to which he or she has then-current fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she will honor his or her fiduciary or
contractual obligations to present such business combination opportunity to such entity, subject to their fiduciary duties under Cayman
Islands law. All of our executive officers currently have certain relevant fiduciary duties or contractual obligations that may take
priority over their duties to us. In addition, we may pursue an acquisition opportunity with an entity to which an officer or director
has a fiduciary or contractual obligation. Any such entity may co-invest with us in the target business at the time of our initial business
combination, or we could raise additional proceeds to complete the acquisition by issuing to such entity a class of equity or equity-linked
securities. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable
law: (i) no individual serving as a director or an officer shall have any duty, except and to the extent expressly assumed by contract,
to refrain from engaging directly or indirectly in the same or similar business activities or lines of business as us; and (ii) we renounce
any interest or expectancy in, or in being offered an opportunity to participate in, any potential transaction or matter which may be
a corporate opportunity for any director or officer, on the one hand, and us, on the other. We do not believe, however, that the fiduciary
duties or contractual obligations of our officers or directors will materially affect our ability to complete our initial business combination.
See Management Conflicts of Interest. 

Evaluation
of a Target Business and Structuring of Our Initial Business Combination 

In
evaluating a prospective target business, we expect to conduct a thorough due diligence review which may encompass, among other things,
meetings with incumbent management and employees, document reviews, interviews of customers and suppliers, inspection of facilities,
market analysis, as well as a review of financial, operational, legal and other information which will be made available to us. If we
determine to move forward with a particular target, we will proceed to structure and negotiate the terms of the business combination
transaction. 

The
time required to identify and evaluate a target business and to structure and complete our initial business combination, and the costs
associated with this process, are not currently ascertainable with any degree of certainty. Any costs incurred with respect to the identification
and evaluation of, and negotiation with, a prospective target business with which our initial business combination is not ultimately
completed will result in our incurring losses and will reduce the funds we can use to complete another business combination. The company
will not pay any consulting fees to members of our team, or any of their respective affiliates, for services rendered to or in connection
with our initial business combination. In addition, we have agreed not to enter into a definitive agreement regarding an initial business
combination without the prior consent of our sponsor. 

6 

Lack
of Business Diversification 

For
an indefinite period of time after the completion of our initial business combination, the prospects for our success may depend entirely
on the future performance of a single business. Unlike other entities that have the resources to complete business combinations with
multiple entities in one or several industries, it is probable that we will not have the resources to diversify our operations and mitigate
the risks of being in a single line of business. By completing our initial business combination with only a single entity, our lack of
diversification may: 

subject
 us to negative economic, competitive and regulatory developments, any or all of which may
 have a substantial adverse impact on the particular industry in which we operate after our
 initial business combination; and 

cause
 us to depend on the marketing and sale of a single product or limited number of products
 or services. 

Limited
Ability to Evaluate the Target s Management Team 

Although
we intend to closely scrutinize the management of a prospective target business when evaluating the desirability of effecting our initial
business combination with that business, our assessment of the target business s management may not prove to be correct. In addition,
the future management may not have the necessary skills, qualifications or abilities to manage a public company. Furthermore, the future
role of members of our team, if any, in the target business cannot presently be stated with any certainty. The determination as to whether
any of the members of our team will remain with the combined company will be made at the time of our initial business combination. While
it is possible that one or more of our directors will remain associated in some capacity with us following our initial business combination,
it is unlikely that any of them will devote their full efforts to our affairs subsequent to our initial business combination. Moreover,
we cannot assure you that members of our team will have significant experience or knowledge relating to the operations of the particular
target business. 

We
cannot assure you that any of our key personnel will remain in senior management or advisory positions with the combined company. The
determination as to whether any of our key personnel will remain with the combined company will be made at the time of our initial business
combination. 

Following
a business combination, we may seek to recruit additional managers to supplement the incumbent management of the target business. 

We
cannot assure you that we will have the ability to recruit additional managers, or that additional managers will have the requisite skills,
knowledge or experience necessary to enhance the incumbent management. 

7 

Shareholders
May Not Have the Ability to Approve Our Initial Business Combination 

We
may conduct redemptions without a shareholder vote pursuant to the tender offer rules of the SEC subject to the provisions of our amended
and restated memorandum and articles of association. However, we will seek shareholder approval if it is required by applicable law or
stock exchange rule, or we may decide to seek shareholder approval for business or other reasons. 

Under
NYSE s listing rules, shareholder approval would typically be required for our initial business combination if, for example: 

We
 issue ordinary shares that will be equal to or in excess of 20 

of
 the number of our ordinary shares then-outstanding (other than in a public offering); 

Any
 of our directors, officers or substantial security holder (as defined by NYSE rules) has
 a 5 or greater interest, directly or indirectly, in the target business or assets to be
 acquired or otherwise and the present or potential issuance of ordinary shares could result
 in an increase in issued and outstanding ordinary shares or voting power of 1 or more (or
 5 or more if the related party involved is classified as such solely because such person
 is a substantial security holder); or 

The
 issuance or potential issuance of ordinary shares will result in our undergoing a change
 of control. 

The
Companies Act and Cayman Islands law do not currently require, and we are not aware of any other applicable law that will require, shareholder
approval of our initial business combination. 

The
decision as to whether we will seek shareholder approval of a proposed business combination in those instances in which shareholder approval
is not required by law will be made by us, solely in our discretion, and will be based on business and legal reasons, which include a
variety of factors, including, but not limited to: 

the
 timing of the transaction, including in the event we determine shareholder approval would
 require additional time and there is either not enough time to seek shareholder approval
 or doing so would place the company at a disadvantage in the transaction or result in other
 additional burdens on the company; 

the
 expected cost of holding a shareholder vote; 

the
 risk that the shareholders would fail to approve the proposed business combination; other
 time and budget constraints of the company; and 

additional
 legal complexities of a proposed business combination that would be time-consuming and burdensome
 to present to shareholders. 

Permitted
Purchase and Other Transactions with Respect to Our Securities 

If
we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business
combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our sponsor, directors, executive officers, advisors or their affiliates may purchase
public shares or warrants in privately negotiated transactions or in the open market either prior to or following the completion of our
initial business combination. Additionally, at any time at or prior to our initial business combination, subject to applicable securities
laws (including with respect to material nonpublic information), our sponsor, directors, executive officers, advisors or their affiliates
may enter into transactions with investors and others to provide them with incentives to acquire public shares, vote their public shares
in favor of our initial business combination or not redeem their public shares. However, they have no current commitments, plans or intentions
to engage in such transactions and have not formulated any terms or conditions for any such transactions. None of the funds in the trust
account will be used to purchase public shares or warrants in such transactions. If they engage in such transactions, they will be restricted
from making any such purchases when they are in possession of any material non-public information not disclosed to the seller or if such
purchases are prohibited by Regulation M under the Exchange Act. 

8 

In
the event that our sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates purchase shares in privately negotiated transactions from
public shareholders who have already elected to exercise their redemption rights or submitted a proxy to vote against our initial business
combination, such selling shareholders would be required to revoke their prior elections to redeem their shares and any proxy to vote
against our initial business combination. We do not currently anticipate that such purchases, if any, would constitute a tender offer
subject to the tender offer rules under the Exchange Act or a going-private transaction subject to the going-private rules under the
Exchange Act; however, if the purchasers determine at the time of any such purchases that the purchases are subject to such rules, the
purchasers will be required to comply with such rules. 

The
purpose of any such transactions could be to (i) vote such shares in favor of the business combination and thereby increase the likelihood
of obtaining shareholder approval of the business combination, (ii) to satisfy a closing condition in an agreement with a target that
requires us to have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash at the closing of our initial business combination, where it appears
that such requirement would otherwise not be met or (iii) reduce the number of public warrants outstanding or vote such warrants or any
matter submitted to the warrant holders for approval in connection with our initial business combination. Any such purchases of our securities
may result in the completion of our initial business combination that may not otherwise have been possible. 

In
addition, if such purchases are made, the public float of our Class A ordinary shares or public warrants may be reduced
and the number of beneficial holders of our securities may be reduced, which may make it difficult to maintain or obtain the quotation,
listing or trading of our securities on a national securities exchange. 

Our
sponsor, officers, directors and/or their affiliates anticipate that they may identify the shareholders with whom our sponsor, officers,
directors or their affiliates may pursue privately negotiated transactions by either the shareholders contacting us directly or by our
receipt of redemption requests submitted by shareholders (in the case of Class A ordinary shares) following our mailing of tender offer
or proxy materials in connection with our initial business combination. To the extent that our sponsor, officers, directors, advisors
or their affiliates enter into a private transaction, they would identify and contact only potential selling or redeeming shareholders
who have expressed their election to redeem their shares for a pro rata share of the trust account or vote against our initial business
combination, whether or not such shareholder has already submitted a proxy with respect to our initial business combination but only
if such shares have not already been voted at the general meeting related to our initial business combination. Our sponsor, executive
officers, directors, advisors or their affiliates will select which shareholders to purchase shares from based on the negotiated price
and number of shares and any other factors that they may deem relevant, and will be restricted from purchasing shares if such purchases
do not comply with Regulation M under the Exchange Act and the other federal securities laws. 

Our
sponsor, officers, directors and/or their affiliates will be restricted from making purchases of shares if the purchases would violate
Section 9 (a)(2) or Rule 10b-5 of the Exchange Act. We expect any such purchases would be reported by such person pursuant to Section
13 and Section 16 of the Exchange Act to the extent such purchasers are subject to such reporting requirements. 

Redemption
Rights for Public Shareholders upon Completion of Our Initial Business Combination 

We
will provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their Class A ordinary shares upon the completion
of our initial business combination at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust
account calculated as of two business days prior to the consummation of the initial business combination, including interest earned on
the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our income taxes, if any, divided by the number of the then-outstanding
public shares, subject to the limitations described herein. The per share amount we will distribute to investors who properly redeem
their shares will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commissions we will pay to the underwriters. The redemption rights may
include the requirement that a beneficial holder must identify itself in order to validly redeem its shares. 

9 

There
will be no redemption rights upon the completion of our initial business combination with respect to our warrants. Further, we will not
proceed with redeeming our public shares, even if a public shareholder has properly elected to redeem its shares, if a business combination
does not close. 

Our
sponsor and our team have entered into an agreement with us, pursuant to which they agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect
to their founder shares, private placement warrants and any public shares purchased during or after IPO in connection with (i) the completion
of our initial business combination and (ii) a shareholder vote to approve an amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles
of association (A) that would modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the
right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we
do not complete our initial business combination within by the date by which we are required to consummate a business combination pursuant
to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (the Termination Date ), or (B) with respect to any other
provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares or pre-initial business combination activity. 

Limitations
on Redemptions 

Our
amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that in no event will we redeem our public shares in an amount that
would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 (so that we do not then become subject to the SEC s penny
stock rules). However, the proposed business combination may require: (i) cash consideration to be paid to the target or its owners,
(ii) cash to be transferred to the target for working capital or other general corporate purposes or (iii) the retention of cash to satisfy
other conditions in accordance with the terms of the proposed business combination. In the event the aggregate cash consideration we
would be required to pay for all Class A ordinary shares that are validly submitted for redemption plus any amount required to satisfy
cash conditions pursuant to the terms of the proposed business combination exceed the aggregate amount of cash available to us, we will
not complete the business combination or redeem any shares, and all Class A ordinary shares submitted for redemption will be returned
to the holders thereof. 

Manner
of Conducting Redemptions 

We
will provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their Class A ordinary shares upon the completion
of our initial business combination either (i) in connection with a general meeting called to approve the business combination or (ii)
by means of a tender offer. 

The
decision as to whether we will seek shareholder approval of a proposed business combination or conduct a tender offer will be made by
us, solely in our discretion, and will be based on a variety of factors such as the timing of the transaction and whether the terms of
the transaction would require us to seek shareholder approval under applicable law or stock exchange listing requirement or whether we
were deemed to be a foreign private issuer (which would require a tender offer rather than seeking shareholder approval under SEC rules).
Asset acquisitions and share purchases would not typically require shareholder approval while direct mergers with our company and any
transactions where we issue more than 20 of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares or seek to amend our amended and restated memorandum
and articles of association would typically require shareholder approval. We currently intend to conduct redemptions in connection with
a shareholder vote unless shareholder approval is not required by applicable law or stock exchange rule or we choose to conduct redemptions
pursuant to the tender offer rules of the SEC for business or other reasons. 

The
requirement that we provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their public shares by one of the two methods listed
above will be contained in provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association and will apply whether or not
we maintain our registration under the Exchange Act or our listing on NYSE. Such provisions may be amended if approved by holders of
two thirds of our ordinary shares who attend and vote at a general meeting of the company, so long as we offer redemption in connection
with such amendment. 

10 

If
we held a shareholder vote to approve our initial business combination, we will, pursuant to our amended and restated memorandum and
articles of association: 

conduct
 the redemptions in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to Regulation 14A of the
 Exchange Act, which regulates the solicitation of proxies, and not pursuant to the tender
 offer rules; and 

file
 proxy materials with the SEC. 

In
the event that we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination, we will distribute proxy materials and, in connection
therewith, provide our public shareholders with the redemption rights described above upon completion of the initial business combination. 

If
we seek shareholder approval, we will complete our initial business combination only if we receive approval pursuant to an ordinary resolution
under Cayman Islands law, which requires the affirmative vote of a majority of the shareholders who attend and vote at a general meeting
of the company. In such case, our sponsor and each member of our team agreed to vote their founder shares and public shares purchased
during or after the IPO in favor of our initial business combination. As a result, in addition to our initial shareholder s founder
shares, we would need none of our currently outstanding public shares to be voted in favor of an initial business combination in order
to have our initial business combination approved. Each public shareholder may elect to redeem their public shares irrespective of whether
they vote for or against the proposed transaction or vote at all. In addition, our sponsor and our team have entered into an agreement
with us, pursuant to which they agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to their founder shares and any public shares purchased
during or after the IPO in connection with (i) the completion of our initial business combination and (ii) a shareholder vote to approve
an amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) that would modify the substance or timing of our
obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial business
combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination by the Termination Date, or
(B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares or pre-initial business combination
activity. 

If
we conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules of the SEC, we will, pursuant to our amended and restated memorandum and articles
of association: 

conduct
 the redemptions pursuant to Rule 13e-4 and Regulation 14E of the Exchange Act, which regulate
 issuer tender offers; and 

file
 tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing our initial business combination
 which contain substantially the same financial and other information about the initial business
 combination and the redemption rights as is required under Regulation 14A of the Exchange
 Act, which regulates the solicitation of proxies. 

Upon
the public announcement of our initial business combination, we or our sponsor will terminate any plan established in accordance with
Rule 10b5-1 to purchase Class A ordinary shares in the open market if we elect to redeem our public shares through a tender offer, to
comply with Rule 14e-5 under the Exchange Act. 

In
the event we conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules, our offer to redeem will remain open for at least 20 business days,
in accordance with Rule 14e-1(a) under the Exchange Act, and we will not be permitted to complete our initial business combination until
the expiration of the tender offer period. In addition, the tender offer will be conditioned on public shareholders not tendering more
than the number of public shares we are permitted to redeem. If public shareholders tender more shares than we have offered to purchase,
we will withdraw the tender offer and not complete the initial business combination. 

11 

Limitation
on Redemption upon Completion of Our Initial Business Combination If We Seek Shareholder Approval 

If
we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business
combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provides that a public
shareholder, together with any affiliate of such shareholder or any other person with whom such shareholder is acting in concert or as
a group (as defined under Section 13 of the Exchange Act), will be restricted from seeking redemption rights with respect
to Excess Shares, without our prior consent. We believe this restriction will discourage shareholders from accumulating large blocks
of shares, and subsequent attempts by such holders to use their ability to exercise their redemption rights against a proposed business
combination as a means to force us or our founding to purchase their shares at a significant premium to the then-current market price
or on other undesirable terms. Absent this provision, a public shareholder holding more than an aggregate of 15 of the shares sold in
the IPO could threaten to exercise its redemption rights if such holder s shares are not purchased by us, our sponsor or our team
at a premium to the then-current market price or on other undesirable terms. By limiting our shareholders ability to redeem no
more than 15 of the shares sold in the IPO without our prior consent, we believe we will limit the ability of a small group of shareholders
to unreasonably attempt to block our ability to complete our initial business combination, particularly in connection with a business
combination with a target that requires as a closing condition that we have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash. 

However,
we would not be restricting our shareholders ability to vote all of their shares (including Excess Shares) for or against our
initial business combination. 

Tendering
Share Certificates in Connection with a Tender Offer or Redemption Rights 

Public
shareholders seeking to exercise their redemption rights, whether they are record holders or hold their shares in street name, 
will be required to either tender their certificates (if any) to our transfer agent prior to the date set forth in the proxy solicitation
or tender offer materials, as applicable, mailed to such holders, or to deliver their shares to the transfer agent electronically using
The Depository Trust Company s DWAC (Deposit/ Withdrawal At Custodian) System, at the holder s option, in each case up to
two business days prior to the initially scheduled vote to approve the business combination. The proxy solicitation or tender offer materials,
as applicable, that we will furnish to holders of our public shares in connection with our initial business combination will indicate
the applicable delivery requirements, which may include the requirement that a beneficial holder must identify itself in order to validly
redeem its shares. Accordingly, a public shareholder would have from the time we send out our tender offer materials until the close
of the tender offer period, or up to two business days prior to the initially scheduled vote on the proposal to approve the business
combination if we distribute proxy materials, as applicable, to tender its shares if it wishes to seek to exercise its redemption rights. 

Given
the relatively short period in which to exercise redemption rights, it is advisable for shareholders to use electronic delivery of their
public shares. 

There
is a nominal cost associated with the above-referenced tendering process and the act of certificating the shares or delivering them through
the DWAC System. The transfer agent will typically charge the tendering broker a fee of approximately 80.00 and it would be up to the
broker whether or not to pass this cost on to the redeeming holder. However, this fee would be incurred regardless of whether or not
we require holders seeking to exercise redemption rights to tender their shares. The need to deliver shares is a requirement of exercising
redemption rights regardless of the timing of when such delivery must be effectuated. 

The
foregoing is different from the procedures used by many blank check companies. In order to perfect redemption rights in connection with
their business combinations, many blank check companies would distribute proxy materials for the shareholders vote on an initial
business combination, and a holder could simply vote against a proposed business combination and check a box on the proxy card indicating
such holder was seeking to exercise his or her redemption rights. After the business combination was approved, the company would contact
such shareholder to arrange for him or her to deliver his or her certificate to verify ownership. As a result, the shareholder then had
an option window after the completion of the business combination during which he or she could monitor the price of the
company s shares in the market. If the price rose above the redemption price, he or she could sell his or her shares in the open
market before actually delivering his or her shares to the company for cancellation. As a result, the redemption rights, to which shareholders
were aware they needed to commit before the general meeting, would become option rights surviving past the completion of
the business combination until the redeeming holder delivered its certificate. The requirement for physical or electronic delivery prior
to the meeting ensures that a redeeming shareholder s election to redeem is irrevocable once the business combination is approved. 

12 

Any
request to redeem such shares, once made, may be withdrawn at any time up to two business days prior to the initially scheduled vote
on the proposal to approve the business combination, unless otherwise agreed to by us. 

Furthermore,
if a holder of a public share delivered its certificate in connection with an election of redemption rights and subsequently decides
prior to the applicable date not to elect to exercise such rights, such holder may simply request that the transfer agent return the
certificate (physically or electronically). It is anticipated that the funds to be distributed to holders of our public shares electing
to redeem their shares will be distributed promptly after the completion of our initial business combination. 

If
our initial business combination is not approved or completed for any reason, then our public shareholders who elected to exercise their
redemption rights would not be entitled to redeem their shares for the applicable pro rata share of the trust account. In such case,
we will promptly return any certificates delivered by public holders who elected to redeem their shares. 

If
our initial proposed business combination is not completed, we may continue to try to complete a business combination with a different
target by the Termination Date. 

Redemption
of Public Shares and Liquidation If No Initial Business Combination 

Our
amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provides that we will have until the Termination Date to consummate an initial
business combination. If we do not consummate an initial business combination by the Termination Date, we will: (i) cease all operations
except for the purpose of winding up; (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem
the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including
interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our income taxes, if any (less up to
 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of the then-outstanding public shares, which redemption will
completely extinguish public shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions,
if any); and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining shareholders
and our board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii) to our obligations under Cayman Islands
law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. There will be no redemption rights or liquidating
distributions with respect to our warrants, which will expire worthless if we fail to consummate an initial business combination by the
Termination Date. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provides that, if we wind up for any other reason prior
to the consummation of our initial business combination, we will follow the foregoing procedures with respect to the liquidation of the
trust account as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, subject to applicable Cayman Islands
law. 

Our
sponsor and each member of our team have entered into an agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their rights
to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to any founder shares they hold if we fail to consummate an initial
business combination by the Termination Date (although they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account with
respect to any public shares they hold if we fail to complete our initial business combination by the Termination Date). 

13 

Our
sponsor, executive officers, directors and director nominees have agreed, pursuant to a written agreement with us, that they will not
propose any amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A)that would modify the substance or timing
of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial
business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination by the Termination
Date, or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares or pre-initial business
combination activity, unless we provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their public shares upon approval of any
such amendment at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest
earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our income taxes, if any, divided by the number
of the then-outstanding public shares. However, we may not redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets
to be less than 5,000,001 (so that we do not then become subject to the SEC s penny stock rules). If this optional
redemption right is exercised with respect to an excessive number of public shares such that we cannot satisfy the net tangible asset
requirement, we would not proceed with the amendment or the related redemption of our public shares at such time. This redemption right
shall apply in the event of the approval of any such amendment, whether proposed by our sponsor, any executive officer, director or director
nominee, or any other person. 

We
expect that all costs and expenses associated with implementing our plan of dissolution, as well as payments to any creditors, will be
funded from amounts remaining out of the 1,000,000 of proceeds held outside the trust account plus up to 100,000 of funds from the
trust account available to us to pay dissolution expenses, although we cannot assure you that there will be sufficient funds for such
purpose. 

If
we were to expend all of the net proceeds of the IPO and the sale of the private placement warrants, other than the proceeds deposited
in the trust account, and without taking into account interest, if any, earned on the trust account, the per-share redemption amount
received by shareholders upon our dissolution would be 10.00. The proceeds deposited in the trust account could, however, become subject
to the claims of our creditors which would have higher priority than the claims of our public shareholders. We cannot assure you that
the actual per-share redemption amount received by shareholders will not be less than 10.00. While we intend to pay such amounts, if
any, we cannot assure you that we will have funds sufficient to pay or provide for all creditors claims. 

Although
we will seek to have all vendors, service providers (excluding our independent registered public accounting firm), prospective target
businesses and other entities with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any
kind in or to any monies held in the trust account for the benefit of our public shareholders, there is no guarantee that they will execute
such agreements or even if they execute such agreements that they would be prevented from bringing claims against the trust account including
but not limited to fraudulent inducement, breach of fiduciary responsibility or other similar claims, as well as claims challenging the
enforceability of the waiver, in each case in order to gain an advantage with respect to a claim against our assets, including the funds
held in the trust account. If any third party refuses to execute an agreement waiving such claims to the monies held in the trust account,
our team will perform an analysis of the alternatives available to it and will only enter into an agreement with a third party that has
not executed a waiver if our team believes that such third party s engagement would be significantly more beneficial to us than
any alternative. Examples of possible instances where we may engage a third party that refuses to execute a waiver include the engagement
of a third party consultant whose particular expertise or skills are believed by our team to be significantly superior to those of other
consultants that would agree to execute a waiver or in cases where our team is unable to find a service provider willing to execute a
waiver. The underwriters will not execute agreements with us waiving such claims to the monies held in the trust account. In addition,
there is no guarantee that such entities will agree to waive any claims they may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of,
any negotiations, contracts or agreements with us and will not seek recourse against the trust account for any reason. In order to protect
the amounts held in the trust account, our sponsor has agreed that it will be liable to us if and to the extent any claims by a vendor
for services rendered or products sold to us, or a prospective target business with which we have discussed entering into a transaction
agreement, reduce the amounts in the trust account to below the lesser of (i) 10.00 per public share and (ii) the actual amount per
public share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account if less than 10.00 per public share due
to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case net of the interest that may be withdrawn to pay our tax obligations, provided
that such liability will not apply to any claims by a third party or prospective target business who executed a waiver of any and all
rights to seek access to the trust account nor will it apply to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of the IPO against
certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. In the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable
against a third party, our sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third party claims. However, we have
not asked our sponsor to reserve for such indemnification obligations, nor have we independently verified whether our sponsor has sufficient
funds to satisfy its indemnity obligations and we believe that our sponsor s only assets are securities of our company. Our sponsor
may not be able to satisfy those obligations. None of our officers or directors will indemnify us for claims by third parties including,
without limitation, claims by vendors and prospective target businesses. 

14 

In
the event that the proceeds in the trust account are reduced below the lesser of (i) 10.00 per public share and the actual amount per
public share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account if less than 10.00 per public share due
to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case net of the interest that may be withdrawn to pay our tax obligations, and
our sponsor asserts that it is unable to satisfy its indemnification obligations or that it has no indemnification obligations related
to a particular claim, our independent directors would determine whether to take legal action against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification
obligations. While we currently expect that our independent directors would take legal action on our behalf against our sponsor to enforce
its indemnification obligations to us, it is possible that our independent directors in exercising their business judgment may choose
not to do so in any particular instance. Accordingly, we cannot assure you that due to claims of creditors the actual value of the per-share
redemption price will not be less than 10.00 per public share. 

We
will seek to reduce the possibility that our sponsor will have to indemnify the trust account due to claims of creditors by endeavoring
to have all vendors, service providers (excluding our independent registered public accounting firm), prospective target businesses or
other entities with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to
monies held in the trust account. Our sponsor will also not be liable as to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of the
IPO against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. We will have access to up to 1,000,000 from the proceeds
of the IPO and the sale of the private placement warrants with which to pay any such potential claims (including costs and expenses incurred
in connection with our liquidation, currently estimated to be no more than approximately 100,000). In the event that we liquidate and
it is subsequently determined that the reserve for claims and liabilities is insufficient, shareholders who received funds from our trust
account could be liable for claims made by creditors; however such liability will not be greater than the amount of funds from our trust
account received by any such shareholder. In the event that our offering expenses exceed our estimate of 1,000,000, we may fund such
excess with funds from the funds not to be held in the trust account. In such case, the amount of funds we intend to be held outside
the trust account would decrease by a corresponding amount. Conversely, in the event that the offering expenses are less than our estimate
of 1,000,000, the amount of funds we intend to be held outside the trust account would increase by a corresponding amount. 

If
we file a bankruptcy or insolvency petition or an involuntary bankruptcy or insolvency petition is filed against us that is not dismissed,
the proceeds held in the trust account could be subject to applicable bankruptcy law, and may be included in our bankruptcy estate and
subject to the claims of third parties with priority over the claims of our shareholders. To the extent any bankruptcy claims deplete
the trust account, we cannot assure you we will be able to return 10.00 per public share to our public shareholders. Additionally, if
we file a bankruptcy or insolvency petition or an involuntary bankruptcy or insolvency petition is filed against us that is not dismissed,
any distributions received by shareholders could be viewed under applicable debtor/creditor and/or bankruptcy laws as either a preferential
transfer or a fraudulent conveyance. 

As
a result, a bankruptcy or insolvency court could seek to recover some or all amounts received by our shareholders. Furthermore, our board
of directors may be viewed as having breached its fiduciary duty to our creditors and/or may have acted in bad faith, and thereby exposing
itself and our company to claims of punitive damages, by paying public shareholders from the trust account prior to addressing the claims
of creditors. We cannot assure you that claims will not be brought against us for these reasons. 

Our
public shareholders will be entitled to receive funds from the trust account only (i) in the event of the redemption of our public shares
if we do not consummate an initial business combination by the Termination Date from the closing of the IPO, (ii) in connection with
a shareholder vote to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) to modify the substance or timing of
our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial
business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination by the Termination
Date, or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares or pre-initial business
combination activity, and (iii) if they redeem their respective shares for cash upon the completion of the initial business combination.
Public shareholders who redeem their Class A ordinary shares in connection with a shareholder vote described in clause (ii) in the preceding
sentence shall not be entitled to funds from the trust account upon the subsequent completion of an initial business combination or liquidation
if we have not consummated an initial business combination by the Termination Date, with respect to such Class A ordinary shares so redeemed.
In no other circumstances will a shareholder have any right or interest of any kind to or in the trust account. In the event we seek
shareholder approval in connection with our initial business combination, a shareholder s voting in connection with the business
combination alone will not result in a shareholder s redeeming its shares to us for an applicable pro rata share of the trust account.
Such shareholder must have also exercised its redemption rights described above. These provisions of our amended and restated memorandum
and articles of association, like all provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, may be amended with
a shareholder vote. 

15 

Conflicts
of Interest 

Any
of our officers and directors may have additional fiduciary or contractual obligations to another entity pursuant to which such officer
or director is or will be required to present a business combination opportunity to such entity. 

Accordingly,
if any of our officers or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity which is suitable for an entity to which he or
she has then- current fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she will honor his or her fiduciary or contractual obligations to present
such business combination opportunity to such entity, subject to their fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law. Our amended and restated
memorandum and articles of association provide that, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law: (i) no individual serving as
a director or an officer shall have any duty, except and to the extent expressly assumed by contract, to refrain from engaging directly
or indirectly in the same or similar business activities or lines of business as us; and (ii) we renounce any interest or expectancy
in, or in being offered an opportunity to participate in, any potential transaction or matter which may be a corporate opportunity for
any director or officer on the one hand, and us, on the other. We do not believe, however, that the fiduciary duties or contractual obligations
of our officers or directors will materially affect our ability to complete our initial business combination. 

Facilities 

We
currently maintain our executive offices at 200 Park Avenue, 32nd Floor New York, NY, 10166. The cost for our use of this space is included
in the fee of up to 10,000 per month that we have paid to our sponsor and that we have paid to our sponsor and will continue to pay
to our New Sponsor for office space, administrative and support services, and other obligations of our sponsor. We consider our current
office space adequate for our current operations. 

Employees 

We
currently have four executive officers Chandra R. Patel, Richard C. Davis, Jarett Goldman and Graeme Shaw. These individuals are
not obligated to devote any specific number of hours to our matters but they intend to devote as much of their time as they deem necessary
to our affairs until we have completed our initial business combination. The amount of time they will devote in any time period will
vary based on whether a target business has been selected for our initial business combination and the stage of the business combination
process we are in. We do not intend to have any full time employees prior to the completion of our initial business combination. 

Item
1A. Risk Factors 

An
investment in our securities involves a high degree of risk. You should consider carefully all of the risks described below, together
with the other information contained in this Annual Report, before making a decision to invest in our securities. If any of the following
events occur, our business, financial condition and operating results may be materially adversely affected. In that event, the trading
price of our securities could decline, and you could lose all or part of your investment. 

16 

Risks
Relating to Liquidity and Going Concern 

As of December 31, 2022, the Company had 37,743 in its operating bank
account, and a working capital deficit of 1,161,579. 

The
Company is within 12 months of its mandatory liquidation as of the time of filing. In connection with the Company s assessment
of going concern considerations in accordance with Accounting Standards Update ASU 2014-15, Disclosures of Uncertainties
about an Entity s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern, the liquidity condition and mandatory liquidation raise substantial
doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern until the earlier of the consummation of the Business Combination
or the Termination Date. 

These
financial statements do not include any adjustments relating to the recovery of the recorded assets or the classification of the liabilities
that might be necessary should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern. 

As
such, management plans to consummate a business combination prior to the mandatory liquidation date. If the Company s estimates
of the costs of identifying a target business, undertaking in-depth due diligence and negotiating a Business Combination are less than
the actual amount necessary to do so, the Company may have insufficient funds available to operate its business prior to an Initial Business
Combination. Moreover, the Company may need to obtain additional financing either to complete an Initial Business Combination or because
it becomes obligated to redeem a significant number of its public shares upon completion of an Initial Business Combination, in which
case the Company may issue additional securities or incur debt in connection with such Initial Business Combination 

Risks
Relating to Searching for and Consummating a Business Combination 

Our
shareholders may not be afforded an opportunity to vote on our proposed initial business combination, which means we may complete our
initial business combination even though a majority of our shareholders do not support such a combination. 

We
may not hold a shareholder vote to approve our initial business combination unless the business combination would require shareholder
approval under applicable Cayman Islands law or stock exchange listing requirements or if we decide to hold a shareholder vote for business
or other reasons. For instance, the NYSE rules currently allow us to engage in a tender offer in lieu of a general meeting but would
still require us to obtain shareholder approval if we were seeking to issue more than 20 of our issued and outstanding shares to a target
business as consideration in any business combination. 

Therefore,
if we were structuring a business combination that required us to issue more than 20 of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares,
we would seek shareholder approval of such business combination. However, except as required by applicable law or stock exchange rule,
the decision as to whether we will seek shareholder approval of a proposed business combination or will allow shareholders to sell their
shares to us in a tender offer will be made by us, solely in our discretion, and will be based on a variety of factors, such as the timing
of the transaction and whether the terms of the transaction would otherwise require us to seek shareholder approval. Accordingly, we
may consummate our initial business combination even if holders of a majority of the outstanding ordinary shares do not approve of the
business combination we consummate. Please see the section entitled Business Shareholders May Not Have the Ability to Approve
Our Initial Business Combination for additional information. 

17 

Your
only opportunity to affect the investment decision regarding a potential business combination may be limited to the exercise of your
right to redeem your shares from us for cash. 

At
the time of your investment in us, you will not be provided with an opportunity to evaluate the specific merits or risks of any target
businesses. Since our board of directors may complete a business combination without seeking shareholder approval, public shareholders
may not have the right or opportunity to vote on the business combination, unless we seek such shareholder approval. Accordingly, your
only opportunity to affect the investment decision regarding a potential business combination may be limited to exercising your redemption
rights within the period of time (which will be at least 20 business days) set forth in our tender offer documents mailed to our public
shareholders in which we describe our initial business combination. 

If
we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination, our sponsor and members of our team have agreed to vote in favor of
such initial business combination, regardless of how our public shareholders vote. 

Our
Sponsor owned, on an as-converted basis, 20 of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares immediately following the completion of
our initial public offering. On January 24, 2023, we held an Extension Meeting to, in part, amend our amended and restated
memorandum and articles of association to extend the date by which we have to consummate a business combination. In connection with
that vote, the holders of 26,506,157 Class A ordinary shares of the Company properly exercised their right to redeem their shares.
Accordingly, our initial shareholders currently own, on an as-converted basis, approximately 63.3 of our outstanding ordinary
shares. Our sponsor and members of our team also may from time to time purchase Class A ordinary shares prior to the completion of
our initial business combination. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provides that, if we seek
shareholder approval, we will complete our initial business combination only if we receive approval pursuant to an ordinary
resolution under Cayman Islands law, which requires the affirmative vote of a majority of the shareholders who attend and vote at a
general meeting of the company. 

The
ability of our public shareholders to redeem their shares for cash may make our financial condition unattractive to potential business
combination targets, which may make it difficult for us to enter into a business combination with a target. 

We
may seek to enter into a business combination transaction agreement with a prospective target that requires as a closing condition that
we have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash. If too many public shareholders exercise their redemption rights, we would not
be able to meet such closing condition and, as a result, would not be able to proceed with the business combination. 

Furthermore,
in no event will we redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 (so that
we do not then become subject to the SEC s penny stock rules). Consequently, if accepting all properly submitted
redemption requests would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 or such greater amount necessary to satisfy a closing
condition as described above, we would not proceed with such redemption and the related business combination and may instead search for
an alternate business combination. Prospective targets will be aware of these risks and, thus, may be reluctant to enter into a business
combination transaction with us. 

The
ability of our public shareholders to exercise redemption rights with respect to a large number of our shares may not allow us to complete
the most desirable business combination or optimize our capital structure. 

At
the time we enter into an agreement for our initial business combination, we will not know how many shareholders may exercise their redemption
rights, and therefore will need to structure the transaction based on our expectations as to the number of shares that will be submitted
for redemption. 

18 

If
a large number of shares are submitted for redemption, we may need to restructure the transaction to reserve a greater portion of the
cash in the trust account or arrange for additional third party financing. Raising additional third party financing may involve dilutive
equity issuances or the incurrence of indebtedness at higher than desirable levels. The above considerations may limit our ability to
complete the most desirable business combination available to us or optimize our capital structure. The amount of the deferred underwriting
commissions payable to the underwriters will not be adjusted for any shares that are redeemed in connection with an initial business
combination. The per-share amount we will distribute to shareholders who properly exercise their redemption rights will not be reduced
by the deferred underwriting commission and after such redemptions, the amount held in trust will continue to reflect our obligation
to pay the entire deferred underwriting commissions. 

The
ability of our public shareholders to exercise redemption rights with respect to a large number of our shares could increase the probability
that our initial business combination would be unsuccessful and that you would have to wait for liquidation in order to redeem your shares. 

If
our initial business combination agreement requires us to use a portion of the cash in the trust account to pay the purchase price, or
requires us to have a minimum amount of cash at closing, the probability that our initial business combination would be unsuccessful
is increased. If our initial business combination is unsuccessful, you would not receive your pro rata portion of the funds in the trust
account until we liquidate the trust account. If you are in need of immediate liquidity, you could attempt to sell your shares in the
open market; however, at such time our shares may trade at a discount to the pro rata amount per share in the trust account. In either
situation, you may suffer a material loss on your investment or lose the benefit of funds expected in connection with our redemption
until we liquidate or you are able to sell your shares in the open market. 

The
requirement that we consummate an initial business combination by the Termination Date, may give potential target businesses leverage
over us in negotiating a business combination and may limit the time we have in which to conduct due diligence on potential business
combination targets, in particular as we approach our dissolution deadline, which could undermine our ability to complete our initial
business combination on terms that would produce value for our shareholders. 

Any
potential target business with which we enter into negotiations concerning a business combination will be aware that we must consummate
an initial business combination by the Termination Date. 

Consequently,
such target business may obtain leverage over us in negotiating a business combination, knowing that if we do not complete our initial
business combination within the required time period with that particular target business, we may be unable to complete our initial business
combination with any target business. This risk will increase as we get closer to the timeframe described above. In addition, we may
have limited time to conduct due diligence and may enter into our initial business combination on terms that we would have rejected upon
a more comprehensive investigation. 

Our
search for a business combination, and any target business with which we ultimately consummate a business combination, may be materially
adversely affected by the ongoing effects of the coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic and the status of debt and equity markets. 

In
March 2020, the World Health Organization declared novel coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) a global pandemic. The COVID-19 pandemic
negatively impacted the global economy, disrupted global supply chains, lowered equity market valuations, created significant volatility
and disruption in financial markets, and increased unemployment levels, all of which may become heightened concerns upon a second wave
of infection or future developments. In addition, the pandemic resulted in temporary closures of many businesses and the institution
of social distancing and sheltering in place requirements in many states and communities. The COVID-19 pandemic has and a significant
outbreak of other infectious diseases could result in a widespread health crisis that could adversely affect the economies and financial
markets worldwide, and the business of any potential target business with which we consummate a business combination could be materially
and adversely affected. 

19 

Despite
the loosening of COVID-19 measures in 2022, we may be unable to complete a business combination if concerns relating to COVID-19 reintroduce
restrictions to travel, limiting the ability to have meetings with potential investors or the target business s personnel, vendors
and services providers are unavailable to negotiate and consummate a transaction in a timely manner. If the disruptions posed by COVID-19
re-emerge or other matters of global concern continue for an extensive period of time, our ability to consummate a business combination,
or the operations of a target business with which we ultimately consummate a business combination, may be materially adversely affected.
In addition, our ability to consummate a transaction may be dependent on the ability to raise equity and debt financing which may be
impacted by the re-emergence of COVID-19 and other events, including as a result of increased market volatility, decreased market liquidity
and third-party financing being unavailable on terms acceptable to us or at all. 

We depend on a variety of U.S. and multi-national financial institutions
to provide us with banking services. The default or failure of one or more of the financial institutions that we rely on may adversely
affect our business and financial condition . 

We maintain the majority of our cash and cash equivalents in accounts
with major U.S. and multi-national financial institutions, and our deposits at certain of these institutions exceed insured limits. Market
conditions can impact the viability of these institutions. In the event of the failure of any of the financial institutions where we maintain
our cash and cash equivalents, there can be no assurance that we would be able to access uninsured funds in a timely manner or at all.
Any inability to access or delay in accessing these funds could adversely affect our liquidity, business and financial condition. 

We
may not be able to consummate an initial business combination by the Termination Date, in which case we would cease all operations except
for the purpose of winding up and we would redeem our public shares and liquidate. 

We
may not be able to find a suitable target business and consummate an initial business combination by the Termination Date after the closing
of the IPO. Our ability to complete our initial business combination may be negatively impacted by general market conditions, volatility
in the capital and debt markets and the other risks described herein. For example, the COVID-19 pandemic may continue to negatively impact
businesses we may seek to acquire. In addition, the current U.S. political environment and the resulting uncertainties regarding actual
and potential shifts in U.S. foreign investment, trade, taxation, economic, environmental and other policies under the current administration,
as well as the impact of geopolitical tension, such as a deterioration in the bilateral relationship between the U.S. and China or an
escalation in the current conflict between Russia and Ukraine, could lead to disruption, instability and volatility in the global markets.
If we have not consummated an initial business combination within such applicable time period, we will: (i) cease all operations except
for the purpose of winding up; (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public
shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest
earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our income taxes, if any (less up to 100,000
of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of the then-outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely
extinguish public shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any);
and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining shareholders and our
board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii), to our obligations under Cayman Islands law
to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of
association provides that, if we wind up for any other reason prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, we will
follow the foregoing procedures with respect to the liquidation of the trust account as promptly as reasonably possible but not more
than ten business days thereafter, subject to applicable Cayman Islands law. In either such case, our public shareholders may receive
only 10.00 per public share, or less than 10.00 per public share, on the redemption of their shares, and our warrants will expire worthless.
See If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the trust account could be reduced and the per-share
redemption amount received by shareholders may be less than 10.00 per public share and other risk factors herein. 

20 

If
we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination, our sponsor, directors, executive officers, advisors and their affiliates
may elect to purchase public shares or warrants, which may influence a vote on a proposed business combination and reduce the public
 float of our Class A ordinary shares or public warrants. 

If
we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business
combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our sponsor, directors, executive officers, advisors or their affiliates may purchase
public shares or warrants in privately negotiated transactions or in the open market either prior to or following the completion of our
initial business combination, although they are under no obligation to do so. However, other than as expressly stated herein, they have
no current commitments, plans or intentions to engage in such transactions and have not formulated any terms or conditions for any such
transactions. None of the funds in the trust account will be used to purchase public shares or warrants in such transactions. 

In
the event that our sponsor, directors, executive officers, advisors or their affiliates purchase shares in privately negotiated transactions
from public shareholders who have already elected to exercise their redemption rights, such selling shareholders would be required to
revoke their prior elections to redeem their shares. The purpose of any such transaction could be to (1) vote in favor of the business
combination and thereby increase the likelihood of obtaining shareholder approval of the business combination, (2) reduce the number
of public warrants outstanding or vote such warrants on any matters submitted to the warrant holders for approval in connection with
our initial business combination or (3) satisfy a closing condition in an agreement with a target that requires us to have a minimum
net worth or a certain amount of cash at the closing of our initial business combination, where it appears that such requirement would
otherwise not be met. Any such purchases of our securities may result in the completion of our initial business combination that may
not otherwise have been possible. In addition, if such purchases are made, the public float of our Class A ordinary shares
or public warrants may be reduced and the number of beneficial holders of our securities may be reduced, which may make it difficult
to maintain or obtain the quotation, listing or trading of our securities on a national securities exchange. 

Any
such purchases will be reported pursuant to Section 13 and Section 16 of the Exchange Act to the extent such purchasers are subject to
such reporting requirements. See Business Permitted Purchases and Other Transactions with Respect to Our Securities 
for a description of how our sponsor, directors, executive officers, advisors or their affiliates will select which shareholders to purchase
securities from in any private transaction. 

If
a shareholder fails to receive notice of our offer to redeem our public shares in connection with our initial business combination, or
fails to comply with the procedures for tendering its shares, such shares may not be redeemed. 

We
will comply with the proxy rules or tender offer rules, as applicable, when conducting redemptions in connection with our initial business
combination. Despite our compliance with these rules, if a shareholder fails to receive our proxy solicitation or tender offer materials,
as applicable, such shareholder may not become aware of the opportunity to redeem its shares. In addition, the proxy solicitation or
tender offer materials, as applicable, that we will furnish to holders of our public shares in connection with our initial business combination
will describe the various procedures that must be complied with in order to validly redeem or tender public shares. In the event that
a shareholder fails to comply with these procedures, its shares may not be redeemed. See Business Effecting Our Initial
Business Combination Tendering Share Certificates in Connection with a Tender Offer or Redemption Rights. 

21 

If we do not consummate an initial business
combination by the Termination Date, our public shareholders may be forced to wait beyond the Termination Date before redemption from
our trust account. 

If we do not consummate an initial business combination
within 24 months from the closing of the IPO, the proceeds then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds
held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our income taxes, if any (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution
expenses), will be used to fund the redemption of our public shares, as further described herein. Any redemption of public shareholders
from the trust account will be effected automatically by function of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association prior
to any voluntary winding up. If we are required to wind up, liquidate the trust account and distribute such amount therein, pro rata,
to our public shareholders, as part of any liquidation process, such winding up, liquidation and distribution must comply with the applicable
provisions of the Companies Act. In that case, investors may be forced to wait beyond the Termination Date, before the redemption proceeds
of our trust account become available to them, and they receive the return of their pro rata portion of the proceeds from our trust account.
We have no obligation to return funds to investors prior to the date of our redemption or liquidation unless, prior thereto, we consummate
our initial business combination or amend certain provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, and only
then in cases where investors have sought to redeem their Class A ordinary shares. Only upon our redemption or any liquidation will public
shareholders be entitled to distributions if we do not complete our initial business combination and do not amend certain provisions of
our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provides
that, if we wind up for any other reason prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, we will follow the foregoing procedures
with respect to the liquidation of the trust account as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter,
subject to applicable Cayman Islands law. 

Because we are neither limited to evaluating
a target business in a particular industry sector nor have we selected any specific target businesses with which to pursue our initial
business combination, you will be unable to ascertain the merits or risks of any particular target business s operations. 

We may pursue business combination opportunities
in any sector, except that we will not, under our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, be permitted to effectuate
our initial business combination solely with another blank check company or similar company with nominal operations. Because we have not
yet selected or approached any specific target business with respect to a business combination, there is no basis to evaluate the possible
merits or risks of any particular target business s operations, results of operations, cash flows, liquidity, financial condition
or prospects. To the extent we complete our initial business combination, we may be affected by numerous risks inherent in the business
operations with which we combine. For example, if we combine with a financially unstable business or an entity lacking an established
record of sales or earnings, we may be affected by the risks inherent in the business and operations of a financially unstable or a development
stage entity. 

Although our officers and directors will endeavor
to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target business, we may not properly ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors
or that we will have adequate time to complete due diligence. Furthermore, some of these risks may be outside of our control and leave
us with no ability to control or reduce the chances that those risks will adversely impact a target business. An investment in our units
may not ultimately prove to be more favorable to investors than a direct investment, if such opportunity were available, in a business
combination target. Accordingly, any holders who choose to retain their securities following our initial business combination could suffer
a reduction in the value of their securities. Such holders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value unless they are able
to successfully claim that the reduction was due to the breach by our officers or directors of a duty of care or other fiduciary duty
owed to them, or if they are able to successfully bring a private claim under securities laws that the proxy solicitation or tender offer
materials, as applicable, relating to the business combination contained an actionable material misstatement or material omission. 

22 

We may seek acquisition opportunities in industries
or sectors which may or may not be outside of our founders area of expertise. 

We will consider a business combination outside
of our founders area of expertise if a business combination target is presented to us and we determine that such candidate offers
an attractive acquisition opportunity for our company. Although our team will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in any particular
business combination target, we may not adequately ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors. We also cannot assure you
that an investment in our units will not ultimately prove to be less favorable to investors in the IPO than a direct investment, if an
opportunity were available, in a business combination target. In the event we elect to pursue an acquisition outside of the areas of our
founders expertise, our founders expertise may not be directly applicable to its evaluation or operation, and the information
contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K regarding the areas of our founders expertise would not be relevant to an understanding
of the business that we elect to acquire. As a result, our team may not be able to adequately ascertain or assess all of the significant
risk factors. Accordingly, any holders who choose to retain their securities following our initial business combination could suffer a
reduction in the value of their securities. Such holders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value unless they are able
to successfully claim that the reduction was due to the breach by our officers or directors of a duty of care or other fiduciary duty
owed to them, or if they are able to successfully bring a private claim under securities laws that the proxy solicitation or tender offer
materials, as applicable, relating to the business combination contained an actionable material misstatement or material omission. 

Although we have identified general criteria
that we believe are important in evaluating prospective target businesses, we may enter into our initial business combination with a target
that does not meet such criteria, and as a result, the target business with which we enter into our initial business combination may not
have attributes entirely consistent with our general criteria. 

Although we have identified general criteria for
evaluating prospective target businesses, it is possible that a target business with which we enter into our initial business combination
will not have all of these positive attributes. If we complete our initial business combination with a target that does not meet some
or all of these criteria, such combination may not be as successful as a combination with a business that does meet all of our general
criteria. In addition, if we announce a prospective business combination with a target that does not meet our general criteria, a greater
number of shareholders may exercise their redemption rights, which may make it difficult for us to meet any closing condition with a target
business that requires us to have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash. In addition, if shareholder approval of the transaction
is required by applicable law or stock exchange rule, or we decide to obtain shareholder approval for business or other reasons, it may
be more difficult for us to attain shareholder approval of our initial business combination if the target business does not meet our general
criteria. If we do not complete our initial business combination within the required time period, our public shareholders may receive
only approximately 10.00 per public share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our trust account and our warrants
will expire worthless. 

We are not required to obtain an opinion from
an independent accounting or investment banking firm, and consequently, you may have no assurance from an independent source that the
price we are paying for the business is fair to our shareholders from a financial point of view. 

Unless we complete our initial business combination
with an affiliated entity, we are not required to obtain an opinion from an independent accounting firm or valuation firm or independent
investment banking firm that the price we are paying is fair to our shareholders from a financial point of view. If no opinion is obtained,
our shareholders will be relying on the judgment of our board of directors, who will determine fair market value based on standards generally
accepted by the financial community. Such standards used will be disclosed in our proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable,
related to our initial business combination. 

23 

We may only be able to complete one business
combination with the proceeds of the IPO and the sale of the private placement warrants, which will cause us to be solely dependent on
a single business which may have a limited number of products or services. This lack of diversification may negatively impact our operations
and profitability. 

The net proceeds from the IPO and the sale of the
private placement warrants provided us with 299,150,000 that we may use to complete our initial business combination (after taking into
account the 10,850,000 of deferred underwriting commissions being held in the trust account and the estimated expenses of the IPO). On
January 24, 2023, we held an Extension Meeting to, in part, amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association to extend
the date by which we have to consummate a business combination. In connection with that vote, the holders of 26,506,157 Class A ordinary
shares of the Company properly exercised their right to redeem their shares for an aggregate price of approximately 10.167 per share,
for an aggregate redemption amount of approximately 269,485,746. After the satisfaction of such redemptions, the balance in our trust
account was approximately 46,138,503. 

We may effectuate our initial business combination
with a single target business or multiple target businesses simultaneously or within a short period of time. However, we may not be able
to effectuate our initial business combination with more than one target business because of various factors, including the existence
of complex accounting issues and the requirement that we prepare and file pro forma financial statements with the SEC that present operating
results and the financial condition of several target businesses as if they had been operated on a combined basis. By completing our initial
business combination with only a single entity, our lack of diversification may subject us to numerous economic, competitive and regulatory
developments. Further, we would not be able to diversify our operations or benefit from the possible spreading of risks or offsetting
of losses, unlike other entities which may have the resources to complete several business combinations in different industries or different
areas of a single industry. Accordingly, the prospects for our success may be: 

solely dependent upon the performance of a single business,
property or asset; or 

dependent upon the development or market acceptance of a single
or limited number of products, processes or services. 

This lack of diversification may subject us to
numerous economic, competitive and regulatory risks, any or all of which may have a substantial adverse impact upon the particular industry
in which we may operate subsequent to our initial business combination. 

We may attempt to simultaneously complete business
combinations with multiple prospective targets, which may hinder our ability to complete our initial business combination and give rise
to increased costs and risks that could negatively impact our operations and profitability. 

If we determine to simultaneously acquire several
businesses that are owned by different sellers, we will need for each of such sellers to agree that our purchase of its business is contingent
on the simultaneous closings of the other business combinations, which may make it more difficult for us, and delay our ability, to complete
our initial business combination. With multiple business combinations, we could also face additional risks, including additional burdens
and costs with respect to possible multiple negotiations and due diligence (if there are multiple sellers) and the additional risks associated
with the subsequent assimilation of the operations and services or products of the acquired companies in a single operating business.
If we are unable to adequately address these risks, it could negatively impact our profitability and results of operations. 

We may attempt to complete our initial business
combination with a private company about which little information is available, which may result in a business combination with a company
that is not as profitable as we suspected, if at all. 

In pursuing our acquisition strategy, we may seek
to effectuate our initial business combination with a privately held company. Very little public information generally exists about private
companies, and we could be required to make our decision on whether to pursue a potential initial business combination on the basis of
limited information, which may result in a business combination with a company that is not as profitable as we suspected, if at all. 

24 

Because we must furnish our shareholders with
target business financial statements, we may lose the ability to complete an otherwise advantageous initial business combination with
some prospective target businesses. 

The federal proxy rules require that a proxy statement
with respect to a vote on our proposed business combination include historical and/or pro forma financial statement disclosure. We will
include the same financial statement disclosure in connection with our tender offer documents, whether or not they are required under
the tender offer rules. These financial statements may be required to be prepared in accordance with, or be reconciled to, accounting
principles generally accepted in the United States of America, or GAAP, or international financial reporting standards as issued by the
International Accounting Standards Board, or IFRS, depending on the circumstances and the historical financial statements may be required
to be audited in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), or PCAOB. These financial
statement requirements may limit the pool of potential target businesses we may acquire because some targets may be unable to provide
such statements in time for us to disclose such statements in accordance with federal proxy rules and complete our initial business combination
by the Termination Date. 

We may seek business combination opportunities
with a high degree of complexity that require significant operational improvements, which could delay or prevent us from achieving our
desired results. 

We may seek business combination opportunities
with large, highly complex companies that we believe would benefit from operational improvements. While we intend to implement such improvements,
to the extent that our efforts are delayed or we are unable to achieve the desired improvements, the business combination may not be as
successful as we anticipate. 

To the extent we complete our initial business
combination with a large complex business or entity with a complex operating structure, we may also be affected by numerous risks inherent
in the operations of the business with which we combine, which could delay or prevent us from implementing our strategy. Although our
team will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target business and its operations, we may not be able to properly ascertain
or assess all of the significant risk factors until we complete our business combination. If we are not able to achieve our desired operational
improvements, or the improvements take longer to implement than anticipated, we may not achieve the gains that we anticipate. Furthermore,
some of these risks and complexities may be outside of our control and leave us with no ability to control or reduce the chances that
those risks and complexities will adversely impact a target business. Such combination may not be as successful as a combination with
a smaller, less complex organization. 

Risks Relating to Our Securities 

We are a recently incorporated company with
no operating history and no revenues, and you have no basis on which to evaluate our ability to achieve our business objective. 

We are a recently incorporated company established
under the laws of the Cayman Islands with no operating results, and we will not commence operations until obtaining funding through the
IPO. Because we lack an operating history, you have no basis upon which to evaluate our ability to achieve our business objective of completing
our initial business combination with one or more target businesses. We have no plans, arrangements or understandings with any prospective
target business concerning a business combination and may be unable to complete our initial business combination. If we fail to complete
our initial business combination, we will never generate any operating revenues. 

You will not have any rights or interests in
funds from the trust account, except under certain limited circumstances. Therefore, to liquidate your investment, you may be forced to
sell your public shares or warrants, potentially at a loss. 

Our public shareholders will be entitled to receive
funds from the trust account only upon the earlier to occur of: (i) our completion of an initial business combination, and then only in
connection with those Class A ordinary shares that such shareholder properly elected to redeem, subject to the limitations described herein,
(ii) the redemption of any public shares properly tendered in connection with a shareholder vote to amend our amended and restated memorandum
and articles of association (A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares
the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if
we do not complete our initial business combination by the Termination Date, or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the
rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares or pre-initial business combination activity, and (iii) the redemption of our public
shares if we have not consummated an initial business by the Termination Date. Public shareholders who redeem their Class A ordinary shares
in connection with a shareholder vote described in clause (ii) in the preceding sentence shall not be entitled to funds from the trust
account upon the subsequent completion of an initial business combination or liquidation if we have not consummated an initial business
combination by the Termination Date, with respect to such Class A ordinary shares so redeemed. In no other circumstances will a shareholder
have any right or interest of any kind to or in the trust account. Holders of warrants will not have any right to the proceeds held in
the trust account with respect to the warrants. Accordingly, to liquidate your investment, you may be forced to sell your public shares
or warrants, potentially at a loss. 

25 

NYSE may delist our securities from trading
on its exchange, which could limit investors ability to make transactions in our securities and subject us to additional trading
restrictions. 

Our units, Class A ordinary shares and warrants
are listed on the NYSE. Although we expect to continue to meet the minimum initial listing standards set forth in NYSE s listing
standards, our securities may not be, or may not continue to be, listed on NYSE in the future or prior to the completion of our initial
business combination. In order to continue listing our securities on NYSE prior to the completion of our initial business combination,
we must maintain certain financial, distribution and share price levels. Generally, we must maintain a minimum amount in shareholders 
equity (generally 1,100,000) and a minimum number of holders of our securities (generally 400 public holders). Additionally, our units
will not be traded after completion of our initial business combination and, in connection with our initial business combination, we will
be required to demonstrate compliance with NYSE s initial listing requirements, which are more rigorous than NYSE s continued
listing requirements, in order to continue to maintain the listing of our securities on NYSE. For instance, the share price of our securities
would generally be required to be at least 4.00 per share and our shareholders equity would generally be required to be at least
 5,000,000 and we would be required to have a minimum of 400 round-lot holders. We may not be able to meet those initial listing requirements
at that time. 

If NYSE delists our securities from trading on
its exchange and we are not able to list our securities on another national securities exchange, we expect our securities could be quoted
on an over-the-counter market. If this were to occur, we could face significant material adverse consequences, including: 

a limited availability of market quotations for our securities; reduced liquidity for our securities; 

a determination that our Class A ordinary shares are a penny stock which will require brokers trading in our Class A
ordinary shares to adhere to more stringent rules and possibly result in a reduced level of trading activity in the secondary trading
market for our securities; 

a limited amount of news and analyst coverage; and 

a decreased ability to issue additional securities or obtain additional financing in the future. 

The National Securities Markets Improvement Act
of 1996, which is a federal statute, prevents or preempts the states from regulating the sale of certain securities, which are referred
to as covered securities. Because we expect that our units and eventually our Class A ordinary shares and warrants will
be listed on NYSE, our units, Class A ordinary shares and warrants will qualify as covered securities under the statute. Although the
states are preempted from regulating the sale of covered securities, the federal statute does allow the states to investigate companies
if there is a suspicion of fraud, and, if there is a finding of fraudulent activity, then the states can regulate or bar the sale of covered
securities in a particular case. While we are not aware of a state having used these powers to prohibit or restrict the sale of securities
issued by blank check companies, other than the State of Idaho, certain state securities regulators view blank check companies unfavorably
and might use these powers, or threaten to use these powers, to hinder the sale of securities of blank check companies in their states.
Further, if we were no longer listed on NYSE, our securities would not qualify as covered securities under the statute and we would be
subject to regulation in each state in which we offer our securities. 

26 

You will not be entitled to protections normally
afforded to investors of many other blank check companies. 

Since the net proceeds of the IPO and the sale
of the private placement warrants are intended to be used to complete an initial business combination with a target business that has
not been selected, we may be deemed to be a blank check company under the United States securities laws. However, because
we will have net tangible assets in excess of 5,000,000 upon the completion of the IPO and the sale of the private placement warrants
and will file a Current Report on Form 8-K, including an audited balance sheet demonstrating this fact, we are exempt from rules promulgated
by the SEC to protect investors in blank check companies, such as Rule 419. Accordingly, investors will not be afforded the benefits or
protections of those rules. Among other things, this means our units will be immediately tradable and we will have a longer period of
time to complete our initial business combination than do companies subject to Rule 419. Moreover, if the IPO were subject to Rule 419,
that rule would prohibit the release of any interest earned on funds held in the trust account to us unless and until the funds in the
trust account were released to us in connection with our completion of an initial business combination. For a more detailed comparison
of our offering to offerings that comply with Rule 419, please see Business Comparison of The IPO to Those of Blank Check
Companies Subject to Rule 419. 

If we seek shareholder approval of our initial
business combination and we do not conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules, and if you or a group of shareholders
are deemed to hold in excess of 15 of our Class A ordinary shares, you will lose the ability to redeem all such shares in excess of 15 
of our Class A ordinary shares. 

If we seek shareholder approval of our initial
business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer
rules, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provides that a public shareholder, together with any affiliate
of such shareholder or any other person with whom such shareholder is acting in concert or as a group (as defined under
Section 13 of the Exchange Act), will be restricted from seeking redemption rights with respect to more than an aggregate of 15 of the
shares sold in the IPO, which we refer to as the Excess Shares, without our prior consent. However, we would not be restricting
our shareholders ability to vote all of their shares (including Excess Shares) for or against our initial business combination.
Your inability to redeem the Excess Shares will reduce your influence over our ability to complete our initial business combination and
you could suffer a material loss on your investment in us if you sell Excess Shares in open market transactions. Additionally, you will
not receive redemption distributions with respect to the Excess Shares if we complete our initial business combination. And as a result,
you will continue to hold that number of shares exceeding 15 and, in order to dispose of such shares, would be required to sell your
shares in open market transactions, potentially at a loss. 

Because of our limited resources and the significant
competition for business combination opportunities, it may be more difficult for us to complete our initial business combination. If we
do not complete our initial business combination within the required time period, our public shareholders may receive only approximately
 10.00 per public share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless. 

We expect to encounter intense competition from
other entities having a business objective similar to ours, including private investors (which may be individuals or investment partnerships),
other blank check companies and other entities, domestic and international, competing for the types of businesses we intend to acquire.
Many of these individuals and entities are well-established and have extensive experience in identifying and effecting, directly or indirectly,
acquisitions of companies operating in or providing services to various industries. Many of these competitors possess greater technical,
human and other resources or more local industry knowledge than we do and our financial resources will be relatively limited when contrasted
with those of many of these competitors. While we believe there are numerous target businesses we could potentially acquire with the net
proceeds of the IPO and the sale of the private placement warrants, our ability to compete with respect to the acquisition of certain
target businesses that are sizable will be limited by our available financial resources. This inherent competitive limitation gives others
an advantage in pursuing the acquisition of certain target businesses. Furthermore, we are obligated to offer holders of our public shares
the right to redeem their shares for cash at the time of our initial business combination in conjunction with a shareholder vote or via
a tender offer. Target companies will be aware that this may reduce the resources available to us for our initial business combination.
Any of these obligations may place us at a competitive disadvantage in successfully negotiating a business combination. If we have not
consummated our initial business combination within the required time period, our public shareholders may receive only approximately 10.00
per public share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless. See
 If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the trust account could be reduced and the per-share redemption
amount received by shareholders may be less than 10.00 per public share and other risk factors herein. 

27 

If the net proceeds of the IPO and the sale
of the private placement warrants not being held in the trust account are insufficient to allow us to operate until the Termination Date,
it could limit the amount available to fund our search for a target business or businesses and complete our initial business combination,
and we will depend on loans from our sponsor or team to fund our search and to complete our initial business combination. 

Of the net proceeds of the IPO and the sale of
the private placement warrants, only 1,000,000 will be available to us initially outside the trust account to fund our working capital
requirements. We believe that, since the closing of the IPO, the funds available to us outside of the trust account, together with funds
available from loans from our sponsor, members of our team or any of their affiliates will be sufficient to allow us to operate until
at least the Termination Date; however, our estimate may not be accurate, and our sponsor, members of our team or any of their affiliates
are under no obligation to advance funds to us in such circumstances. Of the funds available to us, we expect to use a portion of the
funds available to us to pay fees to consultants to assist us with our search for a target business. We could also use a portion of the
funds as a down payment or to fund a no-shop provision (a provision in letters of intent designed to keep target businesses
from shopping around for transactions with other companies or investors on terms more favorable to such target businesses)
with respect to a particular proposed business combination, although we do not have any current intention to do so. If we entered into
a letter of intent where we paid for the right to receive exclusivity from a target business and were subsequently required to forfeit
such funds (whether as a result of our breach or otherwise), we might not have sufficient funds to continue searching for, or conduct
due diligence with respect to, a target business. 

In the event that our offering expenses exceed
our estimate of 1,000,000, we may fund such excess with funds not to be held in the trust account. In such case, unless funded by the
proceeds of loans available from our sponsor, members of our team or any of their affiliates, the amount of funds we intend to be held
outside the trust account would decrease by a corresponding amount. 

Conversely, in the event that the offering expenses
are less than our estimate of 1,000,000, the amount of funds we intend to be held outside the trust account would increase by a corresponding
amount. 

The amount held in the trust account will not be
impacted as a result of such increase or decrease. If we are required to seek additional capital, we would need to borrow funds from our
sponsor, members of our team or any of their affiliates or other third parties to operate or may be forced to liquidate. 

Neither our sponsor, members of our team nor any
of their affiliates is under any obligation to advance funds to us in such circumstances. Any such advances may be repaid only from funds
held outside the trust account or from funds released to us upon completion of our initial business combination. Up to 1,500,000 of such
loans may be convertible into warrants of the post-business combination entity at a price of 1.50 per warrant at the option of the lender.
The warrants would be identical to the private placement warrants. Prior to the completion of our initial business combination, we do
not expect to seek loans from parties other than our sponsor, members of our team or any of their affiliates as we do not believe third
parties will be willing to loan such funds and provide a waiver against any and all rights to seek access to funds in our trust account.
If we do not complete our initial business combination within the required time period because we do not have sufficient funds available
to us, we will be forced to cease operations and liquidate the trust account. Consequently, our public shareholders may only receive an
estimated 10.00 per public share, or possibly less, on our redemption of our public shares, and our warrants will expire worthless. See
 If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the trust account could be reduced and the per-share redemption
amount received by shareholders may be less than 10.00 per public share and other risk factors herein. 

28 

Subsequent to our completion of our initial
business combination, we may be required to take write-downs or write-offs, restructuring and impairment or other charges that could have
a significant negative effect on our financial condition, results of operations and the share price of our securities, which could cause
you to lose some or all of your investment. 

Even if we conduct due diligence on a target business
with which we combine, this diligence may not surface all material issues with a particular target business. In addition, factors outside
of the target business and outside of our control may later arise. As a result of these factors, we may be forced to later write-down
or write-off assets, restructure our operations, or incur impairment or other charges that could result in our reporting losses. Even
if our due diligence successfully identifies certain risks, unexpected risks may arise and previously known risks may materialize in a
manner not consistent with our preliminary risk analysis. Even though these charges may be non-cash items and not have an immediate impact
on our liquidity, the fact that we report charges of this nature could contribute to negative market perceptions about us or our securities.
In addition, charges of this nature may cause us to violate net worth or other covenants to which we may be subject as a result of assuming
pre-existing debt held by a target business or by virtue of our obtaining post-combination debt financing. 

Accordingly, any holders who choose to retain their
securities following the business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their securities. 

Such holders are unlikely to have a remedy for
such reduction in value unless they are able to successfully claim that the reduction was due to the breach by our officers or directors
of a duty of care or other fiduciary duty owed to them, or if they are able to successfully bring a private claim under securities laws
that the proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable, relating to the business combination contained an actionable material
misstatement or material omission. 

If third parties bring claims against us, the
proceeds held in the trust account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by shareholders may be less than 10.00
per public share. 

Our placing of funds in the trust account may not
protect those funds from third party claims against us. Although we will seek to have all vendors, service providers (excluding our independent
registered public accounting firm), prospective target businesses and other entities with which we do business execute agreements with
us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the trust account for the benefit of our public
shareholders, such parties may not execute such agreements, or even if they execute such agreements, they may not be prevented from bringing
claims against the trust account, including, but not limited to, fraudulent inducement, breach of fiduciary responsibility or other similar
claims, as well as claims challenging the enforceability of the waiver, in each case in order to gain advantage with respect to a claim
against our assets, including the funds held in the trust account. If any third party refuses to execute an agreement waiving such claims
to the monies held in the trust account, our founders will perform an analysis of the alternatives available to it and will only enter
into an agreement with a third party that has not executed a waiver if our team believes that such third party s engagement would
be significantly more beneficial to us than any alternative. 

Examples of possible instances where we may engage
a third party that refuses to execute a waiver include the engagement of a third party consultant whose particular expertise or skills
are believed by our team to be significantly superior to those of other consultants that would agree to execute a waiver or in cases where
our team is unable to find a service provider willing to execute a waiver. In addition, there is no guarantee that such entities will
agree to waive any claims they may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of, any negotiations, contracts or agreements with
us and will not seek recourse against the trust account for any reason. Upon redemption of our public shares, if we have not consummated
an initial business combination by the Termination Date, or upon the exercise of a redemption right in connection with our initial business
combination, we will be required to provide for payment of claims of creditors that were not waived that may be brought against us within
the 10 years following redemption. Accordingly, the per-share redemption amount received by public shareholders could be less than the
 10.00 per public share initially held in the trust account, due to claims of such creditors. Pursuant to the letter agreement the form
of which is filed as an exhibit to the registration statement of which this Annual Report on Form 10-K forms a part, our sponsor has agreed
that it will be liable to us if and to the extent any claims by a third party (excluding our independent registered public accounting
firm) for services rendered or products sold to us, or a prospective target business with which we have discussed entering into a transaction
agreement, reduce the amounts in the trust account to below the lesser of (i) 10.00 per public share and (ii) the actual amount per share
held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account if less than 10.00 per public share due to reductions
in the value of the trust assets, in each case net of the interest that may be withdrawn to pay our tax obligations, provided that such
liability will not apply to any claims by a third party or prospective target business who executed a waiver of any and all rights to
seek access to the trust account nor will it apply to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of the IPO against certain liabilities,
including liabilities under the Securities Act. Moreover, in the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a
third party, our sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third party claims. 

29 

However, we have not asked our sponsor to reserve
for such indemnification obligations, nor have we independently verified whether our sponsor has sufficient funds to satisfy its indemnity
obligations and we believe that our sponsor s only assets are securities of our company. Our sponsor may not be able to satisfy
those obligations. None of our officers or directors will indemnify us for claims by third parties including, without limitation, claims
by vendors and prospective target businesses. 

Our directors may decide not to enforce the
indemnification obligations of our sponsor, resulting in a reduction in the amount of funds in the trust account available for distribution
to our public shareholders. 

In the event that the proceeds in the trust account
are reduced below the lesser of (i) 10.00 per public share and (ii) the actual amount per share held in the trust account as of the date
of the liquidation of the trust account if less than 10.00 per public share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each
case net of the interest that may be withdrawn to pay our tax obligations, and our sponsor asserts that it is unable to satisfy its obligations
or that it has no indemnification obligations related to a particular claim, our independent directors would determine whether to take
legal action against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations. While we currently expect that our independent directors
would take legal action on our behalf against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations to us, it is possible that our independent
directors in exercising their business judgment and subject to their fiduciary duties may choose not to do so in any particular instance.
If our independent directors choose not to enforce these indemnification obligations, the amount of funds in the trust account available
for distribution to our public shareholders may be reduced below 10.00 per public share. 

If, after we distribute the proceeds in the
trust account to our public shareholders, we file a bankruptcy or insolvency petition or an involuntary bankruptcy or insolvency petition
is filed against us that is not dismissed, a bankruptcy or insolvency court may seek to recover such proceeds, and the members of our
board of directors may be viewed as having breached their fiduciary duties to our creditors, thereby exposing the members of our board
of directors and us to claims of punitive damages. 

If, after we distribute the proceeds in the trust
account to our public shareholders, we file a bankruptcy or insolvency petition or an involuntary bankruptcy or insolvency petition is
filed against us that is not dismissed, any distributions received by shareholders could be viewed under applicable debtor/ creditor and/or
bankruptcy laws as either a preferential transfer or a fraudulent conveyance. As a result, a bankruptcy or
insolvency court could seek to recover some or all amounts received by our shareholders. In addition, our board of directors may be viewed
as having breached its fiduciary duty to our creditors and/or having acted in bad faith, thereby exposing itself and us to claims of punitive
damages, by paying public shareholders from the trust account prior to addressing the claims of creditors. 

If, before distributing the proceeds in the
trust account to our public shareholders, we file a bankruptcy or insolvency petition or an involuntary bankruptcy or insolvency petition
is filed against us that is not dismissed, the claims of creditors in such proceeding may have priority over the claims of our shareholders
and the per-share amount that would otherwise be received by our shareholders in connection with our liquidation may be reduced. 

If, before distributing the proceeds in the trust
account to our public shareholders, we file a bankruptcy or insolvency petition or an involuntary bankruptcy or insolvency petition is
filed against us that is not dismissed, the proceeds held in the trust account could be subject to applicable bankruptcy law, and may
be included in our bankruptcy estate and subject to the claims of third parties with priority over the claims of our shareholders. To
the extent any bankruptcy claims deplete the trust account, the per-share amount that would otherwise be received by our shareholders
in connection with our liquidation may be reduced. 

30 

We have not registered the Class A ordinary
shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants under the Securities Act or any state securities laws at this time, and such registration
may not be in place when an investor desires to exercise warrants, thus precluding such investor from being able to exercise its warrants
and causing such warrants to expire worthless. 

We have not registered, and will not register,
the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants under the Securities Act or any state securities laws at this time.
However, under the terms of the warrant agreement, we have agreed that, as soon as practicable, but in no event later than 15 business
days, after the closing of our initial business combination to use our commercially reasonable efforts to file a registration statement
under the Securities Act covering such shares and to maintain the effectiveness of such registration statement and a current Annual Report
relating to the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants until the expiration or redemption of the warrants in accordance
with the provisions of the warrant agreement. We may not able to do so if, for example, any facts or events arise which represent a fundamental
change in the information set forth in the registration statement or prospectus, the financial statements contained or incorporated by
reference therein are not current, complete or correct or the SEC issues a stop order. If the shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants
are not registered under the Securities Act, we will be required to permit holders to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis. However,
no warrant will be exercisable for cash or on a cashless basis, and we will not be obligated to issue any shares to holders seeking to
exercise their warrants, unless the issuance of the shares upon such exercise is registered or qualified under the securities laws of
the state of the exercising holder, unless an exemption is available. 

Notwithstanding the above, if our Class A ordinary
shares are at the time of any exercise of a warrant not listed on a national securities exchange such that they satisfy the definition
of a covered security under Section 18(b)(1) of the Securities Act, we may, at our option, require holders of public warrants
who exercise their warrants to do so on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act and, in
the event we so elect, we will not be required to file or maintain in effect a registration statement, but we will use our reasonable
best efforts to register or qualify the shares under applicable blue sky laws to the extent an exemption is not available. In no event
will we be required to net cash settle any warrant, or issue securities or other compensation in exchange for the warrants in the event
that we are unable to register or qualify the shares underlying the warrants under the Securities Act or applicable state securities laws.
If the issuance of the shares upon exercise of the warrants is not so registered or qualified or exempt from registration or qualification,
the holder of such warrant will not be entitled to exercise such warrant and such warrant may have no value and expire worthless. In such
event, holders who acquired their warrants as part of a purchase of units will have paid the full unit purchase price solely for the Class
A ordinary shares included in the units. There may be a circumstance where an exemption from registration exists for holders of our private
placement warrants to exercise their warrants while a corresponding exemption does not exist for holders of the warrants included as part
of units sold in the IPO. In such an instance, affiliates of our sponsor and their transferees (which may include our team) would be able
to exercise their warrants and sell the ordinary shares underlying their warrants while holders of our public warrants would not be able
to exercise their warrants and sell the underlying ordinary shares. If and when the warrants become redeemable by us, we may exercise
our redemption right even if we are unable to register or qualify the underlying securities for sale under all applicable state securities
laws. 

Our ability to require holders of our warrants
to exercise such warrants on a cashless basis after we call the warrants for redemption or if there is no effective registration statement
covering the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of these warrants will cause holders to receive fewer Class A ordinary shares
upon their exercise of the warrants than they would have received had they been able to pay the exercise price of their warrants in cash. 

If we call the warrants for redemption for cash,
we will have the option, in our sole discretion, to require all holders that wish to exercise warrants to do so on a cashless basis. If
we choose to require holders to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis or if holders elect to do so when there is no effective registration
statement, the number of Class A ordinary shares received by a holder upon exercise will be fewer than it would have been had such holder
exercised his or her warrant for cash. 

31 

For example, if the holder is exercising 875 public
warrants at 11.50 per share through a cashless exercise when the Class A ordinary shares have a fair market value of 17.50 per share,
then upon the cashless exercise, the holder will receive 300 Class A ordinary shares. The holder would have received 875 Class A ordinary
shares if the exercise price was paid in cash. This will have the effect of reducing the potential upside of the holder s
investment in our company because the warrantholder will hold a smaller number of Class A ordinary shares upon a cashless exercise of
the warrants they hold. 

The warrants may become exercisable and redeemable
for a security other than the Class A ordinary shares, and you will not have any information regarding such other security at this time. 

In certain situations, including if we are not
the surviving entity in our initial business combination, the warrants may become exercisable for a security other than the Class A ordinary
shares. As a result, if the surviving company redeems your warrants for securities pursuant to the warrant agreement, you may receive
a security in a company of which you do not have information at this time. Pursuant to the warrant agreement, the surviving company will
be required to use commercially reasonable efforts to register the issuance of the security underlying the warrants within twenty business
days of the closing of an initial business combination. 

We may issue additional Class A ordinary shares
or preference shares to complete our initial business combination or under an employee incentive plan after completion of our initial
business combination. We may also issue Class A ordinary shares upon the conversion of the founder shares at a ratio greater than one-to-one
at the time of our initial business combination as a result of the anti-dilution provisions contained in our amended and restated memorandum
and articles of association. Any such issuances would dilute the interest of our shareholders and likely present other risks. 

Our amended and restated memorandum and articles
of association authorizes the issuance of up to 200,000,000 Class A ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 per share, 20,000,000 Class B ordinary
shares, par value 0.0001 per share, and 1,000,000 preference shares, par value 0.0001 per share. As of the date of this Report, there
were 195,506,157 and 2,250,000 authorized but unissued Class A ordinary shares and Class B ordinary shares, respectively, available for
issuance which amount does not take into account shares reserved for issuance upon exercise of outstanding warrants or shares issuable
upon conversion of the Class B ordinary shares, if any. The Class B ordinary shares are automatically convertible into Class A ordinary
shares at the time of our initial business combination as described herein and in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of
association. Immediately after the IPO, there were no preference shares issued and outstanding. 

We may issue a substantial number of additional
Class A ordinary shares or preference shares to complete our initial business combination or under an employee incentive plan after completion
of our initial business combination. We may also issue Class A ordinary shares upon conversion of the Class B ordinary shares at a ratio
greater than one-to-one at the time of our initial business combination as a result of the anti-dilution provisions as set forth herein.
However, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provides, among other things, that prior to the completion of
our initial business combination, we may not issue additional shares that would entitle the holders thereof to (i) receive funds from
the trust account or (ii) vote on any initial business combination or on any other proposal presented to shareholders prior to or in connection
with the completion of an initial business combination. These provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association,
like all provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, may be amended with a shareholder vote. The issuance
of additional ordinary or preference shares: 

may significantly dilute the equity interest of investors
in the IPO, which dilution would increase if the anti-dilution provisions in the Class B ordinary shares resulted in the issuance of
Class A ordinary shares on a greater than one-to-one basis upon conversion of the Class B ordinary shares; 

may subordinate the rights of holders of Class A ordinary
shares if preference shares are issued with rights senior to those afforded our Class A ordinary shares; 

could cause a change in control if a substantial number of
our Class A ordinary shares are issued, which may affect, among other things, our ability to use our net operating loss carry forwards,
if any, and could result in the resignation or removal of our present officers and directors; 

32 

may have the effect of delaying or preventing a change of control of us by diluting the share ownership or voting rights of a person
seeking to obtain control of us; 

may adversely affect prevailing market prices for our units, Class A ordinary shares and/or warrants; and 

may not result in adjustment to the exercise price of our
warrants. 

Our initial shareholders may receive additional
Class A ordinary shares if we issue shares to consummate an initial business combination. 

The founder shares will automatically convert into
Class A ordinary shares on the first business day following the consummation of our initial business combination at a ratio such that
the number of Class A ordinary shares issuable upon conversion of all founder shares will equal, in the aggregate, on an as-converted
basis, 63.3 of the sum of (i) the total number of ordinary shares issued and outstanding following the Extension Meeting, plus (ii) the
sum of the total number of Class A ordinary shares issued or deemed issued or issuable upon conversion or exercise of any equity-linked
securities or rights issued or deemed issued, by the company in connection with or in relation to the consummation of the initial business
combination, excluding any Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked securities exercisable for or convertible into Class A ordinary shares
issued, deemed issued, or to be issued, to any seller in the initial business combination and any private placement warrants issued to
our sponsor, members of our team or any of their affiliates upon conversion of working capital loans. In no event will the Class B ordinary
shares convert into Class A ordinary shares at a rate of less than one to one. 

The grant of registration rights to our initial
shareholders may make it more difficult to complete our initial business combination, and the future exercise of such rights may adversely
affect the market price of our Class A ordinary shares. 

Pursuant to an agreement to be entered into concurrently
with the issuance and sale of the securities in the IPO, our initial shareholders, and their permitted transferees can demand that we
register the Class A ordinary shares into which founder shares are convertible, the private placement warrants and the Class A ordinary
shares issuable upon exercise of the private placement warrants, and warrants that may be issued upon conversion of working capital loans
and the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon conversion of such warrants. The registration and availability of such a significant number
of securities for trading in the public market may have an adverse effect on the market price of our Class A ordinary shares. In addition,
the existence of the registration rights may make our initial business combination more costly or difficult to conclude. This is because
the shareholders of the target business may increase the equity stake they seek in the combined entity or ask for more cash consideration
to offset the negative impact on the market price of our securities that is expected when the securities owned by our initial shareholders
or their permitted transferees are registered for resale. 

Resources could be wasted in researching acquisitions
that are not completed, which could materially adversely affect subsequent attempts to locate and acquire or merge with another business.
If we do not complete our initial business combination within the required time period, our public shareholders may receive only approximately
 10.00 per public share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless. 

We anticipate that the investigation of each specific
target business and the negotiation, drafting and execution of relevant agreements, disclosure documents and other instruments will require
substantial management time and attention and substantial costs for accountants, attorneys and others. If we decide not to complete a
specific initial business combination, the costs incurred up to that point for the proposed transaction likely would not be recoverable.
Furthermore, if we reach an agreement relating to a specific target business, we may fail to complete our initial business combination
for any number of reasons including those beyond our control. Any such event will result in a loss to us of the related costs incurred
which could materially adversely affect subsequent attempts to locate and acquire or merge with another business. If we do not complete
our initial business combination within the required time period, our public shareholders may receive only approximately 10.00 per public
share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless. 

33 

We may issue notes or other debt, or otherwise
incur substantial debt, to complete a business combination, which may adversely affect our leverage and financial condition and thus negatively
impact the value of our shareholders investment in us. 

Although we have no commitments as of the date
of this Annual Report to issue any notes or other debt, or to otherwise incur debt following the IPO, we may choose to incur substantial
debt to complete our initial business combination. We and our officers have agreed that we will not incur any indebtedness unless we have
obtained from the lender a waiver of any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to the monies held in the trust account. As
such, no issuance of debt will affect the per share amount available for redemption from the trust account. 

Nevertheless, the incurrence of debt could have
a variety of negative effects, including: 

default and foreclosure on our assets if our operating revenues
after an initial business combination are insufficient to repay our debt obligations; 

acceleration of our obligations to repay the indebtedness
even if we make all principal and interest payments when due if we breach certain covenants that require the maintenance of certain financial
ratios or reserves without a waiver or renegotiation of that covenant; 

our immediate payment of all principal and accrued interest,
if any, if the debt is payable on demand; 

our inability to obtain necessary additional financing if
the debt contains covenants restricting our ability to obtain such financing while the debt is outstanding; 

our inability to pay dividends on our Class A ordinary shares; 

using a substantial portion of our cash flow to pay principal
and interest on our debt, which will reduce the funds available for dividends on our Class A ordinary shares if declared, expenses, capital
expenditures, acquisitions and other general corporate purposes; 

limitations on our flexibility in planning for and reacting
to changes in our business and in the industry in which we operate; 

increased vulnerability to adverse changes in general economic,
industry and competitive conditions and adverse changes in government regulation; and 

limitations on our ability to borrow additional amounts for
expenses, capital expenditures, acquisitions, debt service requirements, execution of our strategy and other purposes and other disadvantages
compared to our competitors who have less debt. 

We may redeem your unexpired warrants prior
to their exercise at a time that is disadvantageous to you, thereby making your warrants worthless. 

We have the ability to redeem the outstanding warrants
at any time after they become exercisable and prior to their expiration, at a price of 0.01 per warrant, if, among other things, the
Reference Value equals or exceeds 18.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations
and the like). If and when the warrants become redeemable by us, we may exercise our redemption right even if we are unable to register
or qualify the underlying securities for sale under all applicable state securities laws. Redemption of the outstanding warrants as described
above could force you to (i) exercise your warrants and pay the exercise price therefor at a time when it may be disadvantageous for you
to do so, (ii) sell your warrants at the then-current market price when you might otherwise wish to hold your warrants or (iii) accept
the nominal redemption price which, at the time the outstanding warrants are called for redemption, we expect would be substantially less
than the Market Value of your warrants. None of the private placement warrants will be redeemable by us so long as they are held by affiliates
of our sponsor or their permitted transferees. 

34 

In addition, we have the ability to redeem the
outstanding warrants at any time after they become exercisable and prior to their expiration, at a price of 0.10 per warrant if, among
other things, the Reference Value equals or exceeds 10.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, rights issuances,
subdivisions, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like). In such a case, the holders will be able to exercise their warrants prior
to redemption for a number of shares of our Class A ordinary shares determined based on the redemption date and the fair market value
of our Class A ordinary shares. The value received upon exercise of the warrants (1) may be less than the value the holders would have
received if they had exercised their warrants at a later time where the underlying share price is higher and (2) may not compensate the
holders for the value of the warrants, including because the number of ordinary shares received is capped at 0.361 shares of our Class
A ordinary shares per warrant (subject to adjustment) irrespective of the remaining life of the warrants. 

Our warrants may have an adverse effect on the
market price of our Class A ordinary shares and make it more difficult to effectuate our initial business combination. 

We issued public warrants to purchase 10,333,333
of our Class A ordinary shares as part of the units offered by the IPO and, simultaneously with the closing of the IPO, we issued in a
private placement 5,466,667 private placement warrants at 1.50 per warrant. In addition, if the sponsor makes any working capital loans,
it may convert up to 1,500,000 of such loans into up to 1,000,000 private placement warrants, at the price of 1.50 per warrant. To the
extent we issue ordinary shares to effectuate a business transaction, the potential for the issuance of a substantial number of additional
Class A ordinary shares upon exercise of these warrants could make us a less attractive acquisition vehicle to a target business. Such
warrants, when exercised, will increase the number of issued and outstanding Class A ordinary shares and reduce the value of the Class
A ordinary shares issued to complete the business transaction. Therefore, our warrants may make it more difficult to effectuate a business
transaction or increase the cost of acquiring the target business. 

Our warrants are accounted for as liabilities
and the changes in value of our warrants could have a material effect on our financial results and thus may have an adverse effect on
the market price of our securities. 

On April 12, 2021, the staff of the SEC (the SEC
Staff issued a public statement entitled Staff Statement on Accounting and Reporting Considerations for Warrants issued by Special
Purpose Acquisition Companies SPACs (the SEC Staff Statement ). In the SEC Staff Statement, the SEC Staff
expressed its view that certain terms and conditions common to SPAC warrants may require the warrants to be classified as liabilities
on the SPAC s balance sheet as opposed to equity. As a result of the SEC Staff Statement, we reevaluated the accounting treatment
of our 31,000,000 Public Warrants and 5,466,667 Private Placement Warrants, and determined to classify the warrants as derivative liabilities
measured at fair value, with changes in fair value each period reported in earnings. 

As a result, included on our condensed balance
sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 contained elsewhere in this Annual Report are derivative liabilities related to embedded features
contained within our warrants. ASC 815, Derivatives and Hedging, provides for the remeasurement of the fair value of such derivatives
at each balance sheet date, with a resulting non-cash gain or loss related to the change in the fair value being recognized in earnings
in the statement of operations. As a result of the recurring fair value measurement, our financial statements and results of operations
may fluctuate quarterly, based on factors, which are outside of our control. Due to the recurring fair value measurement, we expect that
we will recognize non-cash gains or losses on our warrants each reporting period and that the amount of such gains or losses could be
material. The impact of changes in fair value on earnings may have an adverse effect on the market price of our securities. 

Because each unit contains one-third of one
warrant and only a whole warrant may be exercised, the units may be worth less than units of other blank check companies. 

Each unit contains one-third of one warrant. Pursuant
to the warrant agreement, no fractional warrants will be issued upon separation of the units, and only whole units will trade. If, upon
exercise of the warrants, a holder would be entitled to receive a fractional interest in a share, we will, upon exercise, round down to
the nearest whole number the number of Class A ordinary shares to be issued to the warrant holder. This is different from other offerings
similar to ours whose units include one ordinary share and one warrant to purchase one whole share. We have established the components
of the units in this way in order to reduce the dilutive effect of the warrants upon completion of a business combination since the warrants
will be exercisable in the aggregate for one-third of the number of shares compared to units that each contain a whole warrant to purchase
one share, thus making us, we believe, a more attractive merger target for target businesses. Nevertheless, this unit structure may cause
our units to be worth less than if it included a warrant to purchase one whole share. 

35 

Risks Relating to Regulatory Compliance Requirements 

If we are deemed to be an investment company
under the Investment Company Act, we may be required to institute burdensome compliance requirements and our activities may be restricted,
which may make it difficult for us to complete our initial business combination. 

If we are deemed to be an investment company under
the Investment Company Act, our activities may be restricted, including: 

restrictions on the nature of our investments; and 

restrictions on the issuance of securities, each of which
may make it difficult for us to complete our initial business combination. 

In addition, we may have imposed upon us burdensome requirements,
including: 

registration as an investment company with the SEC; 

adoption of a specific form of corporate structure; and 

reporting, record keeping, voting, proxy and disclosure requirements
and other rules and regulations that we are currently not subject to. 

In order not to be regulated as an investment company
under the Investment Company Act, unless we can qualify for an exclusion, we must ensure that we are engaged primarily in a business other
than investing, reinvesting or trading of securities and that our activities do not include investing, reinvesting, owning, holding or
trading investment securities constituting more than 40 of our assets (exclusive of U.S. government securities and cash
items) on an unconsolidated basis. Our business will be to identify and complete a business combination and thereafter to operate the
post-business combination business or assets for the long term. We do not plan to buy businesses or assets with a view to resale or profit
from their resale. We do not plan to buy unrelated businesses or assets or to be a passive investor. 

We do not believe that our anticipated principal
activities will subject us to the Investment Company Act. To this end, the proceeds held in the trust account may only be invested in
United States government securities within the meaning of Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act having a maturity
of 185 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 promulgated under the Investment Company Act which
invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations. Pursuant to the trust agreement, the trustee is not permitted to invest in
other securities or assets. By restricting the investment of the proceeds to these instruments, and by having a business plan targeted
at acquiring and growing businesses for the long term (rather than on buying and selling businesses in the manner of a merchant bank or
private equity fund), we intend to avoid being deemed an investment company within the meaning of the Investment Company
Act. The IPO is not intended for persons who are seeking a return on investments in government securities or investment securities. The
trust account is intended as a holding place for funds pending the earliest to occur of either: (i) the completion of our initial business
combination; (ii) the redemption of any public shares properly tendered in connection with a shareholder vote to amend our amended and
restated memorandum and articles of association (A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class
A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our
public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination by the Termination Date, (B) with respect to any other provision
relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares or pre-initial business combination activity, and (iii) the redemption
of our public shares if we have not consummated an initial business by the Termination Date. If we do not invest the proceeds as discussed
above, we may be deemed to be subject to the Investment Company Act. If we were deemed to be subject to the Investment Company Act, compliance
with these additional regulatory burdens would require additional expenses for which we have not allotted funds and may hinder our ability
to complete a business combination. If we do not complete our initial business combination within the required time period, our public
shareholders may receive only approximately 10.00 per public share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our trust
account and our warrants will expire worthless. 

36 

Changes in laws or regulations, or a failure
to comply with any laws and regulations, may adversely affect our business, including our ability to negotiate and complete our initial
business combination, and results of operations. 

We are subject to laws and regulations enacted
by national, regional and local governments. In particular, we will be required to comply with certain SEC and other legal requirements.
Compliance with, and monitoring of, applicable laws and regulations may be difficult, time consuming and costly. Those laws and regulations
and their interpretation and application may also change from time to time and those changes could have a material adverse effect on our
business, investments and results of operations. In addition, a failure to comply with applicable laws or regulations, as interpreted
and applied, could have a material adverse effect on our business, including our ability to negotiate and complete our initial business
combination, and results of operations. 

Our shareholders may be held liable for claims
by third parties against us to the extent of distributions received by them upon redemption of their shares. 

If we are forced to enter into an insolvent liquidation,
any distributions received by shareholders could be viewed as an unlawful payment if it was proved that immediately following the date
on which the distribution was made, we were unable to pay our debts as they fall due in the ordinary course of business. As a result,
a liquidator could seek to recover some or all amounts received by our shareholders. Furthermore, our directors may be viewed as having
breached their fiduciary duties to us or our creditors and/or may have acted in bad faith, thereby exposing themselves and our company
to claims, by paying public shareholders from the trust account prior to addressing the claims of creditors. 

Claims may be brought against us for these reasons.
We and our directors and officers who knowingly and willfully authorized or permitted any distribution to be paid out of our share premium
account while we were unable to pay our debts as they fall due in the ordinary course of business would be guilty of an offence and may
be liable for a fine of 18,292.68 and imprisonment for five years in the Cayman Islands. 

Compliance obligations under the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act may make it more difficult for us to effectuate a business combination, require substantial financial and management resources, and
increase the time and costs of completing an acquisition. 

Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires
that we evaluate and report on our system of internal controls beginning with our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ending December
31, 2022. Only in the event we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer or an accelerated filer and no longer qualify as an emerging
growth company, will we be required to comply with the independent registered public accounting firm attestation requirement on our internal
control over financial reporting. The fact that we are a blank check company makes compliance with the requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act particularly burdensome on us as compared to other public companies because a target business with which we seek to complete our initial
business combination may not be in compliance with the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act regarding adequacy of its internal controls.
The development of the internal control of any such entity to achieve compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may increase the time and
costs necessary to complete any such acquisition. 

37 

We may be a passive foreign investment company,
or PFIC, which could result in adverse U.S. federal income tax consequences to U.S. investors. 

If we are a PFIC for any taxable year (or portion
thereof) that is included in the holding period of a U.S. investor holding our Class A ordinary shares or warrants, the U.S. investor
may be subject to adverse U.S. federal income tax consequences and may be subject to additional reporting requirements. Our PFIC status
for our current and subsequent taxable years may depend on whether we qualify for an exception to PFIC status for certain newly formed
companies (the start-up exception ). Depending on the particular circumstances the application of the start-up exception
may be subject to uncertainty, and there cannot be any assurance that we will qualify for the start-up exception. Accordingly, there can
be no assurances with respect to our status as a PFIC for our current taxable year or any subsequent taxable year (and, in the case of
the start-up exception, potentially not until after the two taxable years following our initial taxable year). Our actual PFIC status
for any taxable year will not be determinable until after the end of such taxable year. Moreover, if we determine we are a PFIC for any
taxable year, we will endeavor to provide to a U.S. investor such information as the Internal Revenue Service may require, including a
PFIC Annual Information Statement, in order to enable the U.S. investor to make and maintain a qualified electing fund election,
which could mitigate certain of the adverse U.S. federal income tax consequences of our PFIC status to U.S. investors, but there can be
no assurance that we will timely provide such information, and such election would be unavailable with respect to our warrants in all
cases. We urge U.S. investors to consult their tax advisers regarding the possible application of the PFIC rules. 

We may reincorporate in another jurisdiction
in connection with our initial business combination and such reincorporation may result in taxes imposed on shareholders. 

We may, in connection with our initial business
combination and subject to requisite shareholder approval under the Companies Act, reincorporate in the jurisdiction in which the target
company or business is located or in another jurisdiction. The transaction may require a shareholder or warrantholder to recognize taxable
income in the jurisdiction in which the shareholder or warrantholder is a tax resident or in which its members are resident if it is a
tax transparent entity. We do not intend to make any cash distributions to shareholders or warrantholders to pay such taxes. Shareholders
or warrantholders may be subject to withholding taxes or other taxes with respect to their ownership of us after the reincorporation. 

We are subject to changing law and regulations
regarding regulatory matters, corporate governance and public disclosure that have increased both our costs and the risk of non-compliance. 

We are subject to rules and regulations by various
governing bodies, including, for example, the SEC, which are charged with the protection of investors and the oversight of companies whose
securities are publicly traded, and to new and evolving regulatory measures under applicable law. Our efforts to comply with new and changing
laws and regulations have resulted in and are likely to continue to result in, increased general and administrative expenses and a diversion
of management time and attention from seeking a business combination target. 

Moreover, because these laws, regulations and standards
are subject to varying interpretations, their application in practice may evolve over time as new guidance becomes available. This evolution
may result in continuing uncertainty regarding compliance matters and additional costs necessitated by ongoing revisions to our disclosure
and governance practices. If we fail to address and comply with these regulations and any subsequent changes, we may be subject to penalty
and our business may be harmed. 

We are an emerging growth company and a smaller
reporting company within the meaning of the Securities Act, and if we take advantage of certain exemptions from disclosure requirements
available to emerging growth companies or smaller reporting companies, this could make our securities less
attractive to investors and may make it more difficult to compare our performance with other public companies. 

We are an emerging growth company 
within the meaning of the Securities Act, as modified by the JOBS Act, and we may take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting
requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies including, but not limited
to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure
obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding
a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and shareholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved.
As a result, our shareholders may not have access to certain information they may deem important. We could be an emerging growth company
for up to five years, although circumstances could cause us to lose that status earlier, including if the market value of our Class A
ordinary shares held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of any June 30 before that time, in which case we would no longer be an
emerging growth company as of the following December 31. We cannot predict whether investors will find our securities less attractive
because we will rely on these exemptions. If some investors find our securities less attractive as a result of our reliance on these exemptions,
the trading prices of our securities may be lower than they otherwise would be, there may be a less active trading market for our securities
and the trading prices of our securities may be more volatile. 

38 

Further, Section 102(b)(1) of the JOBS Act exempts
emerging growth companies from being required to comply with new or revised financial accounting standards until private companies (that
is, those that have not had a Securities Act registration statement declared effective or do not have a class of securities registered
under the Exchange Act) are required to comply with the new or revised financial accounting standards. The JOBS Act provides that a company
can elect to opt out of the extended transition period and comply with the requirements that apply to non-emerging growth companies but
any such an election to opt out is irrevocable. We have elected not to opt out of such extended transition period which means that when
a standard is issued or revised and it has different application dates for public or private companies, we, as an emerging growth company,
can adopt the new or revised standard at the time private companies adopt the new or revised standard. This may make comparison of our
financial statements with another public company which is neither an emerging growth company nor an emerging growth company which has
opted out of using the extended transition period difficult or impossible because of the potential differences in accounting standards
used. 

Additionally, we are a smaller reporting
company as defined in Item 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K. Smaller reporting companies may take advantage of certain reduced disclosure
obligations, including, among other things, providing only two years of audited financial statements. We will remain a smaller reporting
company until the last day of the fiscal year in which (1) the market value of our ordinary shares held by non-affiliates is equal to
or exceeds 250 million as of the prior June 30, or (2) our annual revenues equaled or exceeded 100 million during the most recently
completed fiscal year and the market value of our ordinary shares held by non-affiliates is equal to or exceeds 700 million as of the
prior June 30. To the extent we take advantage of such reduced disclosure obligations, it may also make comparison of our financial statements
with other public companies difficult or impossible. 

Because we are incorporated under the laws of
the Cayman Islands, you may face difficulties in protecting your interests, and your ability to protect your rights through the U.S. federal
courts may be limited. 

We are an exempted company incorporated under the
laws of the Cayman Islands. As a result, it may be difficult for investors to effect service of process within the United States upon
our directors or executive officers, or enforce judgments obtained in the United States courts against our directors or officers. 

Our corporate affairs and the rights of shareholders
will be governed by our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, the Companies Act (as the same may be supplemented
or amended from time to time) and the common law of the Cayman Islands. We will also be subject to the federal securities laws of the
United States. The rights of shareholders to take action against the directors, actions by minority shareholders and the fiduciary responsibilities
of our directors to us under Cayman Islands law are to a large extent governed by the common law of the Cayman Islands. The common law
of the Cayman Islands is derived in part from comparatively limited judicial precedent in the Cayman Islands as well as from English common
law, the decisions of whose courts are of persuasive authority, but are not binding on a court in the Cayman Islands. The rights of our
shareholders and the fiduciary responsibilities of our directors under Cayman Islands law are different from what they would be under
statutes or judicial precedent in some jurisdictions in the United States. In particular, the Cayman Islands has a different body of securities
laws as compared to the United States, and certain states, such as Delaware, may have more fully developed and judicially interpreted
bodies of corporate law. In addition, Cayman Islands companies may not have standing to initiate a shareholders derivative action in a
Federal court of the United States. 

39 

Shareholders of Cayman Islands exempted companies
like the company have no general rights under Cayman Islands law to inspect corporate records or to obtain copies of the register of members
of these companies. Our directors have discretion under our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association to determine whether
or not, and under what conditions, our corporate records may be inspected by our shareholders, but are not obliged to make them available
to our shareholders. This may make it more difficult for you to obtain the information needed to establish any facts necessary for a shareholder
motion or to solicit proxies from other shareholders in connection with a proxy contest. 

We have been advised by Maples and Calder, our
Cayman Islands legal counsel, that the courts of the Cayman Islands are unlikely (i) to recognize or enforce against us judgments of courts
of the United States predicated upon the civil liability provisions of the federal securities laws of the United States or any state;
and (ii) in original actions brought in the Cayman Islands, to impose liabilities against us predicated upon the civil liability provisions
of the federal securities laws of the United States or any state, so far as the liabilities imposed by those provisions are penal in nature.
In those circumstances, although there is no statutory enforcement in the Cayman Islands of judgments obtained in the United States, the
courts of the Cayman Islands will recognize and enforce a foreign money judgment of a foreign court of competent jurisdiction without
retrial on the merits based on the principle that a judgment of a competent foreign court imposes upon the judgment debtor an obligation
to pay the sum for which judgment has been given provided certain conditions are met. For a foreign judgment to be enforced in the Cayman
Islands, such judgment must be final and conclusive and for a liquidated sum, and must not be in respect of taxes or a fine or penalty,
inconsistent with a Cayman Islands judgment in respect of the same matter, impeachable on the grounds of fraud or obtained in a manner,
or be of a kind the enforcement of which is, contrary to natural justice or the public policy of the Cayman Islands (awards of punitive
or multiple damages may well be held to be contrary to public policy). A Cayman Islands Court may stay enforcement proceedings if concurrent
proceedings are being brought elsewhere. 

As a result of all of the above, public shareholders
may have more difficulty in protecting their interests in the face of actions taken by our team, members of the board of directors or
controlling shareholders than they would as public shareholders of a United States company. 

Provisions in our amended and restated memorandum
and articles of association may inhibit a takeover of us, which could limit the price investors might be willing to pay in the future
for our Class A ordinary shares and could entrench our team. 

Our amended and restated memorandum and articles
of association will contain provisions that may discourage unsolicited takeover proposals that shareholders may consider to be in their
best interests. These provisions will include a staggered board of directors, the ability of the board of directors to designate the terms
of and issue new series of preference shares, and the fact that prior to the completion of our initial business combination only holders
of our Class B ordinary shares, which have been issued to our sponsor, are entitled to vote on the appointment of directors, which may
make more difficult the removal of our team and may discourage transactions that otherwise could involve payment of a premium over prevailing
market prices for our securities. 

Cyber incidents or attacks directed at us could
result in information theft, data corruption, operational disruption and/or financial loss. 

We depend on digital technologies, including information
systems, infrastructure and cloud applications and services, including those of third parties with which we may deal. Sophisticated and
deliberate attacks on, or security breaches in, our systems or infrastructure, or the systems or infrastructure of third parties or the
cloud, could lead to corruption or misappropriation of our assets, proprietary information and sensitive or confidential data. As an early
stage company without significant investments in data security protection, we may not be sufficiently protected against such occurrences.
We may not have sufficient resources to adequately protect against, or to investigate and remediate any vulnerability to, cyber incidents.
It is possible that any of these occurrences, or a combination of them, could have adverse consequences on our business and lead to financial
loss. 

40 

Risks Relating to Our Management, Directors and Employees 

Past performance by our team or their affiliates
may not be indicative of future performance of an investment in us. 

Information regarding performance by, or businesses
associated with, our team or their affiliates is presented for informational purposes only. Any past experience of and performance by
our team or their affiliates, is not a guarantee either: (1) that we will be able to successfully identify a suitable candidate for our
initial business combination; or (2) of any results with respect to any initial business combination we may consummate. You should not
rely on the historical record of our team or any of their affiliates as indicative of the future performance of an investment in
us or the returns we will, or are likely to, generate going forward. 

We may not hold an annual general meeting until
after the consummation of our initial business combination. 

In accordance with NYSE corporate governance requirements
and our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, we are not required to hold an annual general meeting until no later
than one year after our first fiscal year end following our listing on NYSE. As an exempted company, there is no requirement under the
Companies Act for us to hold annual or extraordinary general meetings to appoint directors. Until we hold an annual general meeting, public
shareholders may not be afforded the opportunity to appoint directors and to discuss company affairs with our founding team. Our board
of directors is divided into three classes with only one class of directors being appointed in each year and each class (except for those
directors appointed prior to our first annual general meeting) serving a three-year term. 

Holders of Class A ordinary shares will not
be entitled to vote on any appointment of directors we hold prior to the completion of our initial business combination. 

Prior to the completion of our initial business
combination, only holders of our founder shares will have the right to vote on the appointment of directors. Holders of our public shares
will not be entitled to vote on the appointment of directors during such time. In addition, prior to the completion of an initial business
combination, holders of a majority of our founder shares may remove a member of the board of directors for any reason. Accordingly, you
may not have any say in the management of our company prior to the consummation of an initial business combination. 

After our initial business combination, it is
possible that a majority of our directors and officers will live outside the United States and all of our assets will be located outside
the United States; therefore investors may not be able to enforce federal securities laws or their other legal rights. 

It is possible that after our initial business
combination, a majority of our directors and officers will reside outside of the United States and all of our assets will be located outside
of the United States. As a result, it may be difficult, or in some cases not possible, for investors in the United States to enforce their
legal rights, to effect service of process upon all of our directors or officers or to enforce judgments of United States courts predicated
upon civil liabilities and criminal penalties on our directors and officers under United States laws. 

In particular, there is uncertainty as to whether
the courts of the Cayman Islands or any other applicable jurisdictions would recognize and enforce judgments of U.S. courts obtained against
us or our directors or officers predicated upon the civil liability provisions of the securities laws of the United States or any state
in the United States or entertain original actions brought in the Cayman Islands or any other applicable jurisdiction s courts against
us or our directors or officers predicated upon the securities laws of the United States or any state in the United States. 

Past performance by our management team may
not be indicative of future performance of an investment in us. 

Any past experience and performance of our management
team is not a guarantee either: (1) that we will be able to successfully identify a suitable candidate for our initial business combination;
or (2) of any results with respect to any initial business combination we may consummate. You should not rely on the historical record
of our management team s performance as indicative of the future performance of an investment in us or the returns we will, or are
likely to, generate going forward. None of our sponsor, officers or directors has had experience with a blank check company or special
purpose acquisition company in the past. 

41 

We are dependent upon our executive officers
and directors and their loss could adversely affect our ability to operate. 

Our operations are dependent upon a relatively
small group of individuals and, in particular, our executive officers and directors. We believe that our success depends on the continued
service of our officers and directors, at least until we have completed our initial business combination. In addition, our executive officers
and directors are not required to commit any specified amount of time to our affairs and, accordingly, will have conflicts of interest
in allocating their time among various business activities, including identifying potential business combinations and monitoring the related
due diligence. We do not have an employment agreement with, or key-man insurance on the life of, any of our directors or executive officers.
The unexpected loss of the services of one or more of our directors or executive officers could have a detrimental effect on us. 

Our ability to successfully effect our initial
business combination and to be successful thereafter will be totally dependent upon the efforts of our key personnel, some of whom may
join us following our initial business combination. The loss of key personnel could negatively impact the operations and profitability
of our post-combination business. 

Our ability to successfully effect our initial
business combination is dependent upon the efforts of our key personnel. The role of our key personnel in the target business, however,
cannot presently be ascertained. Although some of our key personnel may remain with the target business in senior management or advisory
positions following our initial business combination, it is likely that some or all of the management of the target business will remain
in place. While we intend to closely scrutinize any individuals we engage after our initial business combination, we cannot assure you
that our assessment of these individuals will prove to be correct. These individuals may be unfamiliar with the requirements of operating
a company regulated by the SEC, which could cause us to have to expend time and resources helping them become familiar with such requirements. 

Our key personnel may negotiate employment or
consulting agreements with a target business in connection with a particular business combination, and a particular business combination
may be conditioned on the retention or resignation of such key personnel. These agreements may provide for them to receive compensation
following our initial business combination and as a result, may cause them to have conflicts of interest in determining whether a particular
business combination is the most advantageous. 

Our key personnel may be able to remain with our
company after the completion of our initial business combination only if they are able to negotiate employment or consulting agreements
in connection with the business combination. Such negotiations would take place simultaneously with the negotiation of the business combination
and could provide for such individuals to receive compensation in the form of cash payments and/or our securities for services they would
render to us after the completion of the business combination. Such negotiations also could make such key personnel s retention
or resignation a condition to any such agreement. The personal and financial interests of such individuals may influence their motivation
in identifying and selecting a target business. In addition, pursuant to an agreement to be entered into on or prior to the closing of
the IPO, our sponsor, upon and following consummation of an initial business combination, will be entitled to nominate three individuals
for election to our board of directors, as long as the sponsor holds any securities covered by the registration and shareholder rights
agreement. 

We may have a limited ability to assess the
management of a prospective target business and, as a result, may affect our initial business combination with a target business whose
management may not have the skills, qualifications or abilities to manage a public company. 

When evaluating the desirability of effecting our
initial business combination with a prospective target business, our ability to assess the target business s management may be limited
due to a lack of time, resources or information. Our assessment of the capabilities of the target business s management, therefore,
may prove to be incorrect and such management may lack the skills, qualifications or abilities we suspected. Should the target business s
management not possess the skills, qualifications or abilities necessary to manage a public company, the operations and profitability
of the post-combination business may be negatively impacted. Accordingly, any holders who choose to retain their securities following
our initial business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their securities. Such holders are unlikely to have a remedy
for such reduction in value. 

42 

The officers and directors of an acquisition
candidate may resign upon completion of our initial business combination. The loss of a business combination target s key personnel
could negatively impact the operations and profitability of our post-combination business. 

The role of an acquisition candidate s key
personnel upon the completion of our initial business combination cannot be ascertained at this time. Although we contemplate that certain
members of an acquisition candidate s management team will remain associated with the acquisition candidate following our initial
business combination, it is possible that members of the management of an acquisition candidate will not wish to remain in place. 

Our executive officers and directors will allocate
their time to other businesses thereby causing conflicts of interest in their determination as to how much time to devote to our affairs.
This conflict of interest could have a negative impact on our ability to complete our initial business combination. 

Our executive officers and directors are not required
to, and will not, commit their full time to our affairs, which may result in a conflict of interest in allocating their time between our
operations and our search for a business combination and their other businesses. We do not intend to have any full-time employees prior
to the completion of our initial business combination. Each of our executive officers is engaged in several other business endeavors for
which he may be entitled to substantial compensation, and our executive officers are not obligated to contribute any specific number of
hours per week to our affairs. Our independent directors also serve as officers and board members for other entities. If our executive
officers and directors other business affairs require them to devote substantial amounts of time to such affairs in excess
of their current commitment levels, it could limit their ability to devote time to our affairs which may have a negative impact on our
ability to complete our initial business combination. For a complete discussion of our executive officers and directors 
other business affairs, please see Management Officers, Directors and Director Nominees. 

Our officers and directors presently have, and
any of them in the future may have additional, fiduciary or contractual obligations to other entities, including another blank check company,
and, accordingly, may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented. 

Following the completion of the IPO and until we
consummate our initial business combination, we intend to engage in the business of identifying and combining with one or more businesses.
Each of our officers and directors presently has, and any of them in the future may have, additional fiduciary or contractual obligations
to other entities pursuant to which such officer or director is or will be required to present a business combination opportunity to such
entity, subject to his or her fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law. Accordingly, they may have conflicts of interest in determining
to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented. These conflicts may not be resolved in our favor and a potential
target business may be presented to another entity prior to its presentation to us, subject to their fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands
law. 

In addition, our founders and our directors and
officers expect in the future to become affiliated with other public blank check companies that may have acquisition objectives that are
similar to ours. Accordingly, they may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should
be presented. These conflicts may not be resolved in our favor and a potential target business may be presented to such other blank check
companies, prior to its presentation to us, subject to our officers and directors fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands
law. 

Our amended and restated memorandum and articles
of association provide that, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law: (i) no individual serving as a director or an officer
shall have any duty, except and to the extent expressly assumed by contract, to refrain from engaging directly or indirectly in the same
or similar business activities or lines of business as us; and (ii) we renounce any interest or expectancy in, or in being offered an
opportunity to participate in, any potential transaction or matter which may be a corporate opportunity for any director or officer, on
the one hand, and us, on the other. We do not believe, however, that the fiduciary duties or contractual obligations of our officers or
directors will materially affect our ability to complete our initial business combination. 

43 

For a complete discussion of our executive officers 
and directors business affiliations and the potential conflicts of interest that you should be aware of, please see Management Officers,
Directors and Director Nominees, Management Conflicts of Interest and Certain Relationships and Related
Party Transactions. 

Our executive officers, directors, security
holders and their respective affiliates may have competitive pecuniary interests that conflict with our interests. 

We have not adopted a policy that expressly prohibits
our directors, executive officers, security holders or affiliates from having a direct or indirect pecuniary or financial interest in
any investment to be acquired or disposed of by us or in any transaction to which we are a party or have an interest. In fact, we may
enter into a business combination with a target business that is affiliated with our sponsor, our directors or executive officers, although
we do not intend to do so. Nor do we have a policy that expressly prohibits any such persons from engaging for their own account in business
activities of the types conducted by us. Accordingly, such persons or entities may have a conflict between their interests and ours. 

The personal and financial interests of our directors
and officers may influence their motivation in timely identifying and selecting a target business and completing a business combination.
Consequently, our directors and officers discretion in identifying and selecting a suitable target business may result in
a conflict of interest when determining whether the terms, conditions and timing of a particular business combination are appropriate
and in our shareholders best interest. If this were the case, it would be a breach of their fiduciary duties to us as a matter
of Cayman Islands law and we or our shareholders might have a claim against such individuals for infringing on our shareholders 
rights. However, we might not ultimately be successful in any claim we may make against them for such reason. 

We may engage in a business combination with
one or more target businesses that have relationships with entities that may be affiliated with our sponsor, executive officers, directors
or initial shareholders which may raise potential conflicts of interest. 

In light of the involvement of our sponsor, executive
officers and directors with other entities, we may decide to acquire one or more businesses affiliated with our sponsor, executive officers,
directors or initial shareholders. Our directors also serve as officers and board members for other entities, including, without limitation,
those described under Management Conflicts of Interest. Our sponsor and our officers and directors may sponsor or
form other special purpose acquisition companies similar to ours or may pursue other business or investment ventures during the period
in which we are seeking an initial business combination. Such entities may compete with us for business combination opportunities. Our
sponsor, officers and directors are not currently aware of any specific opportunities for us to complete our initial business combination
with any entities with which they are affiliated, and there have been no substantive discussions concerning a business combination with
any such entity or entities. 

Although we will not be specifically focusing on,
or pursuing, any transaction with any affiliated entities, we would pursue such a transaction if we determined that such affiliated entity
met our criteria for a business combination as set forth in Business Effecting Our Initial Business Combination Evaluation
of a Target Business and Structuring of Our Initial Business Combination and such transaction was approved by a majority of our
independent and disinterested directors. Despite our agreement to obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or an
independent valuation or accounting firm regarding the fairness to our company from a financial point of view of a business combination
with one or more domestic or international businesses affiliated with our sponsor, executive officers, directors or initial shareholders,
potential conflicts of interest still may exist and, as a result, the terms of the business combination may not be as advantageous to
our public shareholders as they would be absent any conflicts of interest. 

44 

Since our sponsor, executive officers and
directors will lose their entire investment in us if our initial business combination is not completed (other than with respect to public
shares they may acquire during or after the IPO), a conflict of interest may arise in determining whether a particular business combination
target is appropriate for our initial business combination. 

On November 20, 2020 our sponsor paid 25,000,
or approximately 0.003 per share, to cover for certain offering costs in consideration for 8,625,000 founder shares. Prior to the initial
investment in the company of 25,000 by the sponsor, the company had no assets, tangible or intangible. The per share price of the founder
shares was determined by dividing the amount contributed to the company by the number of founder shares issued. The founder shares will
be worthless if we do not complete an initial business combination. In addition, affiliates of our sponsor have committed, pursuant to
a written agreement, to purchase 5,466,667 private placement warrants, at a purchase price of 8,200,000, in a private placement that
will close simultaneously with the closing of the IPO. If we do not consummate an initial business by the Termination Date, the private
placement warrants (and the underlying securities) will expire worthless. The personal and financial interests of our executive officers
and directors may influence their motivation in identifying and selecting a target business combination, completing an initial business
combination and influencing the operation of the business following the initial business combination. This risk may become more acute
as the Termination Date nears, which is the deadline for our consummation of an initial business combination. 

Our team may not be able to maintain control
of a target business after our initial business combination. Upon the loss of control of a target business, new management may not possess
the skills, qualifications or abilities necessary to profitably operate such business. 

We may structure our initial business combination
so that the post-business combination company in which our public shareholders own shares will own less than 100 of the equity interests
or assets of a target business, but we will only complete such business combination if the post- business combination company owns or
acquires 50 or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target business
sufficient for us not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. We will not consider any transaction
that does not meet such criteria. Even if the post-business combination company owns 50 or more of the voting securities of the target,
our shareholders prior to the completion of our initial business combination may collectively own a minority interest in the post-business
combination company, depending on valuations ascribed to the target and us in the business combination. For example, we could pursue a
transaction in which we issue a substantial number of new Class A ordinary shares in exchange for all of the outstanding capital stock,
shares or other equity interests of a target. In this case, we would acquire a 100 interest in the target. However, as a result of the
issuance of a substantial number of new Class A ordinary shares, our shareholders immediately prior to such transaction could own less
than a majority of our issued and outstanding Class A ordinary shares subsequent to such transaction. In addition, other minority shareholders
may subsequently combine their holdings resulting in a single person or group obtaining a larger share of the company s shares than
we initially acquired. Accordingly, this may make it more likely that our team will not be able to maintain control of the target business. 

Risks Relating to Corporate Governance 

We do not have a specified maximum redemption
threshold. The absence of such a redemption threshold may make it possible for us to complete our initial business combination with which
a substantial majority of our shareholders do not agree. 

Our amended and restated memorandum and articles
of association will not provide a specified maximum redemption threshold, except that in no event will we redeem our public shares in
an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 (so that we do not then become subject to the SEC s
 penny stock rules). As a result, we may be able to complete our initial business combination even though a substantial majority
of our public shareholders do not agree with the transaction and have redeemed their shares or, if we seek shareholder approval of our
initial business combination and do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender
offer rules, have entered into privately negotiated agreements to sell their shares to our sponsor, officers, directors, advisors or any
of their affiliates. In the event the aggregate cash consideration we would be required to pay for all Class A ordinary shares that are
validly submitted for redemption plus any amount required to satisfy cash conditions pursuant to the terms of the proposed business combination
exceed the aggregate amount of cash available to us, we will not complete the business combination or redeem any shares, all Class A ordinary
shares submitted for redemption will be returned to the holders thereof, and we instead may search for an alternate business combination. 

45 

In order to effectuate an initial business combination,
blank check companies have, in the recent past, amended various provisions of their charters and other governing instruments, including
their warrant agreements. We may seek to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association or governing instruments
in a manner that will make it easier for us to complete our initial business combination that our shareholders may not support. 

In order to effectuate a business combination,
blank check companies have, in the recent past, amended various provisions of their charters and governing instruments, including their
warrant agreements. For example, blank check companies have amended the definition of business combination, increased redemption thresholds,
extended the time to consummate a business combination and, with respect to their warrants, amended their warrant agreements to require
the warrants to be exchanged for cash and/or other securities. Amending our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association
will require at least a special resolution of our shareholders as a matter of Cayman Islands law, meaning the approval of holders of at
least two-thirds of our ordinary shares who attend and vote at a general meeting of the company, and amending our warrant agreement will
require a vote of holders of at least 50 of the public warrants and, solely with respect to any amendment to the terms of the private
placement warrants or any provision of the warrant agreement with respect to the private placement warrants, 50 of the number of the
then outstanding private placement warrants. In addition, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association will require
us to provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their public shares for cash if we propose an amendment to our amended
and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) that would modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders
of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem
100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination by the Termination Date, or (B) with respect to any other
provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares or pre-initial business combination activity. To the extent
any of such amendments would be deemed to fundamentally change the nature of any of the securities offered through this registration statement,
we would register, or seek an exemption from registration for, the affected securities. 

The provisions of our amended and restated memorandum
and articles of association that relate to our pre-business combination activity (and corresponding provisions of the agreement governing
the release of funds from our trust account) may be amended with the approval of a special resolution which requires the approval of the
holders of at least two-thirds of our ordinary shares who attend and vote at a general meeting of the company, which is a lower amendment
threshold than that of some other blank check companies. It may be easier for us, therefore, to amend our amended and restated memorandum
and articles of association to facilitate the completion of an initial business combination that some of our shareholders may not support. 

Some other blank check companies have a provision
in their charter which prohibits the amendment of certain of its provisions, including those which relate to a company s pre-business
combination activity, without approval by a certain percentage of the company s shareholders. In those companies, amendment of these
provisions typically requires approval by between 90 and 100 of the company s shareholders. Our amended and restated memorandum
and articles of association provides that any of its provisions related to pre-business combination activity (including the requirement
to deposit proceeds of the IPO and the sale of the private placement warrants into the trust account and not release such amounts except
in specified circumstances, and to provide redemption rights to public shareholders as described herein) may be amended if approved by
special resolution, meaning holders of at least two-thirds of our ordinary shares who attend and vote at a general meeting of the company,
and corresponding provisions of the trust agreement governing the release of funds from our trust account may be amended if approved by
holders of at least two-thirds of our ordinary shares who attend and vote at a general meeting of the company; provided that the provisions
of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association governing the appointment or removal of directors prior to our initial
business combination may only be amended by a special resolution passed by holders representing at least two-thirds of our issued and
outstanding Class B ordinary shares. Our initial shareholders, and their permitted transferees, if any, who will collectively beneficially
own, on an as-converted basis, 63.3 of our Class A ordinary shares following the Extension Meeting, will participate in any vote to amend
our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association and/or trust agreement and will have the discretion to vote in any manner
they choose. As a result, we may be able to amend the provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association which
govern our pre-business combination behavior more easily than some other blank check companies, and this may increase our ability to complete
a business combination with which you do not agree. Our shareholders may pursue remedies against us for any breach of our amended and
restated memorandum and articles of association. 

46 

Our sponsor, executive officers, directors and
director nominees have agreed, pursuant to a written agreement with us, that they will not propose any amendment to our amended and restated
memorandum and articles of association (A) that would modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class
A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our
public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination by the Termination Date, or (B) with respect to any other provision
relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares or pre-initial business combination activity; unless we provide our public
shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their Class A ordinary shares upon approval of any such amendment at a per-share price, payable
in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust
account and not previously released to us to pay our income taxes, if any, divided by the number of the then-outstanding public shares.
Our shareholders are not parties to, or third-party beneficiaries of, this agreement and, as a result, will not have the ability to pursue
remedies against our sponsor, executive officers, directors or director nominees for any breach of this agreement. As a result, in the
event of a breach, our shareholders would need to pursue a shareholder derivative action, subject to applicable law. 

Our letter agreement with our sponsor, officers
and directors may be amended without shareholder approval. 

Our letter agreement with our sponsor, affiliates
of our sponsor, officers and directors contain provisions relating to transfer restrictions of our founder shares and private placement
warrants, indemnification of the trust account, waiver of redemption rights and participation in liquidating distributions from the trust
account. The letter agreement may be amended without shareholder approval. While we do not expect our board to approve any amendment to
the letter agreement prior to our initial business combination, it may be possible that our board, in exercising its business judgment
and subject to its fiduciary duties, chooses to approve one or more amendments to the letter agreement. Any such amendments to the letter
agreement would not require approval from our shareholders and may have an adverse effect on the value of an investment in our securities. 

We may be unable to obtain additional financing
to complete our initial business combination or to fund the operations and growth of a target business, which could compel us to restructure
or abandon a particular business combination. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public shareholders may
receive only approximately 10.00 per public share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our trust account and our
warrants will expire worthless. 

Although we believe that the net proceeds of the
IPO and the sale of the private placement warrants will be sufficient to allow us to complete our initial business combination, because
we have not yet selected any prospective target business we cannot ascertain the capital requirements for any particular transaction.
If the net proceeds of the IPO and the sale of the private placement warrants prove to be insufficient, either because of the size of
our initial business combination, the depletion of the available net proceeds in search of a target business, the obligation to redeem
for cash a significant number of shares from shareholders who elect redemption in connection with our initial business combination or
the terms of negotiated transactions to purchase shares in connection with our initial business combination, we may be required to seek
additional financing or to abandon the proposed business combination. Such financing may not be available on acceptable terms, if at all.
The current economic environment may make difficult for companies to obtain acquisition financing. To the extent that additional financing
proves to be unavailable when needed to complete our initial business combination, we would be compelled to either restructure the transaction
or abandon that particular business combination and seek an alternative target business candidate. If we do not complete our initial business
combination within the required time period, our public shareholders may receive only approximately 10.00 per public share, or less in
certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless. In addition, even if we do not
need additional financing to complete our initial business combination, we may require such financing to fund the operations or growth
of the target business. The failure to secure additional financing could have a material adverse effect on the continued development or
growth of the target business. None of our officers, directors or shareholders is required to provide any financing to us in connection
with or after our initial business combination. 

47 

Our initial shareholders control a substantial
interest in us and thus may exert a substantial influence on actions requiring a shareholder vote, potentially in a manner that you do
not support. 

Following the Extension Meeting, our initial shareholders
own, on an as-converted basis, 63.3 of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares. Accordingly, they may exert a substantial influence
on actions requiring a shareholder vote, potentially in a manner that you do not support, including amendments to our amended and restated
memorandum and articles of association. If our initial shareholders purchases any units in the IPO or if our initial shareholders purchases
any additional Class A ordinary shares in the aftermarket or in privately negotiated transactions, this would increase their control.
Neither our sponsor nor, to our knowledge, any of our officers or directors, have any current intention to purchase additional securities,
other than as disclosed in this Annual Report. Factors that would be considered in making such additional purchases would include consideration
of the current trading price of our Class A ordinary shares. In addition, our board of directors, whose members were elected by our sponsor,
is and will be divided into three classes, each of which will generally serve for a term of three years with only one class of directors
being elected in each year. We may not hold an annual general meeting to appoint new directors prior to the completion of our initial
business combination, in which case all of the current directors will continue in office until at least the completion of the business
combination. If there is an annual general meeting, as a consequence of our staggered board of directors, only a minority
of the board of directors will be considered for election and our sponsor, because of its ownership position, will control the outcome,
as only holders of our Class B ordinary shares will have the right to vote on the election of directors and to remove directors prior
to our initial business combination. Accordingly, our sponsor will continue to exert control at least until the completion of our initial
business combination. In addition, we have agreed not to enter into a definitive agreement regarding an initial business combination without
the prior consent of our sponsor. 

We may amend the terms of the warrants in a
manner that may be adverse to holders of public warrants with the approval by the holders of at least 50 of the then outstanding public
warrants. As a result, the exercise price of your warrants could be increased, the exercise period could be shortened and the number of
our Class A ordinary shares purchasable upon exercise of a warrant could be decreased, all without your approval. 

Our warrants were issued in registered form under
a warrant agreement between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as warrant agent, and us. The warrant agreement provides that
the terms of the warrants may be amended without the consent of any holder to cure any ambiguity or correct any defective provision or
correct any mistake, including to conform the provisions of the warrant agreement to the description of the terms of the warrants and
the warrant agreement set forth in this Annual Report, but requires the approval by the holders of at least 50 of the then- outstanding
public warrants to make any change that adversely affects the interests of the registered holders of public warrants. Accordingly, we
may amend the terms of the public warrants in a manner adverse to a holder if holders of at least 50 of the then-outstanding public warrants
approve of such amendment and, solely with respect to any amendment to the terms of the private placement warrants or any provision of
the warrant agreement with respect to the private placement warrants, 50 of the number of the then outstanding private placement warrants.
Although our ability to amend the terms of the public warrants with the consent of at least 50 of the then-outstanding public warrants
is unlimited, examples of such amendments could be amendments to, among other things, increase the exercise price of the warrants, convert
the warrants into cash, shorten the exercise period or decrease the number of Class A ordinary shares purchasable upon exercise of a warrant.
We may redeem your unexpired warrants prior to their exercise at a time that is disadvantageous to you, thereby making your warrants worthless. 

A provision of our warrant agreement may make
it more difficult for us to consummate an initial business combination. 

If (x) we issue additional Class A ordinary shares
or equity linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection with the closing of our initial business combination at an issue
price or effective issue price of less than 9.20 per Class A ordinary share (with such issue price or effective issue price to be determined
in good faith by our board of directors and, in the case of any such issuance to our initial shareholders or their affiliates, without
taking into account any founder shares held by our initial shareholders or such affiliates, as applicable, prior to such issuance including
any transfer or reissuance of such shares), (y) the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent more than 60 of the total
equity proceeds, and interest thereon, available for the funding of our initial business combination, and (z) the volume-weighted average
trading price of our Class A ordinary shares during the 10 trading day period starting on the trading day after the day on which we consummate
our initial business combination (such price, the Market Value is below 9.20 per share, the exercise price of the warrants
will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 115 of the Market Value, and the 10.00 and 18.00 per share redemption trigger
prices of the warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 100 and 180 of the Market Value, respectively. This may
make it more difficult for us to consummate an initial business combination with a target business. 

48 

Our warrant agreement designates the courts
of the State of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York as the sole and exclusive forum for
certain types of actions and proceedings that may be initiated by holders of our warrants, which could limit the ability of warrant holders
to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with our company. 

Our warrant agreement provides that, subject to
applicable law, (i) any action, proceeding or claim against us arising out of or relating in any way to the warrant agreement, including
under the Securities Act, will be brought and enforced in the courts of the State of New York or the United States District Court for
the Southern District of New York, and (ii) that we irrevocably submit to such jurisdiction, which jurisdiction shall be the exclusive
forum for any such action, proceeding or claim. We will waive any objection to such exclusive jurisdiction and that such courts represent
an inconvenient forum. 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, these provisions
of the warrant agreement will not apply to suits brought to enforce any liability or duty created by the Exchange Act or any other claim
for which the federal district courts of the United States of America are the sole and exclusive forum. Any person or entity purchasing
or otherwise acquiring any interest in any of our warrants shall be deemed to have notice of and to have consented to the forum provisions
in our warrant agreement. If any action, the subject matter of which is within the scope of the forum provisions of the warrant agreement,
is filed in a court other than a court of the State of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York
(a foreign action in the name of any holder of our warrants, such holder shall be deemed to have consented to: (x) the
personal jurisdiction of the state and federal courts located in the State of New York in connection with any action brought in any such
court to enforce the forum provisions (an enforcement action ), and (y) having service of process made upon such warrant
holder in any such enforcement action by service upon such warrant holder s counsel in the foreign action as agent for such warrant
holder. 

This choice-of-forum provision may limit a warrant
holder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with our company, which may discourage
such lawsuits. Alternatively, if a court were to find this provision of our warrant agreement inapplicable or unenforceable with respect
to one or more of the specified types of actions or proceedings, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such matters
in other jurisdictions, which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations and result
in a diversion of the time and resources of our team and board of directors. 

Risks Associated with Acquiring and Operating a Business in Non-U.S.
Countries 

If we pursue a target company with operations
or opportunities outside of the United States for our initial business combination, we may face additional burdens in connection with
investigating, agreeing to and completing such initial business combination, and if we effect such initial business combination, we would
be subject to a variety of additional risks that may negatively impact our operations. 

If we pursue a target a company with operations
or opportunities outside of the United States for our initial business combination, we would be subject to risks associated with cross-border
business combinations, including in connection with investigating, agreeing to and completing our initial business combination, conducting
due diligence in a foreign jurisdiction, having such transaction approved by any local governments, regulators or agencies and changes
in the purchase price based on fluctuations in foreign exchange rates. 

If we effect our initial business combination with
such a company, we would be subject to any special considerations or risks associated with companies operating in an international setting,
including any of the following: 

costs and difficulties inherent in managing cross-border business operations; 

rules and regulations regarding currency redemption; 

49 

complex corporate withholding taxes on individuals; 

laws governing the manner in which future business combinations may be effected; 

exchange listing and/or delisting requirements; 

tariffs and trade barriers; 

regulations related to customs and import/export matters; 

local or regional economic policies and market conditions; 

unexpected changes in regulatory requirements; 

longer payment cycles; 

tax issues, such as tax law changes and variations in tax laws as compared to United States tax laws; 

currency fluctuations and exchange controls; 

rates of inflation; 

challenges in collecting accounts receivable; 

cultural and language differences; 

employment regulations; 

underdeveloped or unpredictable legal or regulatory systems; 

corruption; 

protection of intellectual property; 

social unrest, crime, strikes, riots and civil disturbances; 

regime changes and political upheaval, including as a result of the current conflict between Russia and Ukraine; 

terrorist attacks, natural disasters, pandemics and wars; 

and deterioration of political relations with the United States. 

We may not be able to adequately address these
additional risks. If we were unable to do so, we may be unable to complete such initial business combination, or, if we complete such
combination, our operations might suffer, either of which may adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

50 

If our team following our initial business combination
is unfamiliar with United States securities laws, they may have to expend time and resources becoming familiar with such laws, which could
lead to various regulatory issues. 

Following our initial business combination, our
team may resign from their positions as officers or directors of the company and the management of the target business at the time of
the business combination will remain in place. Management of the target business may not be familiar with United States securities laws.
If new management is unfamiliar with United States securities laws, they may have to expend time and resourcesness combination will remain in place. Management of the target business may not be familiar with United States securities laws.
If new management is unfamiliar with United States securities laws, they may have to expend time and resourc becoming familiar with
such laws. This could be expensive and time-consuming and could lead to various regulatory issues which may adversely affect our operations. 

After our initial business combination, substantially
all of our assets may be located in a foreign country and substantially all of our revenue may be derived from our operations in such
country. Accordingly, our results of operations and prospects will be subject, to a significant extent, to the economic, political and
social conditions and government policies, developments and conditions in the country in which we operate. 

The economic, political and social conditions,
as well as government policies, of the country in which our operations are located could affect our business. Economic growth could be
uneven, both geographically and among various sectors of the economy and such growth may not be sustained in the future. If in the future
such country s economy experiences a downturn or grows at a slower rate than expected, there may be less demand for spending in
certain industries. A decrease in demand for spending in certain industries could materially and adversely affect our ability to find
an attractive target business with which to consummate our initial business combination and if we effect our initial business combination,
the ability of that target business to become profitable. 

Exchange rate fluctuations and currency policies
may cause a target business ability to succeed in the international markets to be diminished. 

In the event we acquire a non-U.S. target, all
revenues and income would likely be received in a foreign currency, and the dollar equivalent of our net assets and distributions, if
any, could be adversely affected by reductions in the value of the local currency. The value of the currencies in our target regions fluctuate
and are affected by, among other things, changes in political and economic conditions. Any change in the relative value of such currency
against our reporting currency may affect the attractiveness of any target business or, following consummation of our initial business
combination, our financial condition and results of operations. Additionally, if a currency appreciates in value against the dollar prior
to the consummation of our initial business combination, the cost of a target business as measured in dollars will increase, which may
make it less likely that we are able to consummate such transaction. 

We may reincorporate in another jurisdiction
in connection with our initial business combination, and the laws of such jurisdiction may govern some or all of our future material agreements
and we may not be able to enforce our legal rights. 

In connection with our initial business combination,
we may relocate the home jurisdiction of our business from the Cayman Islands to another jurisdiction. If we determine to do this, the
laws of such jurisdiction may govern some or all of our future material agreements. The system of laws and the enforcement of existing
laws in such jurisdiction may not be as certain in implementation and interpretation as in the United States. The inability to enforce
or obtain a remedy under any of our future agreements could result in a significant loss of business, business opportunities or capital. 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 

None. 

Item 2. Property 

We currently maintain our executive offices at
200 Park Avenue, 32nd Floor New York, NY, 10166. The cost for the space is included in the up to 10,000 monthly fee that we pay our sponsor
for office space, administrative and support services. We consider our current office space adequate for our current operations. 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings 

To the knowledge of our management, there is no
material litigation, arbitration or governmental proceeding currently pending against us or any members of our management team in their
capacity as such. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 

Not applicable. 

51 

PART II 

Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder
Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

(a) Market Information 

Our units, Class A ordinary shares and warrants
are each traded on the NYSE under the symbols CSTA.U, CSTA and CSTA.W, respectively. Our units
commenced public trading on January 27, 2021. Our Class A ordinary shares and warrants began separate trading on March 18, 2021. 

(b) Holders 

On March 30, 2023, there was 1 holder of record
of our Units, 1 holder of record of our Class A ordinary shares, 4 holders of record of our Class B ordinary shares, 1 holder of record
of our public warrants, and 1 holder of record of our private placement warrants. 

(c) Dividends 

We have not paid any cash dividends on our ordinary
shares to date and do not intend to pay cash dividends prior to the completion of our initial business combination. The payment of cash
dividends in the future will be dependent upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital requirements and general financial condition
subsequent to completion of our initial business combination. The payment of any cash dividends subsequent to our initial business combination
will be within the discretion of our board of directors at such time. In addition, our board of directors is not currently contemplating
and does not anticipate declaring any share dividends in the foreseeable future. Further, if we incur any indebtedness in connection with
a business combination, our ability to declare dividends may be limited by restrictive covenants we may agree to in connection therewith. 

(d) Securities Authorized
for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans 

None. 

(e) Performance Graph 

Not applicable. 

(f) Recent Sales of Unregistered
Securities; Use of Proceeds from Registered Offerings 

Unregistered Sales 

In November 2020, we issued an aggregate of 8,625,000
Class B ordinary shares to one of our officers for an aggregate purchase price of 25,000 (the founder shares ). In December
2020, the founder shares were assigned to our sponsor for the same purchase price initially paid by one of our officers. In January 2021,
our sponsor transferred 129,375 founder shares to our independent directors. In March 2021, each independent director forfeited 4,375
founder shares and our sponsor forfeited 861,875 founder shares. On January 26, 2023, the Sponsor underwent a reorganization pursuant
to which the limited partners of the Sponsor transferred all of their limited partnership interests to New Sponsor. On January 30, 2023,
Klaus Kleinfeld, Hugo Banziger, Vesna Nevistic, Martin Weckwerth and Charles Stonehill tendered their resignations as directors of the
Company. As a result, our New Sponsor now owns 7,633,750 founder shares and the independent directors each own 38,750 founder shares. 

52 

The founder shares will automatically convert into
Class A ordinary shares on the first business day following the completion of our initial business combination on a one-for-one basis,
subject to certain adjustments. In the case that additional Class A ordinary shares, or equity-linked securities convertible or exercisable
for Class A ordinary shares, are issued or deemed issued in excess of the amounts issued in our initial public offering and related to
the closing of our initial business combination, the ratio at which founder shares will convert into Class A ordinary shares will be adjusted
(subject to waiver by holders of a majority of the Class B ordinary shares then in issue) so that the number of Class A ordinary shares
issuable upon conversion of all Class B ordinary shares will equal, in the aggregate, on an as-converted basis, 63.3 of the sum of our
ordinary shares issued and outstanding following the Extension Meeting plus the number of Class A ordinary shares and equity-linked securities
issued or deemed issued in connection with our initial business combination (net of redemptions), excluding the representative shares
and any Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked securities issued, or to be issued, to any seller in our initial business combination
and any private placement warrants issued to our sponsor, an affiliate of our sponsor or any of our officers or directors. 

With certain limited exceptions, the founder shares
are not transferable, assignable or salable (except to our officers and directors and other persons or entities affiliated with our sponsor,
each of whom are subject to the same transfer restrictions) until the earlier of (A) one year after the completion of our initial business
combination or (B) subsequent to our initial business combination, (x) if the last reported sale price of the ordinary shares equals or
exceeds 12.00 per share (as adjusted for share splits, share dividends, rights issuances, subdivisions, reorganizations, recapitalizations
and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after our initial business combination,
or (y) the date following the completion of our initial business combination on which we complete a liquidation, merger, share exchange,
reorganization or other similar transaction that results in all of our public shareholders having the right to exchange their Class A
ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property. 

Our sponsor purchased 5,466,667 private placement
warrants at a price of 1.50 per warrant in a private placement that occurred concurrently with the closing of our initial public offering
and generated gross proceeds of 8,200,000. Each private placement warrant is exercisable for one Class A ordinary share at a price of
 11.50 per share. The proceeds from the sale of the private placement warrants were added to the net proceeds from the initial public
offering held in the trust account. If we do not complete a business combination by the Termination Date, the private placement warrants
will expire worthless. The private placement warrants are non-redeemable and exercisable on a cashless basis so long as they are held
by our sponsor or its permitted transferees. The sale of the private placement warrants was made pursuant to the exemption from registration
contained in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act. 

Use of Proceeds 

Of the 318,200,000 in proceeds we received from
our initial public offering and the sale of the private placement warrants, a total of 310,000,000, including 10,850,000 payable to
the underwriter for deferred underwriting commissions, was placed in a U.S.-based trust account maintained by Continental Stock Transfer 
Trust Company, acting as trustee. 

There has been no material change in the planned
use of proceeds from such use as described in the company s final prospectus (File No. 333- 251974), dated January 26, 2021, which
was declared effective by the SEC on January 28, 2021. 

(g) Purchases of Equity
Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers 

On January 24, 2023, we held an Extension Meeting
to, in part, amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association to extend the date by which we have to consummate a
business combination. In connection with that vote, the holders of 26,506,157 Class A ordinary shares of the Company properly exercised
their right to redeem their shares for an aggregate price of approximately 10.167 per share, for an aggregate redemption amount of approximately
 269,485,746. After the satisfaction of such redemptions, the balance in our trust account was approximately 46,138,503. 

53 

Item 6. [Reserved]. 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations Liquidity and Going Concern Consideration 

The following discussion
and analysis of the Company s financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our audited financial
statements and the notes related thereto which are included in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Certain information contained in the discussion and analysis set forth below includes forward-looking
statements. Our actual results may differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of many factors,
including those set forth under Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements, Item 1A. Risk Factors 
and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Overview 

We are a blank check company
incorporated in Cayman Islands on November 20, 2020. We were formed for the purpose of effecting a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition,
share purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses (the Business Combination ). 

Our Sponsor is Constellation
Sponsor GmbH Co. KG, a German limited partnership. The registration statement for the Initial Public Offering was declared effective
on January 26, 2021. On January 29, 2021, we consummated the Initial Public Offering of 31,000,000 Units, at 10.00 per Unit, generating
gross proceeds of 310.0 million, and incurring offering costs of 17,586,741 million, inclusive of 10,850,000 million in deferred underwriting
commissions. 

Simultaneously with the
closing of the Initial Public Offering, we consummated the Private Placement of 5,466,667 Private Placement Warrants, at a price of 1.50
per Private Placement Warrant to our Sponsor, generating gross proceeds to us of 8.2 million. 

Since the closing of the
Initial Public Offering and the Private Placement, 310.00 million 10.00 per Unit) of the net proceeds of the Initial Public Offering
and certain of the proceeds of the Private Placement was placed in the Trust Account and was invested in permitted United States government
securities within the meaning of Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, having a maturity of 185 days
or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 promulgated under the Investment Company Act that invest only
in direct U.S. government treasury obligations. 

Our management has broad
discretion with respect to the specific application of the net proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and the sale of the Private Placement
Warrants, although substantially all of the net proceeds are intended to be applied generally toward consummating a Business Combination. 

We will only have until the Termination Date to
complete our initial Business Combination (the Combination Period ). If we do not complete a Business Combination within
this period of time, we will (i) cease all operations except for the purposes of winding up; (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible,
but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the Public Shares for a per share pro rata portion of the Trust Account, including
interest and not previously released to us to fund our working capital requirements (less taxes payable and up to 100,000 of such net
interest to pay dissolution expenses) and (iii) as promptly as possible following such redemption, dissolve and liquidate the balance
of our net assets to our remaining shareholders, as part of our plan of dissolution and liquidation. Our Sponsor and our executive officers
and independent director nominees (the initial shareholders entered into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which
they have waived their rights to participate in any redemption with respect to their Founder Shares; however, if the initial shareholders
or any of our officers, directors or affiliates acquire ordinary shares in or after the Initial Public Offering, they will be entitled
to a pro rata share of the Trust Account upon our redemption or liquidation in the event we do not complete a Business Combination within
the required time period. In the event of such distribution, it is possible that the per share value of the residual assets remaining
available for distribution (including Trust Account assets) will be less than the Initial Public Offering price per Unit in the Initial
Public Offering. 

On January 27, 2023, the Company held the Extension
Meeting to amend the Company s amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (the Articles Amendment to extend the date by which the Company has to consummate a business combination from the Original Termination Date to the
Articles Extension Date and to allow the Company, without another shareholder vote, to elect to extend the date to consummate a business
combination on a monthly basis for up to nine times by an additional one month each time after the Articles Extension Date, by resolution
of the Company s board of directors if requested by the Sponsor, and upon five days advance notice prior to the applicable
new Termination Date of January 29, 2024, or a total of up to twelve months after the Original Termination Date, unless the closing of
the Company s initial business combination shall have occurred prior to such date (the Extension Amendment Proposal ).
The shareholders of the Company approved the Extension Amendment Proposal at the Extension Meeting and on January 31, 2023, the
Company filed the Articles Amendment with the Registrar of Companies of the Cayman Islands. 

54 

Liquidity and Going Concern Consideration 

As of December 31, 2022, the Company had 37,743 in its operating bank
account and a working capital deficit of 1,161,579. 

The Company is within 12 months of its mandatory
liquidation as of the time of filing this 10K. In connection with the Company s assessment of going concern considerations in accordance
with Accounting Standards Update ASU 2014-15, Disclosures of Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability to Continue
as a Going Concern, the liquidity condition and mandatory liquidation raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability
to continue as a going concern until the earlier of the consummation of the Business Combination or the Termination Date. 

These financial statements do not include any adjustments
relating to the recovery of the recorded assets or the classification of the liabilities that might be necessary should the Company be
unable to continue as a going concern. 

If the Company s estimates of the costs of
identifying a target business, undertaking in-depth due diligence and negotiating a Business Combination are less than the actual amount
necessary to do so, the Company may have insufficient funds available to operate its business prior to an Initial Business Combination.
Moreover, the Company may need to obtain additional financing either to complete an Initial Business Combination or because it becomes
obligated to redeem a significant number of its public shares upon completion of an Initial Business Combination, in which case the Company
may issue additional securities or incur debt in connection with such Initial Business Combination. 

On January 24, 2023, we held an Extension Meeting
to, in part, amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association to extend the date by which we have to consummate a
business combination. In connection with that vote, the holders of 26,506,157 Class A ordinary shares of the Company properly exercised
their right to redeem their shares for an aggregate price of approximately 10.167 per share, for an aggregate redemption amount of approximately
 269,485,746. After the satisfaction of such redemptions, the balance in our trust account was approximately 46,138,503. 

Results of Operations 

Our entire activity from inception through December
31, 2022 related to our formation, the preparation for the Initial Public Offering, and since the closing of the Initial Public Offering,
the search for a prospective initial Business Combination. We have neither engaged in any operations nor generated any revenues to date.
We will not generate any operating revenues until after completion of our initial Business Combination. We will generate non-operating
income in the form of interest income and dividends on investments held in Trust Account. We expect to incur increased expenses as a result
of being a public company (for legal, financial reporting, accounting and auditing compliance), as well as for due diligence expenses. 

For the year ended December 31, 2022, we had
a net income of approximately 12.88 million, which included a gain from the change in fair value of warrant liability of 9.5
million and interest earned on cash and investments held in Trust Account of 4.47 million, offset by a loss from operations of 1.1
million. 

For the year ended December 31, 2021, we had
a net income of approximately 15.73 million, which included a gain from the change in fair value of warrant liability of 20.97
million and interest earned on cash and investments held in Trust Account of 0.04 million, offset by a loss from operations of
 1.54 million, excess fair value over cash received for private warrants of 2.60 million and offering cost expense allocated to
warrants of 1.15 million. 

55 

Contractual Obligations 

We do not have any long-term debt obligations,
capital lease obligations, operating lease obligations, purchase obligations or long-term liabilities. 

Registration Rights 

The initial shareholders and holders of the Private
Placement Warrants will be entitled to registration rights pursuant to a registration rights agreement. The initial shareholders and holders
of the Private Placement Warrants will be entitled to make up to three demands, excluding short form registration demands, that register
such securities for sale under the Securities Act. In addition, these holders will have piggy-back registration rights to
include their securities in other registration statements filed by us. We will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing
of any such registration statements. 

Underwriting Agreement 

We paid an underwriting discount of 2 of the per
Unit offering price, or approximately 6,200,000 million in the aggregate at the closing of the Initial Public Offering, and agreed to
pay an additional fee (the Deferred Underwriting Fees of 3.5 of the gross offering proceeds, or approximately 10,850,000
in the aggregate upon the Company s completion of an Initial Business Combination. The Deferred Underwriting Fees will become payable
to the underwriters from the amounts held in the Trust Account solely in the event the Company completes its initial Business Combination. 

Critical Accounting Estimates 

This management s discussion and analysis of our financial condition
and results of operations is based on our financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. The preparation
of these financial statements requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues
and expenses and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities in our financial statements. On an ongoing basis, we evaluate our
estimates and judgments, including those related to fair value of financial instruments and accrued expenses. We base our estimates on
historical experience, known trends and events and various other factors that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances, the
results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent
from other sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. As of the reporting period
we have not identified any critical accounting estimates. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 

As of December 31, 2022, we did not have any off-balance
sheet arrangements as defined in Item 303(a)(4)(ii) of Regulation S-K. 

Inflation 

We do not believe that inflation had a material
impact on our business, revenues or operating results during the period presented. 

JOBS Act 

The Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012
(the JOBS Act contains provisions that, among other things, relax certain reporting requirements for qualifying public
companies. We qualify as an emerging growth company and under the JOBS Act are allowed to comply with new or revised accounting
pronouncements based on the effective date for private (not publicly traded) companies. We are electing to delay the adoption of new or
revised accounting standards, and as a result, we may not comply with new or revised accounting standards on the relevant dates on which
adoption of such standards is required for non-emerging growth companies. As a result, the financial statements may not be comparable
to companies that comply with new or revised accounting pronouncements as of public company effective dates. 

56 

Additionally, we are in the process of evaluating
the benefits of relying on the other reduced reporting requirements provided by the JOBS Act. Subject to certain conditions set forth
in the JOBS Act, if, as an emerging growth company, we choose to rely on such exemptions we may not be required to, among
other things, (i) provide an auditor s attestation report on our system of internal controls over financial reporting pursuant to
Section 404, (ii) provide all of the compensation disclosure that may be required of non-emerging growth public companies under the Dodd-Frank
Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, (iii) comply with any requirement that may be adopted by the Public Company Accounting
Oversight Board regarding mandatory audit firm rotation or a supplement to the auditor s report providing additional information
about the audit and the financial statements (auditor discussion and analysis) and (iv) disclose certain executive compensation related
items such as the correlation between executive compensation and performance and comparisons of the CEO s compensation to median
employee compensation. These exemptions will apply for a period of five years following the completion of our Initial Public Offering
or until we are no longer an emerging growth company, whichever is earlier. 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market
Risk 

We are a smaller reporting company as defined by
Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act and are not required to provide the information otherwise required under this item. 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

This information appears following Item 15 of this
Report and is included herein by reference. 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting
and Financial Disclosure 

None. 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 

Disclosure controls are procedures that are designed
with the objective of ensuring that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed,
summarized, and reported within the time period specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls are also designed with
the objective of ensuring that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including the Chief Executive Officer
and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

As required by Rules 13a-15 and 15d-15 under the
Exchange Act, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer carried out an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and
operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2022. Based upon their evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer
and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the
Exchange Act) were effective. Accordingly, management believes that the financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K
present fairly in all material respects our financial position, results of operations and cash flows for the periods presented. 

We do not expect that our disclosure controls and
procedures will prevent all errors and all instances of fraud. Disclosure controls and procedures, no matter how well conceived and operated,
can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the disclosure controls and procedures are met. Further, the
design of disclosure controls and procedures must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits must be considered
relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all disclosure controls and procedures, no evaluation of disclosure controls
and procedures can provide absolute assurance that we have detected all our control deficiencies and instances of fraud, if any. 

The design of disclosure controls and procedures
also is based partly on certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will
succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions. 

57 

Management s Report on Internal Controls Over Financial
Reporting 

As required by SEC rules and regulations implementing
Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial
reporting. Our internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial
reporting and the preparation of our financial statements for external reporting purposes in accordance with GAAP. Our internal control
over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that: 

(1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable
detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of our company, 

(2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded
as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP, and that our receipts and expenditures are being
made only in accordance with authorizations of our management and directors, and 

(3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely
detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control
over financial reporting may not prevent or detect errors or misstatements in our financial statements. Also, projections of any evaluation
of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that
the degree or compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Management assessed the effectiveness of our internal control
over financial reporting at December 31, 2022. In making these assessments, management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of
Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013). Based on our assessments
and those criteria, management determined that we maintained effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. 

This Annual Report on Form 10-K does not include
an attestation report of our independent registered public accounting firm due to our status as an emerging growth company under the JOBS
Act. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

There was no changes in our internal control over
financial reporting during the most recent fiscal quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect,
our internal control over financial reporting. 

Item 9B. Other Information. 

None. 

Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent
Inspections. 

Not applicable. 

58 

PART III 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 

Directors and Executive Officers 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position 
 
 Officers 

Chandra R. Patel 
 
 57 
 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 
 Richard C. Davis 
 
 57 
 
 President 
 
 Jarett Goldman 
 
 36 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 Graeme Shaw 
 
 52 
 
 Chief Technology Officer 
 
 Directors 

Chandra R. Patel 
 
 57 
 
 Chairman and Director 
 
 Richard C. Davis 
 
 56 
 
 Director 
 
 Heiko Faass 
 
 47 
 
 Independent Director 
 
 Nicole Schepanek 
 
 48 
 
 Independent Director 
 
 Bob Stefanowski 
 
 60 
 
 Independent Director 

Management 

Chandra R. Patel is the founder
of Antarctica Capital and has served as the managing partner of Antarctica Capital since 2010. Antarctica Capital is an international
private equity firm headquartered in New York with offices in the UK and India. Mr. Patel is responsible for Antarctica Capital s
strategic direction and core relationships and leads the firm s key expansion initiatives. He developed the real assets business
for Antarctica Capital and its SIGA , SARO and SEREY investment strategies. Mr. Patel co-founded Antarctica
Capital s private equity business and raised its first real estate fund. Mr. Patel has served as the Chief Executive Officer and
Chairman of the board of Global Partner Acquisition Corp. II GPAC since January 2023. Mr. Patel served as the chairman
of the board of directors of Endurance Acquisition Corp. Endurance from April 2021 until the completion of
its business combination with SatixFy Communications Ltd. SatixFy in October 2022. Previously, he invested in a
portfolio of companies in technology and healthcare, and he was involved in a number of cross-border transactions and policy initiatives.
Mr. Patel also founded and held senior management positions at a variety of technology and information services companies and was
an associate at a leading New York law firm. He sits on the boards of Weddell Re and EarthDaily Analytics Corp. Mr. Patel graduated
from the University of Kansas (Bachelors of Arts), Summa Cum Laude, London School of Economics (Master of Science), and Boston College
(Juris Doctor). We believe that Mr. Patel is well qualified to serve on our board due to his extensive experience in private
equity transactions and as the founder and managing partner of Antarctica Capital. 

Richard C. Davis is a highly
experienced executive with over 25 years of experience in corporate finance, private equity and the space industry. Mr. Davis has
served as the President of GPAC since January 2023. Mr. Davis has served as a member of the board of SatixFy since October 2022. Prior
to that, he served as the chief executive officer and a member of the board of directors of Endurance from April 2021 until the completion
of its business combination with SatixFy in October 2022. Since March 2021, he has served as a managing director of ADP. He is also
a founder and managing member of ArgoSat Advisors, a premier global advisory firm focused on the space industry that was founded in 2009.
As part of his duties with ArgoSat, Mr. Davis sits on the board of Sky and Space Corporation. Prior to ArgoSat, Mr. Davis was
president, and later interim-CFO, for ProtoStar, a communications satellite operator which raised over 500 million and launched
two DTH satellites over Asia. Earlier in his career, Mr. Davis was a private equity investor Principal at VantagePoint Venture Partners,
a private equity and venture capital firm with 4 billion of assets under management. His focus was on media/telecom as well as semiconductors/semiconductor
capital equipment. Before that he was a vice president and founding member of the Lehman Brothers Communication Fund which was an 800 million
private equity fund focused on communications infrastructure investments. In these roles, Mr. Davis was involved in equity and debt
investments, asset acquisitions and dispositions and mergers and other business combinations or spin-offs for approximately two dozen
companies in various investment lifecycle stages. Mr. Davis started his corporate finance career as an associate at Salomon Brothers.
Mr. Davis was formerly an instructor pilot in the United States Air Force. He received his B.S. in Astrophysics (cum laude) from
the University of Minnesota, and his MBA from the University of Virginia. We believe that Mr. Davis is well qualified to serve on our
board due to his extensive experience in private equity transactions. 

59 

Jarett Goldman is an experienced
investment professional with 15+ years of global experience in corporate finance, principal investing, and capital markets. Mr. Goldman
has served as the Chief Financial Officer of GPAC since January 2023. Mr. Goldman is currently a director at Antarctica Capital and is
responsible for transaction execution, asset management and business development within the firm s digital infrastructure and real assets-focused
investment strategies. He possesses experience across capital markets, investment, and business development roles with a recent focus
on digital, transportation, and space infrastructure. Prior to his role at Antarctica Capital, Mr. Goldman held a number of positions
at Citi in New York and Hong Kong. In his last position he served as a vice president and regional product head for Citi s Issuer Services
business in Asia Pacific, with full P L responsibility over 18 countries and oversight over strategy, product development, transaction
structuring, marketing, operations, technology and financial management. Mr. Goldman holds a Bachelor of Science in Policy Analysis and
Management and Mandarin Chinese from Cornell University and a Master of Business Administration from Columbia Business School. 

Graeme Shaw is an innovative,
respected technologist and business strategist with over two decades of progressive experience in the aerospace and telecommunications
industries. An expert in satellite engineering, telecommunications and business development, Dr. Shaw has extensive global experience
in conceiving, designing, selling, buying, financing, managing, monitoring and operating satellite and technology projects. Mr. Shaw
has served as the Chief Technology Officer of GPAC since January 2023. Mr. Shaw served as the chief technology officer of Endurance from
September 2021 until the completion of its business combination with SatixFy in October 2022. Since March 2021, he has served
as a managing director of ADP. He is also a founder and managing member of ArgoSat Advisors, a premier global advisory firm focused on
the space industry that was founded in 2009. As part of his duties with ArgoSat, Dr. Shaw supports clients in leading the design,
development, procurement and management of many new satellite projects and financings. He acts as technical advisor to financial sector
clients to provide due diligence on multibillion-dollar investments or M A transactions. Prior to ArgoSat, Dr. Shaw served as
senior director of business development for Orbital Sciences Corporation where he led the Asia Pacific sales activities. Dr. Shaw
has ScD and SM degrees in Aeronautics/Astronautics from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology and a BEng degree from Imperial College,
London. 

Board of Directors 

Heiko
Faass is an experienced entrepreneur, advisor and private investor across Europe, United States and Latin America with over 20
years of vast experience in principal investing, turnaround and special situations, capital markets and corporate management. Since November
2014, Mr. Faass has served and continues to serve as Chief Executive Officer of Ferrer Faass Co, LLC, a Corporate Advisory firm
and Private Equity Fund Manager in the US Commonwealth of San Juan, PR, ,. In addition, since November 2015, Mr. Faass has been overseeing
strategic management as Chief Executive Officer of Latin Media House, LLC, a leading Latino-publisher of print and online media in Spanish
and English with a 50 year history. From 2008 to 2012, he served as Chief Executive Officer of a joint venture to develop a 400 million
dollar health luxury resort overseeing all aspects from business planning, capital raising and development planning for a hotel complex,
several hundred apartments and villas. Prior to that, from 2001-2005, Mr. Faass served as the co-founder and manager of a M A Boutique
Firm in Frankfurt, Germany, where he was responsible for deal generation and overseeing all operations. Mr. Faass has held Management
and Partner positions across a series of industries, sizes and in Germany and the United States. He has been involved in the origination,
review, structuring and execution of transactions from startups to restructuring cases to large real estate and real estate developments
with a special focus on technology, manufacturing, commercial real estate and real estate development. Mr. Faass is a Member of the CFA
Institute and the CFA Society of Miami and is fluent in German, English and Spanish. 

We believe that Mr. Faass is well qualified to
serve on our board due to his extensive experience as founder and executive of a series of companies and his experience in private equity
and real estate transactions. 

60 

Nicole Schepanek has a long history
in management positions and in supervisory roles for companies. Since 2021, Ms. Schepanek has been the managing partner and co-founder
of Aureus Capital, an active private equity investor with a focus on B2B financial services companies with a tech angle and a corporate
finance advisor for fast-growing companies, especially in the financial services sector, housed in the Berlin, Germany office in Sch nefeld.
From 2018 to 2021, Ms. Schepanek was managing director and partner in the New York City, USA office of the Boston Consulting Group. In
this role, Ms. Schepanek focused on strategic finance, risk, and capital management, as well as strategy, (digital) innovation, and strategic
M A topics of Tier I insurance and banking groups. Prior to this, Ms. Schepanek established Aureus Advisory in 2010, a consulting
boutique that provided both traditional consulting and digital advisory support, which she ran until 2018. The Tier I insurance and banking
groups that Aureus Advisory supported spanned clients located in France, Germany, Italy, Switzerland, United Kingdom, and the United States.
From 2008 to 2010, Ms. Schepanek was the Head of Financial Institutions and Compliance for SPQR Capital, a Private Equity Investor in
London, the United Kingdom. Similarly, she was the Vice President of EMEA Financial Institutions Groups, Bank of America in London, the
United Kingdom from 2007 to 2008. Prior to that, Ms. Schepanek was as Principal part of the Risk Management Insurance team at Oliver
Wyman, working in both the Global Insurance Leadership and Global Risk Management teams, from 2005 to 2007 and as part of the Financial
Services group from 1998 to 2003. Between Ms. Schepanek s time at Oliver Wyman, Ms. Schepanek spent a year with McKinsey Company
in its Risk Management and Insurance group. Ms. Schepanek is currently a member of AlphaQs Supervisory Board, is the Chair of the Development
Board at Autistica a leading UK-based autism medical research charity , and the audit committee chair for Swiss Insurtech
Hub. Ms. Schepanek received her Corporate Governance Certificate in 2022 from INSEAD Int. Directors Program. Prior to that, Ms. Schepanek
studied for and received her Masters in Mathematics with minors in economics and statistics in 1998. We believe that Ms. Schepanek is
well qualified to serve on our board due to her extensive experience as a managing director, work with global Tier I insurance and banking
groups, and knowhow of private equity transactions. 

Bob Stefanowski has 30 years of experience
in finance, business turnarounds, strategy, board governance and regulatory compliance. Mr. Stefanowski is a former Certified Public Accountant,
Certified Financial Analyst and Certified Fraud Examiner. Mr. Stefanowski s senior roles included Chief Financial Officer of the
Investment Banking Division of UBS and an Officer of the General Electric Company. Mr. Stefanowski was previously the President and Chief
Executive Officer of DFC Global, a Consumer Lender owned by Lone Star Private Equity. Prior to that, he was the Chief Financial Officer
of UBS s Investment Bank headquartered in London , UK.. Mr. Stefanowski previously ran the US Operations of 3i Private Equity, a
UK FTSE company. Mr. Stefanowski came to 3i from General Electric where he served as CEO of GE Corporate Finance Europe. Mr. Stefanowski
was appointed a Company Officer by the GE Board of Directors in April 2006, becoming one of the top leaders in a company with 300,000
employees. He was Chairman of the Board of Directors of GE Heller Bank AG (Mainz, Germany), GE Corporate Finance Bank (London, UK) GE
Business Finance (Milan, Italy), GE Artesia Bank NV (Amsterdam, Netherlands) and a Board Member of GE Facto France (Paris, France) and
BPH Bank (Warsaw, Poland). Mr. Stefanowski also held various M A, Finance and Sales roles in his 14-year career with GE. Previously,
he was a senior accountant with Price Waterhouse Coopers in Hartford, CT, a Litigation Consultant in Los Angeles, California and Managing
Director of M A for Brink s Incorporated. Mr. Stefanowski earned a BS in Accounting from Fairfield University and an MBA from
Cornell University. Mr. Stefanowski has authored two books Making M A Deals Happen published in February 2007 and Material
Adverse Change published in September 2017. We believe that Mr. Stefanowski is well qualified to serve on our board due to his
extensive experience in board governance, finance, and successful management of business shifts. 

Number and Terms of Office of Officers and Directors 

Our board of directors is divided into three classes,
with only one class of directors being appointed in each year, and with each class (except for those directors appointed prior to our
first annual general meeting) serving a three-year term. The term of office of the first class of directors, consisting of Chandra R.
Patel and Richard C. Davis, will expire at our first general annual meeting. The term of office of the second class of directors, consisting
of Heiko Faass and Nicole Schepanek, will expire at our second annual general meeting. The term of office of the third class of directors,
consisting of Bob Stefanowski, will expire at our third annual general meeting. 

Prior to the completion of an initial business
combination, any vacancy on the board of directors may be filled by a nominee chosen by holders of a majority of our founder shares. In
addition, prior to the completion of an initial business combination, holders of a majority of our founder shares may remove a member
of the board of directors for any reason. 

Pursuant to an agreement entered into on or prior
to the closing of the IPO, our sponsor, upon and following consummation of an initial business combination, will be entitled to nominate
three individuals for appointment to our board of directors, as long as the sponsor holds any securities covered by the registration and
shareholder rights agreement. 

61 

Our officers are appointed by the board of directors
and serve at the discretion of the board of directors, rather than for specific terms of office. Our board of directors is authorized
to appoint persons to the offices set forth in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association as it deems appropriate.
Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provides that our officers may consist of one or more chairman of the
board, chief executive officer, chief financial officer, chief business officer, president, vice presidents, secretary, treasurer and
such other offices as may be determined by the board of directors. 

Director Independence 

The rules of NYSE require that a majority of our
board of directors be independent. An independent director is defined generally as a person other than an officer or employee
of the company or its subsidiaries or any other individual having a relationship with the company which in the opinion of the company s
board of directors, could interfere with the director s exercise of independent judgment in carrying out the responsibilities of
a director. Heiko Faass, Nicole Schepanek and Bob Stefanowski are our independent directors, as defined in the NYSE listing standards
and applicable SEC rules. Our independent directors have regularly scheduled meetings at which only independent directors are present. 

Executive Officer and Director Compensation 

None of our executive officers or directors have
received any cash compensation for services rendered to us. Commencing on the date that our securities were first listed on NYSE through
the earlier of consummation of our initial business combination and our liquidation, we will reimburse our sponsor for office space, secretarial
and administrative services provided to us, and other obligations of our sponsor, in the amount of up to 10,000 per month. In addition,
our sponsor, executive officers and directors, or any of their respective affiliates will be reimbursed for any out-of- pocket expenses
incurred in connection with activities on our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable
business combinations. Our audit committee will review on a quarterly basis all payments that were made by us to our sponsor, executive
officers or directors, or our or their affiliates. Any such payments prior to an initial business combination will be made using funds
held outside the trust account. Other than quarterly audit committee review of such reimbursements, we do not expect to have any additional
controls in place governing our reimbursement payments to our directors and executive officers for their out-of-pocket expenses incurred
in connection with our activities on our behalf in connection with identifying and consummating an initial business combination. Other
than these payments and reimbursements, no compensation of any kind, including finder s and consulting fees, will be paid by the
company to our sponsor, executive officers and directors, or any of their respective affiliates, prior to completion of our initial business
combination. 

After the completion of our initial business combination,
directors or members of our team who remain with us may be paid consulting or management fees from the combined company. All of these
fees will be fully disclosed to shareholders, to the extent then known, in the proxy solicitation materials or tender offer materials
furnished to our shareholders in connection with a proposed business combination. We have not established any limit on the amount of such
fees that may be paid by the combined company to our directors or members of management. It is unlikely the amount of such compensation
will be known at the time of the proposed business combination, because the directors of the post- combination business will be responsible
for determining executive officer and director compensation. Any compensation to be paid to our executive officers will be determined,
or recommended to the board of directors for determination, either by a compensation committee constituted solely by independent directors
or by a majority of the independent directors on our board of directors. 

We do not intend to take any action to ensure that
members of our team maintain their positions with us after the consummation of our initial business combination, although it is possible
that some or all of our executive officers and directors may negotiate employment or consulting arrangements to remain with us after our
initial business combination. The existence or terms of any such employment or consulting arrangements to retain their positions with
us may influence our team s motivation in identifying or selecting a target business but we do not believe that the ability of our
team to remain with us after the consummation of our initial business combination will be a determining factor in our decision to proceed
with any potential business combination. We are not party to any agreements with our executive officers and directors that provide for
benefits upon termination of employment. 

62 

Committees of the Board of Directors 

Our board of directors have three standing committees:
an audit committee, a nominating committee and a compensation committee. 

Subject to phase-in rules and a limited exception,
the rules of NYSE and Rule 10A-3 of the Exchange Act require that the audit committee of a listed company be comprised solely of independent
directors. Subject to phase-in rules and a limited exception, the rules of NYSE require that the compensation committee of a listed company
be comprised solely of independent directors. Each committee will operate under a charter that has been approved by our board and will
have the composition and responsibilities described below. The charter of each committee will be available on our website. 

Audit Committee 

Heiko Faass, Nicole Schepanek and Bob Stefanowski
will serve as members of our audit committee. Our board of directors has determined that each of Heiko Faass, Nicole Schepanek and Bob
Stefanowski are independent. Bob Stefanowski will serve as the Chairman of the audit committee. Each member of the audit committee meets
the financial literacy requirements of NYSE and our board of directors has determined that qualifies as an audit committee financial
expert as defined in applicable SEC rules and has accounting or related financial management expertise. 

The audit committee is responsible for: 

meeting with our independent registered public accounting firm regarding, among other issues, audits, and adequacy of our accounting
and control systems; 

monitoring the independence of the independent registered public accounting firm; 

verifying the rotation of the lead (or coordinating) audit target having primary responsibility for the audit and the audit target
responsible for reviewing the audit as required by law; 

inquiring and discussing with management our compliance with applicable laws and regulations; 

pre-approving all audit services and permitted non-audit services to be performed by our independent registered public accounting
firm, including the fees and terms of the services to be performed; 

appointing or replacing the independent registered public accounting firm; 

determining the compensation and oversight of the work of the independent registered public accounting firm (including resolution
of disagreements between management and the independent auditor regarding financial reporting) for the purpose of preparing or issuing
an audit report or related work; 

establishing procedures for the receipt, retention and treatment of complaints received by us regarding accounting, internal accounting
controls or reports which raise material issues regarding our financial statements or accounting policies; 

monitoring compliance on a quarterly basis with the terms of the IPO and, if any noncompliance is identified, immediately taking all
action necessary to rectify such noncompliance or otherwise causing compliance with the terms of the IPO; and 

reviewing and approving all payments made to our existing shareholders, executive officers or directors and their respective affiliates.
Any payments made to members of our audit committee will be reviewed and approved by our board of directors, with the interested director
or directors abstaining from such review and approval. 

63 

Nominating Committee 

The members of our nominating committee are Heiko
Faass, Nicole Schepanek and Bob Stefanowski . Nicole Schepanek will serve as Chairman of the nominating committee. Our board of directors
has determined that each of Heiko Faass, Nicole Schepanek and Bob Stefanowski are independent. 

The nominating committee is responsible for overseeing
the selection of persons to be nominated to serve on our board of directors. The nominating committee considers persons identified by
its members, management, shareholders, investment bankers and others. 

Guidelines for Selecting Director Nominees 

The guidelines for selecting nominees, which will
be specified in a charter to be adopted by us, generally provide that persons to be nominated: 

should have demonstrated notable or significant achievements in business, education or public service; 

should possess the requisite intelligence, education and experience to make a significant contribution to the board of directors and
bring a range of skills, diverse perspectives and backgrounds to its deliberations; and 

should have the highest ethical standards, a strong sense of professionalism and intense dedication to serving the interests of the
shareholders. 

The nominating committee will consider a number
of qualifications relating to management and leadership experience, background and integrity and professionalism in evaluating a person s
candidacy for membership on the board of directors. The nominating committee may require certain skills or attributes, such as financial
or accounting experience, to meet specific board needs that arise from time to time and will also consider the overall experience and
makeup of its members to obtain a broad and diverse mix of board members. The nominating committee does not distinguish among nominees
recommended by shareholders and other persons. 

Compensation Committee 

The members of our compensation committee are Heiko
Faass, Nicole Schepanek and Bob Stefanowski. Heiko Faass will serve as Chairman of the compensation committee. 

Our board of directors has determined that each
of Heiko Faass, Nicole Schepanek and Bob Stefanowski are independent. We have adopted a compensation committee charter, which details
the principal functions of the compensation committee, including: 

reviewing and approving on an annual basis the corporate goals and objectives relevant to our Chief Executive Officer s compensation,
evaluating our Chief Executive Officer s performance in light of such goals and objectives and determining and approving the remuneration
(if any) of our Chief Executive Officer based on such evaluation; 

reviewing and approving the compensation of all of our other Section 16 executive officers; reviewing our executive compensation policies
and plans; 

implementing and administering our incentive compensation equity-based remuneration plans; 

assisting management in complying with our proxy statement and annual report disclosure requirements; 

64 

approving all special perquisites, special cash payments and other special compensation and benefit arrangements for our executive
officers and employees; 

producing a report on executive compensation to be included in our annual proxy statement; and reviewing, evaluating and recommending
changes, if appropriate, to the remuneration for directors. 

The charter will also provide that the compensation
committee may, in its sole discretion, retain or obtain the advice of a compensation consultant, legal counsel or other adviser and will
be directly responsible for the appointment, compensation and oversight of the work of any such adviser. However, before engaging or receiving
advice from a compensation consultant, external legal counsel or any other adviser, the compensation committee will consider the independence
of each such adviser, including the factors required by NYSE and the SEC. 

Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider
Participation 

None of our executive officers currently serves,
and in the past year has not served, as a member of the compensation committee of any entity that has one or more executive officers serving
on our board of directors. 

Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting
Compliance 

Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act requires our
officers, directors and persons who beneficially own more than ten percent of our ordinary shares to file reports of ownership and changes
in ownership with the SEC. These reporting persons are also required to furnish us with copies of all Section 16(a) forms they file. Based
solely upon a review of such forms, we believe that during the years ending December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were no delinquent filers. 

Code of Ethics 

We have adopted a code of ethics applicable to
our directors, officers and employees (our Code of Ethics ). Our Code of Ethics is available on our website. We intend to
disclose any amendments to or waivers of certain provisions of our Code of Ethics in a current report on Form 8-K. Our Code of Ethics
is a code of ethics, as defined in Item 406(b) of Regulation S-K. We will make any legally required disclosures regarding
amendments to, or waivers of, provisions of our Code of Ethics on our website. 

Conflicts of Interest 

Under Cayman Islands law, directors and officers
owe the following fiduciary duties: 

duty to act in good faith in what the director or officer believes to be in the best interests of the company as a whole; 

duty to exercise powers for the purposes for which those powers were conferred and not for a collateral purpose; 

directors should not improperly fetter the exercise of future discretion; 

duty to exercise powers fairly as between different sections of shareholders; 

duty not to put themselves in a position in which there is a conflict between their duty to the company and their personal interests;
and 

duty to exercise independent judgment. 

In addition to the above, directors also owe a
duty of care which is not fiduciary in nature. This duty has been defined as a requirement to act as a reasonably diligent person having
both the general knowledge, skill and experience that may reasonably be expected of a person carrying out the same functions as are carried
out by that director in relation to the company and the general knowledge skill and experience of that director. 

65 

As set out above, directors have a duty not to
put themselves in a position of conflict and this includes a duty not to engage in self-dealing, or to otherwise benefit as a result of
their position. However, in some instances what would otherwise be a breach of this duty can be forgiven and/or authorized in advance
by the shareholders provided that there is full disclosure by the directors. This can be done by way of permission granted in the memorandum
and articles of association or alternatively by shareholder approval at general meetings. 

Each of our officers and directors presently has,
and any of them in the future may have additional, fiduciary or contractual obligations to another entity, pursuant to which such officer
or director is or will be required to present a business combination opportunity to such entity. Accordingly, if any of our officers or
directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity which is suitable for an entity to which he or she has then-current fiduciary
or contractual obligations, he or she will honor his or her fiduciary or contractual obligations to present such business combination
opportunity to such entity, and may only decide to present it to us if such entity rejects the opportunity and consummating the same would
not violate any restrictive covenants to which such officers and directors are subject. Notwithstanding the foregoing, we may pursue an
acquisition opportunity with an entity to which an officer or director has a fiduciary or contractual obligation. Any such entity may
co-invest with us in the target business at the time of our initial business combination, or we could raise additional proceeds to complete
the acquisition by issuing to such entity a class of equity or equity-linked securities. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles
of association provide that, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law: (i) no individual serving as a director or an officer
shall have any duty, except and to the extent expressly assumed by contract, to refrain from engaging directly or indirectly in the same
or similar business activities or lines of business as us; and (ii) we renounce any interest or expectancy in, or in being offered an
opportunity to participate in, any potential transaction or matter which may be a corporate opportunity for any director or officer, on
the one hand, and us, on the other. We do not believe, however, that the fiduciary duties or contractual obligations of our officers or
directors will materially affect our ability to complete our initial business combination. 

Individual 
 
 Entity 
 
 Entity s business 
 
 Affiliation 
 
 Officers 

Chandra R. Patel 
 
 Antarctica Capital 
 
 International Private Equity 
 
 Founder and Managing Partner 

Global Partner Acquisition Corp II 
 
 Special Purpose Acquisition Company 
 
 Chief Executive Officer and Chairman 

EarthDaily Holdings 
 
 Earth Observation and Data Analytics Company 
 
 Director 

eCommunity Holdings 
 
 Fiber Asset Owner and Operator 
 
 Director 

Weddell Holdings 
 
 Asset Reinsurance Company 
 
 Director 
 
 Richard C. Davis 
 
 Antarctica Capital 
 
 International Private Equity 
 
 Managing Director 

ArgoSat Advisors 
 
 Global Advisory Firm 
 
 Founder and Managing Member 

Global Partner Acquisition Corp II 
 
 Special Purpose Acquisition Company 
 
 President and Board Member 

Descartes Labs 
 
 Geospatial Analytics Company 
 
 Chief Executive Officer and Board Member 

EarthDaily Holdings 
 
 Earth Observation and Data Analytics Company 
 
 Board Member 

SatixFy Communications Ltd 
 
 Satellite Communications Systems Company 
 
 Board Member 

Sky and Space 
 
 Satellite Communications Company 
 
 Board Member 
 
 Jarett Goldman 
 
 Antarctica Capital 
 
 International Private Equity 
 
 Director 

Global Partner Acquisition Corp II 
 
 Special Purpose Acquisition Company 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 

Descartes Acquisition Corp. 
 
 Geospatial Analytics Company 
 
 Director Chairman of the Board 

Weddell Holdings Ltd. 
 
 Asset Reinsurance Company 
 
 Director 
 
 Graeme Shaw 
 
 ArgoSat Advisors 
 
 Global Advisory Firm 
 
 Founder and Managing Member 

Global Partner Acquisition Corp II 
 
 Special Purpose Acquisition Company 
 
 Chief Technology Officer 

Descartes Labs 
 
 Geospatial Analytics Company 
 
 Chief Operating Officer, President, and Board Member 
 
 Directors (Including Director Nominees) 

Heiko Faass 
 
 Ferrer Faass Co, LLC 
 
 Corporate Advisory and Private Equity 
 
 Chief Executive Officer 

Latin Media House, LLC 
 
 Latino-publisher 
 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 
 Nicole Schepanek 
 
 Aureus Capital 
 
 Private Equity Investor 
 
 Managing Partner 
 
 Bob Stefanowski 
 
 Lolo Consulting 
 
 Financial Consulting 
 
 Founder 

66 

Potential investors should also be aware of the
following other potential conflicts of interest: 

Our executive officers, directors and external advisors are not required to, and will not, commit their full time to our affairs,
which may result in a conflict of interest in allocating their time between our operations and our search for a business combination and
their other businesses. We do not intend to have any full-time employees prior to the completion of our initial business combination.
Each of our executive officers is engaged in several other business endeavors for which he may be entitled to substantial compensation,
and our executive officers are not obligated to contribute any specific number of hours per week to our affairs. 

Our sponsor subscribed for founder shares prior to the date of the IPO and affiliates of our sponsor purchased private placement warrants
in a transaction that closed simultaneously with the closing of the IPO. Our sponsor and our team have entered into an agreement with
us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to their founder shares and any public shares purchased
during or after the IPO in connection with (i) the completion of our initial business combination and (ii) a shareholder vote to approve
an amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) that would modify the substance or timing of our obligation
to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial business combination
or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination by the Termination Date, or (B) with respect
to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares or pre-initial business combination activity.
Additionally, our sponsor has agreed to waive its rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to its founder
shares if we fail to complete our initial business combination within the required time period. If we do not complete our initial business
combination within the required time period, the private placement warrants and the underlying securities will expire worthless. Except
as described herein, our sponsor and our team have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of their founder shares until the earliest
of (A) one year after the completion of our initial business combination and (B) subsequent to our initial business combination, (x) if
the closing price of our Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds 12.00 per share (as adjusted for share sub-divisions, share capitalizations,
reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days
after our initial business combination, or (y) the date on which we complete a liquidation, merger, share exchange, reorganization or
other similar transaction that results in all of our public shareholders having the right to exchange their ordinary shares for cash,
securities or other property. With certain limited exceptions, private placement warrants and the Class A ordinary shares underlying such
warrants, will not be transferable until 30 days following the completion of our initial business combination. Because each of our executive
officers and director nominees will own ordinary shares or warrants directly or indirectly, they may have a conflict of interest in determining
whether a particular target business is an appropriate business with which to effectuate our initial business combination. 

Our officers, directors and external advisors may have a conflict of interest with respect to evaluating a particular business combination
if the retention or resignation of any such officers, directors and advisors was included by a target business as a condition to any agreement
with respect to our initial business combination. 

We are not prohibited from pursuing an initial
business combination or subsequent transaction with a company that is affiliated with our sponsor or any member of our team. In the event
we seek to complete our initial business combination with a company that is affiliated with our sponsor or any of our founders, officers
or directors, we, or a committee of independent directors, will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or an independent
valuation or accounting firm that such initial business combination or transaction is fair to our company from a financial point of view.
We are not required to obtain such an opinion in any other context. Furthermore, in no event will our sponsor or any of our existing officers
or directors, or any of their respective affiliates, be paid by us any finder s fee, consulting fee or other compensation prior
to, or for any services they render in order to effectuate, the completion of our initial business combination. Further, commencing on
the date our securities are first listed on NYSE, we will also reimburse our sponsor for office space, secretarial and administrative
services provided to us, and other obligations of our sponsor, in the amount of up to 10,000 per month. 

We cannot assure you that any of the above mentioned
conflicts will be resolved in our favor. 

If we seek shareholder approval, we will complete
our initial business combination only if we receive approval pursuant to an ordinary resolution under Cayman Islands law, which requires
the affirmative vote of a majority of the shareholders who attend and vote at a general meeting of the company. In such case, our sponsor
and each member of our team have agreed to vote their founder shares and public shares purchased during or after the IPO in favor of our
initial business combination. 

67 

Item 11. Executive Compensation. 

None of our officers or directors have received
or, prior to our initial business combination, will receive any cash compensation for services rendered to us. We paid our sponsor, and
following the Extension, we pay our New Sponsor up to 10,000 per month for office space, administrative and support services. Our sponsor,
officers and directors, or any of their respective affiliates, will be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection
with activities on our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable business combinations.
Our audit committee will review on a quarterly basis all payments that were made to our sponsor, officers, directors or our or any of
their affiliates. 

After the completion of our initial business combination,
directors or members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting, management or other compensation from the combined
company. All compensation will be fully disclosed to shareholders, to the extent then known, in the tender offer materials or proxy solicitation
materials furnished to our shareholders in connection with a proposed business combination. It is unlikely the amount of such compensation
will be known at the time, because the directors of the post-combination business will be responsible for determining executive officer
and director compensation. Any compensation to be paid to our officers after the completion of our initial business combination will be
determined by a compensation committee constituted solely by independent directors. 

We are not party to any agreements with our executive
officers and directors that provide for benefits upon termination of employment. The existence or terms of any such employment or consulting
arrangements may influence our management s motivation in identifying or selecting a target business, and we do not believe that
the ability of our management to remain with us after the completion of our initial business combination should be a determining factor
in our decision to proceed with any potential business combination. 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management
and Related Stockholder Matters 

The following table sets forth information regarding
the beneficial ownership of our ordinary shares available to us at December 31, 2022, with respect to our ordinary shares held by: 

each person known by us to be the beneficial owner of more than 5 of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares; and 

each of our executive officers, directors and director nominees; and all our executive officers and directors as a group. 

Unless otherwise indicated, we believe that all
persons named in the table have sole voting and investment power with respect to all of our ordinary shares beneficially owned by them.
In the table below, percentage ownership is based on 38,750,000 ordinary shares, consisting of (i) 31,000,000 Class A Ordinary Shares
and (ii) 7,750,000 Class B Ordinary Shares, issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022. As a result, the below table does not account
for recent director resignations, and does not account for redemption of shares that occurred in connection with the extension general
meeting, held on January 24, 2023; however the below table does reflect recent director appointments. The following table does not reflect
record or beneficial ownership of the private placement warrants as these warrants are not exercisable within 60 days of the date of this
report. 

68 

Class B Ordinary Shares 
 Class A Ordinary Shares 
 
 Name of Beneficial Owners 
 Number of Shares Beneficially Owned 
 Approximate Percentage of Class 
 Number of Shares Beneficially Owned 
 Approximate Percentage of Class 
 Approximate Percentage of Voting Control 
 
 Five Percent Holders 

Glazer Capital, LLC (1) 

3,065,069 
 9.9 
 7.9 
 
 Constellation Sponsor LP (our Sponsor) (2)(3)(4) 
 7,633,750 
 98.5 

19.7 
 
 Directors and Executive Officers of Constellation 

Chandra R. Patel (3) 

Jarett Goldman (3) 

Graeme Shaw (3) 

Richard C. Davis (3) 

Nicole Schepanek (3)(4)(5) 

Heiko Faass (3)(4)(5) 

Bob Stefanowski (3)(4)(5) 

Hugo Banziger (3)(5)(6) 
 38,750 

Vesna Nevistic (3)(5)(7) 
 38,750 

Charles Stonehill (3)(5)(8) 
 38,750 

All officers, directors, and former directors as a group (10 individuals) 
 7,750,000 
 100.0 

20.0 

Less than one percent. 

(1) Based on information reported on a Schedule 13G filed on February 14, 2023 by Glazer Capital, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company Glazer Capital ), with respect to the Class A Ordinary Shares held by certain funds and managed accounts to which Glazer
Capital serves as investment manager (collectively, the Glazer Funds ), and Paul J. Glazer, who serves as the managing member
of Glazer Capital, with respect to the Class A Ordinary Shares held by the Glazer Funds. The business address of each of Glazer Capital
and Paul J. Glazer is 250 West 55th Street, Suite 30A, New York, New York 10019. 

(2) In connection with the closing of the transactions contemplated by the Investment Agreement, on January 26, 2023, the Sponsor underwent
a reorganization pursuant to which the limited partners of the Sponsor transferred all of their limited partnership interests to the New
Sponsor , a newly formed Delaware limited partnership. On January 26, 2023, the Sponsor was liquidated pursuant to applicable law by the
retirement of the general partner of the Sponsor (the second to last partner of the Sponsor) and all securities held by the Sponsor were
distributed by operation of law to its sole remaining limited partner, the New Sponsor, following which, on January 30, 2023, control
of the Sponsor was transferred to affiliates of Antarctica Capital Partners, LLC, including Antarctica Endurance Manager, LLC. Antarctica
Endurance Manager, LLC, is the general partner of the New Sponsor. There are three managers of Antarctica Endurance Manager, LLC. Each
manager has one vote, and the approval of a majority is required to approve an action of Antarctica
Endurance Manager, LLC. Under the so-called rule of three , if voting and dispositive decisions regarding an entity s securities
are made by three or more individuals, and a voting or dispositive decision requires the approval of a majority of those individuals,
then none of the individuals is deemed a beneficial owner of the entity s securities. This is the situation with regards to Antarctica
Endurance Manager, LLC. Based upon the foregoing analysis, no individual manager of Antarctica Endurance Manager, LLC exercises voting
or dispositive control over any of the securities held by the New Sponsor, even those in which he or she directly holds a pecuniary interest.
Accordingly, none of them will be deemed to have or share beneficial ownership of such securities. 

(3) The business address of each of the following entities and individuals is 200 Park Avenue, 32nd Floor, New York, New York 10166. 

69 

(4) Interests shown consist solely of founder shares, classified as Class
 B ordinary shares. The Class B ordinary shares will automatically convert into Class A ordinary
 shares at the time of our initial business combination. 

(5) Hugo Banziger, Vesna Nevistic, and Charles Stonehill tendered their resignations
 on January 30, 2023. In addition, Nicole Schepanek, Heiko Faass, and Bob Stefanowski were
 appointed as independent members of the board of directors of the Company on February 28,
 2023. 

(6) Includes 38,750 shares of Class B Ordinary Shares beneficially
 owned directly by Mr. Banziger. 

(7) Includes 38,750 shares of Class B Ordinary Shares beneficially
 owned directly by Ms. Nevistic. 

(8) Includes 38,750 shares
 of Class B Ordinary Shares beneficially owned directly by Mr. Stonehill. 

Our sponsor and our team have entered into an
agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to their founder shares and any public
shares purchased during or after the IPO in connection with (i) the completion of our initial business combination and (ii) a shareholder
vote to approve an amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) that would modify the substance or
timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with
our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination by the
Termination Date, or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares or pre-initial
business combination activity. Further, our sponsor and each member of our team have agreed to vote their founder shares and public shares
purchased during or after the IPO in favor of our initial business combination. 

Our sponsor is deemed to be our promoter 
as such term is defined under the federal securities laws. 

On January 24, 2023, we held an Extension Meeting
to, in part, amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association to extend the date by which we have to consummate
a business combination. In connection with that vote, the holders of 26,506,157 Class A ordinary shares of the Company properly exercised
their right to redeem their shares for an aggregate price of approximately 10.167 per share, for an aggregate redemption amount of approximately
 269,485,746. After the satisfaction of such redemptions, the balance in our trust account was approximately 46,138,503. 

Transfers of Founder Shares and Private Placement Warrants 

The founder shares, private placement warrants
and any Class A ordinary shares issued upon conversion or exercise thereof are each subject to transfer restrictions pursuant to lock-up
provisions in the agreement entered into by our sponsor and our team. Our sponsor and our team have agreed not to transfer, assign or
sell (i) any of their founder shares until the earliest of (A) one year after the completion of our initial business combination and
(B) subsequent to our initial business combination, (x) if the closing price of our Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds 12.00
per share (as adjusted for share sub-divisions, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading
days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after our initial business combination, or (y) the date on which we
complete a liquidation, merger, share exchange, reorganization or other similar transaction that results in all of our public shareholders
having the right to exchange their ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property, and (ii) any of their private placement warrants
and Class A ordinary shares issued upon conversion or exercise thereof until 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination.
The foregoing restrictions are not applicable to transfers (a) to our officers or directors, any affiliates or family members of any
of our officers or directors, any members or targets of our sponsor or their affiliates, any affiliates of our sponsor, or any employees
of such affiliates; (b) in the case of an individual, by gift to a member of one of the individual s immediate family or to a trust,
the beneficiary of which is a member of the individual s immediate family, an affiliate of such person or to a charitable organization;
(c) in the case of an individual, by virtue of laws of descent and distribution upon death of the individual; (d) in the case of an individual,
pursuant to a qualified domestic relations order; (e) by private sales or transfers made in connection with the consummation of a business
combination at prices no greater than the price at which the founder shares, private placement warrants or Class A ordinary shares, as
applicable, were originally purchased; (f) by virtue of our sponsor s organizational documents upon liquidation or dissolution
of our sponsor; (g) to the company for no value for cancellation in connection with the consummation of our initial business combination;
(h) in the event of our liquidation prior to the completion of our initial business combination; or (i) in the event of our completion
of a liquidation, merger, share exchange or other similar transaction which results in all of our public shareholders having the right
to exchange their Class A ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property subsequent to our completion of our initial business
combination; provided, however, that in the case of clauses (a) through (f) these permitted transferees must enter into a written agreement
agreeing to be bound by these transfer restrictions and the other restrictions contained in the letter agreement. 

70 

Registration and Shareholder Rights 

The holders of the founder shares, private placement
warrants, Class A ordinary shares underlying the private placement warrants and warrants that may be issued upon conversion of working
capital loans (and any Class A ordinary shares issuable upon the exercise of the private placement warrants and warrants that may be
issued upon conversion of working capital loans) are entitled to registration rights pursuant to a registration and shareholder rights
agreement signed on the effective date of our IPO requiring us to register the securities for resale. The holders of these securities
are entitled to make up to three demands, excluding short form demands, that we register such securities. 

In addition, the holders have certain piggy-back 
registration rights with respect to registration statements filed subsequent to our completion of our initial business combination. However,
the registration and shareholder rights agreement provides that we will not permit any registration statement filed under the Securities
Act to become effective until termination of the applicable lock-up period, which occurs (i) in the case of the founder shares, as described
in the following paragraph, and (ii) in the case of the private placement warrants and the respective Class A ordinary shares underlying
such warrants, 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination. We will bear the expenses incurred in connection with
the filing of any such registration statements. 

Except as described herein, our sponsor and our
team have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell (i) any of their founder shares until the earliest of (A) one year after the completion
of our initial business combination and (B) subsequent to our initial business combination, (x) if the closing price of our Class A ordinary
shares equals or exceeds 12.00 per share (as adjusted for share divisions, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations
and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after our initial business combination,
or (y) the date on which we complete a liquidation, merger, share exchange, reorganization or other similar transaction that results
in all of our public shareholders having the right to exchange their ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property, and (ii)
any of their private placement warrants and Class A ordinary shares issued upon conversion or exercise thereof until 30 days after the
completion of our initial business combination. Any permitted transferees will be subject to the same restrictions and other agreements
of our sponsor and team with respect to any founder shares, private placement warrants and Class A ordinary shares issued upon conversion
or exercise thereof. 

In addition, pursuant to an agreement entered
into prior to our IPO, our sponsor, upon and following consummation of an initial business combination, will be entitled to nominate
three individuals for appointment to our board of directors, as long as the sponsor holds any securities covered by the registration
and shareholder rights agreement. 

Equity Compensation Plans 

As of December 31, 2022, we had no compensation
plans (including individual compensation arrangements) under which equity securities were authorized for issuance. 

71 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and
Director Independence 

On November 20, 2020, our sponsor paid 25,000,
or approximately 0.003 per share, to cover for certain offering costs in consideration for 8,625,000 founder shares. The number of founder
shares issued was determined based on the expectation that such founder shares would represent 20 of the issued and outstanding shares
upon completion of the IPO. In January 2021, our sponsor transferred 43,125 of our founder shares to each of our three independent directors.
In March 2021, each independent director forfeited 4,375 founder shares and our sponsor forfeited 861,875 founder shares. The founder
shares (including the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise thereof) may not, subject to certain limited exceptions, be transferred,
assigned or sold by the holder. 

Affiliates of our sponsor purchased 5,466,667
private placement warrants for a purchase price of 8,200,000 in a private placement that occurred simultaneously with the closing of
the IPO. As such, interest in this transaction for affiliates of our sponsor is valued at 8,200,000. The private placement warrants
and Class A ordinary shares issued upon the exercise or conversion thereof may not, subject to certain limited exceptions, be transferred,
assigned or sold by the holder. 

As more fully discussed in the section of this
Annual Report entitled Management Conflicts of Interest, if any of our officers or directors becomes aware of a business
combination opportunity that falls within the line of business of any entity to which he or she has then-current fiduciary or contractual
obligations, he or she will honor his or her fiduciary or contractual obligations to present such opportunity to such entity. Our officers
and directors currently have certain relevant fiduciary duties or contractual obligations that may take priority over their duties to
us. 

We currently maintain our executive offices at
200 Park Avenue, 32nd Floor New York, NY, 10166. The cost for our use of this space is included in the fee of up to 10,000 per month
that we will pay to our sponsor for office space, administrative and support services, and other obligations of our sponsor, commencing
on the date that our securities are first listed on NYSE. Upon completion of our initial business combination or our liquidation, we
will cease paying these monthly fees. 

No compensation of any kind, including finder s
and consulting fees, will be paid to our sponsor, officers and directors, or any of their respective affiliates, for services rendered
prior to or in connection with the completion of an initial business combination. However, these individuals will be reimbursed for any
out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities on our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing
due diligence on suitable business combinations. Our audit committee will review on a quarterly basis all payments that were made by
us to our sponsor, officers, directors or our or their affiliates and will determine which expenses and the amount of expenses that will
be reimbursed. 

There is no cap or ceiling on the reimbursement
of out-of-pocket expenses incurred by such persons in connection with activities on our behalf. 

In November 2020, we issued an unsecured promissory
note to one of our executive officers. This loan was non-interest bearing, unsecured and due at the earlier of December 31, 2021 or the
closing of the IPO. At December 31, 2020, the amount borrowed under the note was 1,300. During the period from January 1, 2021 to January
28, 2021, an additional 88,540 was borrowed under the promissory note, and on January 29, 2021, the balance of 89,840 repaid in full
from the proceeds of the IPO, and is no longer available to be drawn upon. 

On February 23, 2021, we issued an unsecured promissory
note in the amount of up to 699,999 to certain affiliates of our Sponsor. The proceeds of the note, which may be drawn down from time
to time until we consummate our initial business combination, will be used as general working capital purposes. The note bears no interest
and is payable in full upon the earlier to occur of (i) the Termination Date or (ii) the consummation of the company s business
combination. A failure to pay the principal within five business days of the date specified above or the commencement of a voluntary
or involuntary bankruptcy action shall be deemed an event of default, in which case the note may be accelerated. The affiliates of our
sponsor had the option to convert any unpaid balance of the note into private placement warrants (the Conversion Warrants ),
each warrant exercisable for one ordinary share of the company at an exercise price of 1.50 per share. The terms of the Conversion Warrants
would be identical to the warrants issued by the company to affiliates of our sponsor in a private placement that was consummated in
connection with our IPO. The affiliates of our sponsor shall be entitled to certain registration rights relating to the Conversion Warrants.
On May 3, 2021, the note was amended to remove the option to convert any unpaid balance of the note into private placement warrants.
As of December 31, 2021, there were 0 outstanding under the note. 

72 

In addition, in order to finance transaction costs
in connection with an intended initial business combination, our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor or certain of our officers and
directors may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required. If we complete an initial business combination, we may repay
such loaned amounts out of the proceeds of the trust account released to us. In the event that the initial business combination does
not close, we may use a portion of the working capital held outside the trust account to repay such loaned amounts but no proceeds from
our trust account would be used for such repayment. Up to 1,500,000 of such loans may be convertible into warrants at a price of 1.50
per warrant at the option of the lender. The warrants would be identical to the private placement warrants, including as to exercise
price, exercisability and exercise period. The terms of such loans by our officers and directors, if any, have not been determined and
no written agreements exist with respect to such loans. We do not expect to seek loans from parties other than our sponsor, members of
our team or any of their affiliates as we do not believe third parties will be willing to loan such funds and provide a waiver against
any and all rights to seek access to funds in our trust account. 

After our initial business combination, members
of our team who remain with us may be paid consulting, management or other fees from the combined company with any and all amounts being
fully disclosed to our shareholders, to the extent then known, in the tender offer or proxy solicitation materials, as applicable, furnished
to our shareholders. It is unlikely the amount of such compensation will be known at the time of distribution of such tender offer materials
or at the time of a general meeting held to consider our initial business combination, as applicable, as it will be up to the directors
of the post-combination business to determine executive and director compensation. 

We have entered into a registration and shareholder
rights agreement pursuant to which our initial shareholders, and their permitted transferees, if any, will be entitled to certain registration
rights with respect to the private placement warrants, the securities issuable upon conversion of working capital loans (if any) and
the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the foregoing and upon conversion of the founder shares. Further, pursuant to an
agreement to be entered into on or prior to the closing of the IPO, our sponsor, upon and following consummation of an initial business
combination, will be entitled to nominate three individuals for appointment to our board of directors, as long as the sponsor holds any
securities covered by the registration and shareholder rights agreement. 

Policy for Approval of Related Party Transactions 

The audit committee of our board of directors
will adopt a charter, providing for the review, approval and/or ratification of related party transactions, which are those
transactions required to be disclosed pursuant to Item 404 of Regulation S-K as promulgated by the SEC, by the audit committee. At its
meetings, the audit committee shall be provided with the details of each new, existing, or proposed related party transaction, including
the terms of the transaction, any contractual restrictions that the company has already committed to, the business purpose of the transaction,
and the benefits of the transaction to the company and to the relevant related party. Any member of the committee who has an interest
in the related party transaction under review by the committee shall abstain from voting on the approval of the related party transaction,
but may, if so requested by the chairman of the committee, participate in some or all of the committee s discussions of the related
party transaction. Upon completion of its review of the related party transaction, the committee may determine to permit or to prohibit
the related party transaction. 

73 

Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services. 

The firm of , or Withum,
acts as our independent registered public accounting firm. The following is a summary of fees paid to Withum for services rendered. 

Audit Fees . During the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, fees for our independent
registered public accounting firm were approximately 74,000 and 100,000, respectively, for the services Withum performed in connection
with our Initial Public Offering, quarterly filings and the audit of our December 31, 2022 and 2021 financial statements included in this
Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Audit-Related Fees. During the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, fees for our independent
registered public accounting firm were approximately 7,000 and 0, respectively, for render assurance and related services related to
the performance of the audit or review of financial statements. 

Tax Fees . During the year ended December
31, 2022 and 2021, our independent registered public accounting firm did not render services to us for tax compliance, tax advice and
tax planning. 

All Other Fees . During the year ended December
31, 2022 and 2021, there were no fees billed for products and services provided by our independent registered public accounting firm
other than those set forth above. 

Pre-Approval Policy 

Our audit committee was formed upon the consummation
of our Initial Public Offering. As a result, the audit committee did not pre-approve all of the foregoing services, although any services
rendered prior to the formation of our audit committee were approved by our board of directors. 

Since the formation of our audit committee, and
on a going-forward basis, the audit committee has and will pre-approve all auditing services and permitted non-audit services to be performed
for us by our auditors, including the fees and terms thereof (subject to the de minimis exceptions for non-audit services described in
the Exchange Act which are approved by the audit committee prior to the completion of the audit). 

74 

PART IV 

Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 

(a) The following documents are filed as part
of this Form 10-K: 

(1) Financial Statements: 

Page 
 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 F-1 
 
 Financial Statements 

Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-2 
 
 Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-3 
 
 Statements of Changes in Shareholders Deficit for the years ended December
 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-4 
 
 Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-5 
 
 Notes to Financial Statements 
 F-6 to F-23 

(2) Financial Statement Schedules: 

None. 

(3) Exhibits 

We hereby file as part of this Report the exhibits
listed in the attached Exhibit Index. Exhibits which are incorporated herein by reference can be accessed on the SEC website at www.sec.gov. 

75 

Exhibit No. 
 
 Description 
 
 3.1 
 
 Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on January 29, 2021) 

3.2 
 
 Amendment to Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 1, 2023) 

4.1 
 
 Description of Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, As Amended 

4.2 
 
 Warrant Agreement, dated January 26, 2021 between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as warrant agent (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on January 29, 2021) 

10.1 
 
 Investment Management Trust Agreement, dated January 26, 2021, between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as trustee (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on January 29, 2021) 

10.2 
 
 Investment Agreement, dated January 26, 2023, by and among Constellation Acquisition Corp I, Constellation Sponsor GmbH Co. KG, and Endurance Constellation, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 1, 2023) 

10.3 
 
 Letter Agreement Amendment, dated January 30, 2023, among the Company and its officers and directors and Constellation Sponsor GmbH Co. KG (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 1, 2023) 

10.4 
 
 Registration Rights Agreement, dated January 26, 2021, between the Company and certain security holders (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on January 29, 2021) 

10.5 
 
 Administrative Services Agreement, dated January 26, 2021, between the Company and Constellation Sponsor GmbH Co. KG (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.4 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on January 29, 2021) 

10.6 
 
 Private Placement Warrants Purchase Agreement, dated January 26, 2021, between the Company and Constellation Sponsor GmbH Co. KG (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.5 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on January 29, 2021) 

10.7 
 
 Promissory Note Issued to Klaus Kleinfeld, dated as of February 23, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company s Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 25, 2021). 

10.8 
 
 Amended and Restated Promissory Note dated as of May 3, 2021 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on May 5, 2021). 

10.9 
 
 Promissory Note Issued by Constellation Acquisition Corp I to an affiliate of the Sponsor, dated April 26, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company s Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on May 9, 2022). 

10.10 
 
 Promissory Note Issued by Constellation Acquisition Corp I to an affiliate of the Sponsor, dated May 17, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company s Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on May 19, 2022). 

10.11 
 
 Promissory Note Issued by Constellation Acquisition Corp I to affiliates of the Sponsor, dated May 25, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company s Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on May 31, 2022). 

10.12 
 
 Promissory Note Issued by Constellation Acquisition Corp I to affiliates of the Sponsor, dated June 23, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company s Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 30, 2022). 

10.13 
 
 Promissory Note Issued by Constellation Acquisition Corp I to an affiliate of the Sponsor, dated July 21, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company s Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 22, 2022). 

10.14 
 
 Promissory Note Issued by Constellation Acquisition Corp I to an affiliate of the Sponsor, dated July 21, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company s Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 22, 2022). 

10.15 
 
 Promissory Note Issued by Constellation Acquisition Corp I to affiliates of the Sponsor, dated August 23, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company s Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 26, 2022). 

76 

10.16 
 
 Promissory Note Issued by Constellation Acquisition Corp I to the Sponsor, dated January 18, 2023 (incorporated
 by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company s Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on January 19, 2023). 

10.17 
 
 Promissory Note Issued by Constellation Acquisition Corp I to Constellation Sponsor LP, dated as of January 30, 2023 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of the Company s Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 1, 2023). 

31.1 
 
 Certification of the Registrant s Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and
 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

31.2 
 
 Certification of the Registrant s Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) Pursuant to Rules
 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of
 2002. 

32.1 
 
 Certification of the Registrant s Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350,
 as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.2 
 
 Certification of the Registrant s Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) Pursuant to 18 U.S.C.
 Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document. 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 

104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 

Filed herewith. 

Furnished herewith. 
 
 Certain of the exhibits and schedules to this exhibit have been omitted in accordance with
Regulation S-K Item 601(b)(2). The Registrant agrees to furnish supplementally a copy of all omitted exhibits and schedules to the SEC
upon its request. 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 

Not applicable. 

77 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d)
of the Securities Act of 1934, as amended, the registrant has duly caused this Annual Report on Form 10-K to be signed on its behalf by
the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, on March 30, 2023. 

Constellation Acquisition Corp I 

By: 
 /s/ Chandra R. Patel 

Name: 
 Chandra R. Patel 

Title: 
 Chief Executive Officer 

 (Principal Executive Officer) 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, this Annual Report on Form 10-K has been signed by the following persons in the capacity and on the
dates indicated. 

Name 

Position 

Date 

/s/ Chandra R. Patel 
 
 Chief Executive Officer, Chairman and Director 
 
 March 30, 2023 
 
 Chandra R. Patel 
 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/ Jarett Goldman 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 March 30, 2023 
 
 Jarett Goldman 
 
 (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

/s/ Richard C. Davis 

Richard C. Davis 
 
 President and Director 
 
 March 30, 2023 

/s/ Heiko Faass 

Heiko Faass 
 
 Director 
 
 March 30, 2023 

/s/ Nicole Schepanek 

Nicole Schepanek 
 
 Director 
 
 March 30, 2023 

/s/ Bob Stefanowski 

Bob Stefanowski 
 
 Director 
 
 March 30, 2023 

78 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM 

To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors
of 

Constellation Acquisition Corp I: 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying balance sheets
of Constellation Acquisition Corp I (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related statements of operations,
changes in shareholders deficit and cash flows for the years then ended, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the
 financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial
position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the years then ended,
in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Going Concern 

The accompanying financial statements have been
prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 1 to the financial statements, the Company has
a working capital deficit and needs to complete a Business Combination by the close of business on April 29, 2023, otherwise the Company
will cease all operations except for the purpose of liquidating. The liquidity condition and date for mandatory liquidation and subsequent
dissolution raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans in regard
to these matters are also described in Note 1. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome
of this uncertainty. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits.
We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and
are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules
and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the
standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged
to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal
control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond
to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.
Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating
the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s/ WithumSmith+Brown, PC 

We have served as the Company s auditor since
2020. 

March 30, 2023 

PCAOB Number 

F- 1 

CONSTELLATION ACQUISITION CORP I 
BALANCE SHEETS 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 
 
 Assets: 

Current Assets: 

Cash 

Prepaid expenses 

Total current assets 

Prepaid expenses - noncurrent 

Cash and investments held in Trust Account 

Total Assets 

Liabilities, Shares Subject to Possible Redemption and Shareholders 
Deficit 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Promissory notes related party 

Total current liabilities 

Deferred underwriting fee 

Warrant liability 

Total Liabilities 

Commitments and Contingencies (Note 6) 

Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption, 
shares at redemption value at approximately and per share as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

Shareholders Deficit: 

Preference shares, par value; shares authorized; none issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Class A ordinary shares, par value; shares authorized; no shares issued and outstanding (excluding 31,000,000 shares subject to possible redemption) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Class B ordinary shares, par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Total Shareholders Deficit 

Total Liabilities, Shares Subject to Possible Redemption and Shareholders 
Deficit 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these financial statements. 

F- 2 

CONSTELLATION ACQUISITION CORP I 
STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

For the Years Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Formation and operating costs 

Loss from Operations 

Other income (expense): 

Interest earned on cash and investments held in Trust Account 

Offering costs allocated to warrants 

Excess of fair value over cash received for private placement warrants 

Change in fair value of warrant liability 

Total other income (expense), net 

Net income 

Weighted average shares outstanding, Class A ordinary shares 

Basic and diluted net income per share, Class A ordinary shares

Weighted average shares outstanding, Class B ordinary shares 

Basic and diluted net income per share, Class B ordinary shares

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these financial statements. 

F- 3 

CONSTELLATION ACQUISITION CORP I 
STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS DEFICIT 
For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Class B 
Ordinary Shares 
 Additional Paid-in 
 Accumulated 
 Total Shareholders 
Equity 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 (Deficit) 
 
 Balance as of January 1, 2021 

Accretion of Class A ordinary shares subject to redemption 

Forfeiture of founder shares 

Net income 

Balance as of December 31, 2021 

Accretion of Class A ordinary shares subject to redemption 

Net income 

Balance as of December 31, 2022 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these financial statements. 

F- 4 

CONSTELLATION ACQUISITION CORP I 
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

For the Years Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Cash flows from Operating Activities: 

Net income 

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash used in operating activities: 

Interest earned on cash and investments held in Trust Account 

Offering costs allocated to warrants 

Excess fair value over cash received for private placement warrants 

Change in fair value of warrant liability 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Prepaid expenses 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Prepaid expenses - noncurrent 

Net cash used in operating activities 

Cash Flows from Investing Activities: 

Investment of cash in Trust Account 

Net cash used in investing activities 

Cash Flows from Financing Activities: 

Proceeds from sale of Units, net of underwriters fees 

Proceeds from issuance of Private Placement Warrants 

Proceeds from promissory note related party 

Repayment of promissory note related party 

Payment of offering costs 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Net change in cash 

Cash, beginning of the year 

Cash, end of the year 

Supplemental disclosure of non-cash financing activities: 

Deferred underwriters discount payable 

Forfeiture of Class B ordinary shares by initial shareholders 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these financial statements. 

F- 5 

CONSTELLATION ACQUISITION CORP I 
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
DECEMBER 31, 2022 

units (the Units and, with respect to
the shares of Class A ordinary shares included in the Units sold, the Public Shares ), including Units issued
pursuant to the partial exercise of the underwriters over-allotment option, at per Unit, generating gross proceeds of ,
which is discussed in Note 3. Each Unit consists of one Class A ordinary share, and one-third of one redeemable warrant to purchase one
Class A ordinary share at a price of per whole share. 

Private Placement Warrants (the Private Placement Warrants ), at a price of 
per Private Placement Warrant, in a private placement to certain affiliates of the Company s Sponsor, GmbH Co. KG, a German
limited partnership (the Sponsor ), generating gross proceeds of , which is discussed in Note 4. 

,
consisting of of underwriting fees, of deferred underwriting fees, and of other offering costs. 

per Unit) from the net offering proceeds of the sale of the Units in the IPO and the sale of the
Private Placement Warrants was placed in a trust account (the Trust Account and invested in United States
 government securities within the meaning of Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act having a maturity of 
days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 promulgated under the Investment Company Act which
invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations. Except with respect to interest earned on the funds held in the Trust
Account that may be released to the Company to pay the income taxes, if any, the Company s amended and restated memorandum and
articles of association will provide that the proceeds from the IPO and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants held in the Trust
Account will not be released from the Trust Account (1) to the Company, until the completion of the initial Business Combination, or
(2) to the public shareholders, until the earliest of (a) the completion of the initial Business Combination, and then only in
connection with those Class A ordinary shares that such shareholders properly elected to redeem, subject to the limitations, (b) the
redemption of any Public Shares properly tendered in connection with a (A) shareholder vote to amend the amended and restated
memorandum and articles of association to modify the substance or timing of the Company s obligation to provide holders of the
Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with the initial Business Combination or to redeem
 of the Public Shares if the Company does not complete the initial Business Combination by the date by which we are required to
consummate a business combination pursuant to the amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (the
 Termination Date ), or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of the Class A
ordinary shares or pre-initial Business Combination activity, and (c) the redemption of the Public Shares if the Company has not
consummated the initial Business Combination within the Combination Period. Public shareholders who redeem their Class A ordinary
shares in connection with a shareholder vote described in clause (b) in the preceding sentence shall not be entitled to funds from
the Trust Account upon the subsequent completion of an initial Business Combination or liquidation if the Company has not
consummated an initial Business Combination within the Combination Period, with respect to such Class A ordinary shares so
redeemed. 

F- 6 

per share, plus any pro rata interest earned on the
funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to the Company to pay its tax obligations). 

of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the
number of the then-outstanding Public Shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public shareholders rights as shareholders
(including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any); and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such
redemption, subject to the approval of the remaining shareholders and the Company s board of directors, liquidate and dissolve,
subject in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii), to the obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the
requirements of other applicable law. 

per public share
and (ii) the actual amount per public share held in the Trust Account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account, if less
than per share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, less taxes payable, provided that such liability will not apply
to any claims by a third party or prospective target business who executed a waiver of any and all rights to the monies held in the Trust
Account (whether or not such waiver is enforceable) nor will it apply to any claims under the Company s indemnity of the underwriters
of the IPO against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. However, the Company has not asked its Sponsor
to reserve for such indemnification obligations, nor has the Company independently verified whether its Sponsor has sufficient funds
to satisfy its indemnity obligations and believe that the Company s Sponsor s only assets are securities of the Company.
Therefore, the Company cannot assure that its Sponsor would be able to satisfy those obligations. 

F- 7 

Class A ordinary shares, par value per share, of the Company properly exercised their right to redeem
their shares for cash at a redemption price of approximately per share, for an aggregate redemption amount of approximately 
(see Note 9). 

in its operating bank account, and a working capital deficit of . 

F- 8 

F- 9 

. Any loss incurred or a lack of access to such funds could have a significant adverse impact on the Company s financial
condition, results of operations, and cash flows. 

, of which was allocated to expense associated with the warrant liability. Offering costs associated
with the Class A ordinary shares were charged to temporary equity upon the completion of the Initial Public Offering. 

Class A Ordinary shares
sold as part of the Units in the Public Offering contain a redemption feature which allows for the redemption of such public shares in
connection with the Company s liquidation, if there is a shareholder vote or tender offer in connection with the Business Combination
and in connection with certain amendments to the Company s second amended and restated certificate of incorporation. In accordance
with SEC and its staff s guidance on redeemable equity instruments, which has been codified in ASC 480-10-S99, redemption provisions
not solely within the control of the Company require Ordinary shares subject to redemption to be classified outside of permanent equity.
Ordinary liquidation events, which involve the redemption and liquidation of all the entity s equity instruments, are excluded
from the provisions of ASC 480. Accordingly, at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, all shares of Class A Ordinary shares subject
to possible redemption is presented as temporary equity, outside of the shareholders deficit section of the Company s balance
sheets. 

F- 10 

Less: 

Proceeds allocated to public warrants 

Class A ordinary shares issuance costs 

Plus: 

Accretion of carrying value to redemption value 

Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption as of December 31, 2021 

Plus: 

Accretion of carrying value to redemption value 

Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption as of December 31, 2022 

Class A ordinary
shares in the calculation of diluted income per ordinary share, since the exercise of the warrants are contingent upon the occurrence
of future events. As a result, diluted income per share is the same as basic income per share for the period presented. 

F- 11 

Weighted Average Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption 

Basic and diluted net income per share

Class B Ordinary Shares 

Allocation of net income to Class B ordinary shares 

Weighted Average Class B ordinary shares 

Basic and diluted net income per share

F- 12 

Units, at a purchase price of per Unit, including Units issued pursuant to the partial exercise of the underwriters 
over-allotment option. 

per share, subject to adjustment. Each warrant will become exercisable on the
later of 30 days after the completion of the initial Business Combination or 12 months from the closing of the IPO and will expire after the completion of the initial Business Combination, or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. 

F- 13 

Class A ordinary shares per warrant (subject to
adjustment). 

Private Placement Warrants at a price of per Private Placement Warrant, for an aggregate
purchase price of , in a private placement. A portion of the proceeds from the private placement was added to the proceeds
from the IPO held in the Trust Account. 

F- 14 

shares of the Company s Class B ordinary shares for , or approximately per share,
in connection with formation (the Founder Shares ). On December 23, 2020, such shares of the Company s Class
B ordinary shares were transferred to the Sponsor for . The Founder Shares included an aggregate of up to shares subject
to forfeiture if the over-allotment option was not exercised by the underwriters in full. On January 29, 2021, the underwriters partially
exercised their over-allotment option, hence, Founder Shares were no longer subject to forfeiture, and on March 1, 2021, the
remaining Founder Shares were forfeited by the Sponsor. 

after the date of the consummation
of the initial Business Combination or (ii) subsequent to the initial Business Combination, (x) if the closing price of the Class A ordinary
shares equals or exceeds per share (as adjusted for share sub-divisions, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations
and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after the initial Business Combination,
or (y) the date on which the Company complete a liquidation, merger, share exchange, reorganization or other similar transaction that
results in all of the public shareholders having the right to exchange their ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property. 

. During the period from January
1, 2021 to January 28, 2021, an additional was borrowed under the promissory note, and on January 29, 2021, the balance of 
repaid in full from the proceeds of the IPO, and is no longer available to be drawn upon. 

to certain affiliates of Constellation Sponsor GmbH Co.
KG (the Sponsor ). The proceeds of the Note, which may be drawn down from time to time until the Company consummates its
initial business combination, will be used as general working capital purposes. 

per share. The terms of the Conversion Warrants would be identical
to the warrants issued by the Company to affiliates of the Sponsor in a private placement that was consummated in connection with the
Company s initial public offering. The affiliates of the Sponsor shall be entitled to certain registration rights relating to the
Conversion Warrants. On May 3, 2021, the Note was amended to remove the option to convert any unpaid balance of the Note into private
placement warrants. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were no amounts outstanding under the Note, respectively. 

to certain executive officers and affiliates
of the Company. The proceeds of the Notes will be used as general working capital purposes. 

F- 15 

is outstanding
under the Notes. 

per month for office space, utilities and secretarial and administrative support, and other obligations
of the sponsor. Upon completion of the initial Business Combination or the Company s liquidation, the Company will cease paying
these monthly fees. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Sponsor agreed to waive such fees, and as such, the Company has
recorded no administrative service fees. 

of such Working Capital Loans may
be convertible into warrants of the post-Business Combination company at a price of per warrant at the option of the lender. As
of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, there were no borrowings outstanding under the Working Capital Loans. 

additional Units at the public offering price less the underwriting commissions
to cover over-allotments, if any. On January 29, 2021, the underwriters partially exercised the over-allotment option to purchase 
Units and was paid an underwriting discount in aggregate of . As of , the remaining over-allotment option expired. 

of the gross proceeds of the IPO held in the Trust Account, or , upon the completion
of the Company s initial Business Combination subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement. 

F- 16 

preference shares at par value of each. As of December 31, 2022 and
2021, there were no shares of preference shares issued or outstanding. 

Class A ordinary shares at par value of each. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021,
there were no shares issued and outstanding, excluding shares subject to possible redemption. 

Class B ordinary shares at par value of each. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021,
there were shares issued and outstanding. 

of the sum of (i) the total number of ordinary shares issued and outstanding following the Extension Meeting, plus (ii) the
sum of the total number of Class A ordinary shares issued or deemed issued or issuable upon conversion or exercise of any equity-linked
securities or rights issued or deemed issued, by the Company in connection with or in relation to the consummation of the initial Business
Combination, excluding any Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked securities exercisable for or convertible into Class A ordinary shares
issued, deemed issued, or to be issued, to any seller in the initial Business Combination and any Private Placement Warrants issued to
the Sponsor, officers and directors or any of their affiliates upon conversion of Working Capital Loans. In no event will the Class B
ordinary shares convert into Class A ordinary shares at a rate of less than one to one. 

1 

Liabilities 

Public Warrant Liability 
 1 
 
 1 

Private Warrant Liability 
 2 
 
 3 

F- 17 

. 

Change in fair value 

Private warrant liability transferred to Level 2 

Fair Value as of December 31, 2022 

Public warrant liability transferred to Level 1 

Change in fair value 

Fair Value as of December 31, 2021 

Dividend rate 

Expected term remaining (years) 

Volatility before Initial Business Combination 

Volatility after Initial Business Combination 

Share price 

Exercise price 

F- 18 

to the Sponsor. The proceeds of the Note will be used for general working capital
purposes. The Note bears no interest and is payable in full upon the earlier to occur of (i) the consummation of the Company s business
combination or (ii) the date that the winding up of the Company is effective. A failure to pay the principal within five business days
of the date specified above or the commencement of a voluntary or involuntary bankruptcy action shall be deemed an event of default, in
which case the Note may be accelerated. At the election of the Sponsor, all or a portion of the unpaid principal amount of the Note may
be converted into warrants of the Company, at a price of per warrant, each warrant exercisable for one Class A ordinary share, 
par value per share, of the Company. The Warrants shall be identical to the private placement warrants issued to the Sponsor at the time
of the Company s initial public offering. 

(the Investment Contribution ), which amount will be loaned to the Company in accordance with
the Promissory Note (as defined below) (the Investment Loan ), in consideration for which, the New Sponsor (as defined below)
shall issue to the Investor interests in certain equity securities. 

per share, shall no longer
be parties to the Letter Agreement. 

F- 19 

, to be deposited into the trust account established in connection with
the Company s initial public offering (the Trust Account ). In addition,
in the event the Company does not consummate an initial business combination by the Articles Extension Date (as defined below), the Lender
may contribute to the Company as a loan to be deposited into the Trust Account for each of nine one-month extensions following
the Articles Extension Date. 

(the Promissory Note to the Sponsor. The Sponsor funded the initial principal amount of on January 30, 2023. The Promissory Note does not bear interest
and matures upon closing of the Company s initial business combination. In the event that the Company does not consummate a business
combination, the Promissory Note will be repaid only from amounts remaining outside of the Trust Account, if any. The proceeds of the
Promissory Note will be deposited in the Trust Account. At the election of the Payee, up to of the total principal amount
of the Promissory Note may be converted, in whole or in part, at the option of the Lender into warrants of the Company at a price of
 per warrant, which warrants will be identical to the private placement warrants issued to the Sponsor at the time of the initial
public offering of the Company. 

Class A ordinary shares, par value per share, of the Company properly
exercised their right to redeem their shares for cash at a redemption price of approximately per share, for an aggregate redemption
amount of approximately . 

F- 20 

million and launched two DTH satellites over Asia. Earlier in his career, Mr. Davis was a private equity investor
Principal at VantagePoint Venture Partners, a private equity and venture capital firm with billion of assets under management.
His focus was on media/telecom as well as semiconductors/semiconductor capital equipment. Before that he was a vice president and founding
member of the Lehman Brothers Communication Fund which was an million private equity fund focused on communications infrastructure
investments. In these roles, Mr. Davis was involved in equity and debt investments, asset acquisitions and dispositions and mergers
and other business combinations or spin-offs for approximately two dozen companies in various investment lifecycle stages. Mr. Davis
started his corporate finance career as an associate at Salomon Brothers. Mr. Davis was formerly an instructor pilot in the United
States Air Force. He received his B.S. in Astrophysics (cum laude) from the University of Minnesota, and his MBA from the University of
Virginia. We believe that Mr. Davis is well qualified to serve on our board due to his extensive experience in private equity transactions. 

F- 21 

million dollar health
luxury resort overseeing all aspects from business planning, capital raising and development planning for a hotel complex, several hundred
apartments and villas. Prior to that, from 2001-2005, Mr. Faass served as the co-founder and manager of a M A Boutique Firm in Frankfurt,
Germany, where he was responsible for deal generation and overseeing all operations. Mr. Faass has held Management and Partner positions
across a series of industries, sizes and in Germany and the United States. He has been involved in the origination, review, structuring
and execution of transactions from startups to restructuring cases to large real estate and real estate developments with a special focus
on technology, manufacturing, commercial real estate and real estate development. Mr. Faass is a Member of the CFA Institute and the CFA
Society of Miami and is fluent in German, English and Spanish. 

F- 22 

Class A ordinary shares, par value per share, of the Company properly exercised
their right to redeem their shares for cash at a redemption price of approximately per share, for an aggregate redemption amount
of approximately . 

F-23 

<EX-4.1>
 2
 f10k2022ex4-1_constell1.htm
 DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED

Exhibit 4.1 

Description of Securities Registered Pursuant
to Section 12 of the Securities 
Exchange Act of 1934, As Amended 

The following description sets forth certain material
terms and provisions of the securities of Constellation Acquisition Corp I we, us or our that
are registered under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). The following description
of our securities is not complete and may not contain all the information you should consider before investing in our securities. This
description is summarized from, and qualified in its entirety by reference to, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association,
which are incorporated herein by reference. The summary below is also qualified by reference to the Companies Law and common law of the
Cayman Islands. 

As of December 31, 2022, we had three classes of
securities registered under the Exchange Act: our Class A ordinary shares, 0.0001 par value per share; warrants to purchase shares of
our Class A ordinary shares; and units consisting of one Class A ordinary share and one-third of one redeemable warrant to purchase one
Class A ordinary share. In addition, this Description of Securities also contains a description of our Class B ordinary shares, par value
 0.0001 per share founder shares ), which are not registered pursuant to Section 12 of the Exchange Act but are convertible
into shares of the Class A ordinary shares. The description of the founder shares is necessary to understand the material terms of the
Class A ordinary shares. 

Units 

Each unit consists of one Class A ordinary share
and one-third of one redeemable warrant. Each whole warrant entitles the holder thereof to purchase one Class A ordinary share at a price
of 11.50 per share. Pursuant to the warrant agreement, a warrant holder may exercise its warrants only for a whole number of the company s
Class A ordinary shares. This means only a whole warrant may be exercised at any given time by a warrant holder. 

On March 18, 2021, the Class A ordinary shares
and warrants comprising the units began separate trading and holders have the option to continue to hold units or separate their units
into the component pieces. 

Additionally, the units will automatically separate
into their component parts and will not be traded after completion of our initial business combination. 

Ordinary Shares 

Ordinary shareholders of record are entitled to
one vote for each share held on all matters to be voted on by shareholders. Except as described below, holders of Class A ordinary shares
and holders of Class B ordinary shares will vote together as a single class on all matters submitted to a vote of our shareholders except
as required by law. Unless specified in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, or as required by applicable
provisions of the Companies Act under Cayman Islands law or applicable stock exchange rules, the affirmative vote of a majority of our
ordinary shares that are voted is required to approve any such matter voted on by our shareholders. Approval of certain actions will require
a special resolution under Cayman Islands law, which requires the affirmative vote of a majority of at least two-thirds of the shareholders
who attend and vote at a general meeting of the company, and pursuant to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association;
such actions include amending our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association and approving a statutory merger or consolidation
with another company. Our board of directors is divided into three classes, each of which will generally serve for terms of three years
with only one class of directors being appointed in each year. There is no cumulative voting with respect to the appointment of directors,
with the result that the holders of more than 50 of the shares voted for the appointment of directors can appoint all of the directors.
Our shareholders are entitled to receive ratable dividends when, as and if declared by the board of directors out of funds legally available
therefor. 

Prior to our initial business combination, only
holders of our founder shares will have the right to vote on the appointment of directors. Holders of our public shares will not be entitled
to vote on the appointment of directors during such time. In addition, prior to the completion of an initial business combination, holders
of a majority of our founder shares may remove a member of the board of directors for any reason. The provisions of our amended and restated
memorandum and articles of association governing the appointment or removal of directors prior to our initial business combination may
only be amended by a special resolution passed by holders representing at least two-thirds of our issued and outstanding Class B ordinary
shares. 

Because our amended and restated memorandum and
articles of association authorize the issuance of up to 200,000,000 Class A ordinary shares, if we were to enter into a business combination,
we may (depending on the terms of such a business combination) be required to increase the number of Class A ordinary shares which we
are authorized to issue at the same time as our shareholders vote on the business combination to the extent we seek shareholder approval
in connection with our initial business combination. 

Our board of directors is divided into three classes
with only one class of directors being appointed in each year and each class (except for those directors appointed prior to our first
annual general meeting) serving a three-year term. In accordance with NYSE corporate governance requirements, we are not required to hold
an annual general meeting until one year after our first fiscal year end following our listing on the NYSE. As an exempted company, there
is no requirement under the Companies Act for us to hold annual or extraordinary general meetings to appoint directors. We may not hold
an annual or extraordinary general meeting to appoint new directors prior to the consummation of our initial business combination. Prior
to the completion of an initial business combination, any vacancy on the board of directors may be filled by a nominee chosen by holders
of a majority of our founder shares. In addition, prior to the completion of an initial business combination, holders of a majority of
our founder shares may remove a member of the board of directors for any reason. 

We will provide our public shareholders with the
opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their public shares upon the completion of our initial business combination at a per-share price,
payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account calculated as of two business days prior to the consummation
of our initial business combination, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us
to pay our income taxes, if any, divided by the number of the then-outstanding public shares, subject to the limitations described herein.
The amount in the trust account is initially anticipated to be 10.00 per public share. The per share amount we will distribute to investors
who properly redeem their shares will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commissions we will pay to the underwriters. The redemption
rights may include the requirement that a beneficial owner must identify itself in order to valid redeem its shares. Our sponsor and our
team have entered into an agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to their
founder shares and any public shares purchased during or after our initial public offering in connection with (i) the completion of our
initial business combination and (ii) a shareholder vote to approve an amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of
association (A) that would modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right
to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not
complete our initial business combination by the Termination Date, or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of
holders of our Class A ordinary shares or pre-initial business combination activity. Unlike many blank check companies that hold shareholder
votes and conduct proxy solicitations in conjunction with their initial business combinations and provide for related redemptions of public
shares for cash upon completion of such initial business combinations even when a vote is not required by law, if a shareholder vote is
not required by applicable law or stock exchange rule and we do not decide to hold a shareholder vote for business or other reasons, we
will, pursuant to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, conduct the redemptions pursuant to the tender offer
rules of the SEC, and file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing our initial business combination. Our amended and restated
memorandum and articles of association require these tender offer documents to contain substantially the same financial and other information
about the initial business combination and the redemption rights as is required under the SEC s proxy rules. If, however, a shareholder
approval of the transaction is required by applicable law or stock exchange rule, or we decide to obtain shareholder approval for business
or other reasons, we will, like many blank check companies, offer to redeem shares in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to
the proxy rules and not pursuant to the tender offer rules. If we seek shareholder approval, we will complete our initial business combination
only if we receive approval pursuant to an ordinary resolution under Cayman Islands law, which requires the affirmative vote of a majority
of the shareholders who attend and vote at a general meeting of the company. However, the participation of our sponsor, officers, directors,
advisors or their affiliates in privately-negotiated transactions, if any, could result in the approval of our initial business combination
even if a majority of our public shareholders vote, or indicate their intention to vote, against such initial business combination unless
restricted by applicable NYSE rules. For purposes of seeking approval of the majority of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares, non-votes
will have no effect on the approval of our initial business combination once a quorum is obtained. Our amended and restated memorandum
and articles of association require that at least five days notice will be given of any general meeting. 

2 

If we seek shareholder approval of our initial
business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer
rules, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provides that a public shareholder, together with any affiliate
of such shareholder or any other person with whom such shareholder is acting in concert or as a group (as defined under
Section 13 of the Exchange Act), will be restricted from redeeming its shares with respect to Excess Shares, without our prior consent.
However, we would not be restricting our shareholders ability to vote all of their shares (including Excess Shares) for or against
our initial business combination. Our shareholders inability to redeem the Excess Shares will reduce their influence over our ability
to complete our initial business combination, and such shareholders could suffer a material loss in their investment if they sell such
Excess Shares on the open market. 

Additionally, such shareholders will not receive
redemption distributions with respect to the Excess Shares if we complete our initial business combination. And, as a result, such shareholders
will continue to hold that number of shares exceeding 15 and, in order to dispose such shares would be required to sell their shares
in open market transactions, potentially at a loss. 

If we seek shareholder approval, we will complete
our initial business combination only if we receive approval pursuant to an ordinary resolution under Cayman Islands law, which requires
the affirmative vote of a majority of the shareholders who attend and vote at a general meeting of the company. In such case, our sponsor
and each member of our team have agreed to vote their founder shares and any public shares purchased during or after our initial public
offering in favor of our initial business combination. As a result, in addition to our initial shareholder s founder shares, we
would need none of our currently outstanding public shares to be voted in favor of an initial business combination in order to have our
initial business combination approved. The other members of our team are subject to the same arrangements with respect to any public shares
acquired by them in or after our initial public offering. Additionally, each public shareholder may appoint to redeem their public shares
irrespective of whether they vote for or against the proposed transaction or vote at all. 

Pursuant to our amended and restated memorandum
and articles of association, if we do not consummate an initial business combination by the Termination Date, we will (i) cease all operations
except for the purpose of winding up; (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but no more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the
public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest
earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our income taxes, if any (less up to 100,000 of
interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of the then-outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish
public shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any); and (iii)
as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining shareholders and our board of directors,
liquidate and dissolve, subject in each case of clause (ii) and (iii), to our obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims
of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. Our sponsor and each member of our team have entered into an agreement with
us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to any founder
shares they hold if we fail to consummate an initial business combination by the Termination Date (although they will be entitled to liquidating
distributions from the trust account with respect to any public shares they hold if we fail to complete our initial business combination
by the Termination Date). 

In the event of a liquidation, dissolution or winding
up of the company after a business combination, our shareholders are entitled to share ratably in all assets remaining available for distribution
to them after payment of liabilities and after provision is made for each class of shares, if any, having preference over the ordinary
shares. Our shareholders have no preemptive or other subscription rights. There are no sinking fund provisions applicable to the ordinary
shares, except that we will provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their public shares for cash at a per share
price equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account
and not previously released to us to pay our income taxes, if any, divided by the number of the then-outstanding public shares, upon the
completion of our initial business combination, subject to the limitations described herein. 

3 

Founder Shares 

The founder shares are designated as Class B ordinary
shares and, except as described below, are identical to the Class A ordinary shares included in the units being sold in our initial public
offering, and holders of founder shares have the same shareholder rights as public shareholders, except that: 

prior to our initial business combination, only holders of our founder shares will have the right to vote on the appointment of directors; 

the founder shares are subject to certain transfer restrictions, as described in more detail below; 

our sponsor and our team have entered into an agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to (i) waive their redemption
rights with respect to any founder shares and public shares they hold, (ii) to waive their redemption rights with respect to any founder
shares and any public shares purchased during or after our initial public offering in connection with a shareholder vote to approve an
amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) that would modify the substance or timing of our obligation
to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial business combination
or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination by the Termination Date, (B) with respect
to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares or pre-initial business combination activity and
(iii) waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to any founder shares or private placement warrants
they hold if we fail to consummate an initial business combination by the Termination Date (although they will be entitled to liquidating
distributions from the trust account with respect to any public shares they hold if we fail to complete our initial business combination
by the Termination Date); 

the founder shares will automatically convert into our Class A ordinary shares at the time of our initial business combination as
described below adjacent to the caption Founder shares conversion and anti-dilution rights and in our amended and restated
memorandum and articles of association; and 

the founder shares are entitled to registration rights. 

If we submit our initial business combination to
our public shareholders for a vote, our sponsor and our team have agreed to vote their founder shares and any public shares purchased
during or after our initial public offering in favor of our initial business combination. If we seek shareholder approval, we will complete
our initial business combination only if a majority of the ordinary shares, represented in person or by proxy and entitled to vote thereon,
voted at a general meeting are voted in favor of the business combination. In such case, our sponsor and each member of our team have
agreed to vote their founder shares and any public shares purchased during or after our initial public offering in favor of our initial
business combination. As a result, in addition to our initial shareholders founder shares, we would need 11,625,001, or 37.5 ,
of the 31,000,000 public shares sold in our initial public offering to be voted in favor of an initial business combination in order to
have our initial business combination approved (assuming all issued and outstanding shares are voted). 

The founder shares will automatically convert into
Class A ordinary shares on the first business day following the consummation of our initial business combination at a ratio such that
the number of Class A ordinary shares issuable upon conversion of all founder shares will equal, in the aggregate, on an as-converted
basis, 63.3 of the sum of (i) the total number of ordinary shares issued and outstanding following the Extension Meeting, plus (ii) the
sum of the total number of Class A ordinary shares issued or deemed issued or issuable upon conversion or exercise of any equity-linked
securities or rights issued or deemed issued, by the Company in connection with or in relation to the consummation of our initial business
combination, excluding any Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked securities exercisable for or convertible into Class A ordinary shares
issued, deemed issued, or to be issued, to any seller in our initial business combination and any private placement warrants issued to
our sponsor, members of our team or any of their affiliates upon conversion of working capital loans. In no event will the Class B ordinary
shares convert into Class A ordinary shares at a rate of less than one to one. 

4 

Except as described herein, our sponsor and our
team have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell (i) any of their founder shares until the earliest of (A) one year after the completion
of our initial business combination and (B) subsequent to our initial business combination, (x) if the closing price of our Class A ordinary
shares equals or exceeds 12.00 per share (as adjusted for share sub-divisions, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations
and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after our initial business combination,
or (y) the date on which we complete a liquidation, merger, share exchange, reorganization or other similar transaction that results in
all of our public shareholders having the right to exchange their ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property and (ii) any
of their private placement warrants and Class A ordinary shares issued upon conversion or exercise thereof until 30 days after the completion
of our initial business combination. Any permitted transferees will be subject to the same restrictions and other agreements of our sponsor
and our team with respect to any founder shares, private placement warrants and Class A ordinary shares issued upon conversion or exercise
thereof. We refer to such transfer restrictions throughout this exhibit as the lock-up. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the closing
price of our Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds 12.00 per share (as adjusted for share sub-divisions, share capitalizations, reorganizations,
recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after our initial
business combination, the founder shares will be released from the lock-up. 

Prior to the completion of our initial business
combination, only holders of our founder shares will have the right to vote on the appointment of directors. Holders of our public shares
will not be entitled to vote on the appointment of directors during such time. In addition, prior to the completion of an initial business
combination, holders of a majority of our founder shares may remove a member of the board of directors for any reason. These provisions
of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association may only be amended by a special resolution passed by holders representing
at least two-thirds of our issued and outstanding Class B ordinary shares. With respect to any other matter submitted to a vote of our
shareholders, including any vote in connection with our initial business combination, except as required by law, holders of our founder
shares and holders of our public shares will vote together as a single class, with each share entitling the holder to one vote. 

Register of Members 

Under the Companies Act, we must keep a register
of members and there should be entered therein: 

the names and addresses of the members of the company, a statement of the shares held by each member, which: 

distinguishes each share by its number (so long as the share has a number); 

confirms the amount paid, or agreed to be considered as paid, on the shares of each member; confirms the number and category of shares
held by each member; and 

confirms whether each relevant category of shares held by a member carries voting rights under the Articles, and if so, whether such
voting rights are conditional; 

the date on which the name of any person was entered on the register as a member; and 

the date on which any person ceased to be a member. 

For these purposes, voting rights 
means rights conferred on shareholders, including the right to appoint or remove directors, in respect of their shares to vote at general
meetings of the company on all or substantially all matters. A voting right is conditional where the voting right arises only in certain
circumstances. 

Under Cayman Islands law, the register of members
of our company is prima facie evidence of the matters set out therein (i.e., the register of members will raise a presumption of fact
on the matters referred to above unless rebutted) and a member registered in the register of members will be deemed as a matter of Cayman
Islands law to have legal title to the shares as set against its name in the register of members. Since the closing of our initial public
offering, the register of members was immediately updated to reflect the issue of shares by us. Once our register of members has been
updated, the shareholders recorded in the register of members will be deemed to have legal title to the shares set against their name.
However, there are certain limited circumstances where an application may be made to a Cayman Islands court for a determination on whether
the register of members reflects the correct legal position. 

Further, the Cayman Islands court has the power
to order that the register of members maintained by a company should be rectified where it considers that the register of members does
not reflect the correct legal position. If an application for an order for rectification of the register of members were made in respect
of our ordinary shares, then the validity of such shares may be subject to re-examination by a Cayman Islands court. 

5 

Preference Shares 

Our amended and restated memorandum and articles
of association authorizes 1,000,000 preference shares and provides that preference shares may be issued from time to time in one or more
series. Our board of directors is authorized to fix the voting rights, if any, designations, powers, preferences, the relative, participating,
optional or other special rights and any qualifications, limitations and restrictions thereof, applicable to the shares of each series.
Our board of directors is able to, without shareholder approval, issue preference shares with voting and other rights that could adversely
affect the voting power and other rights of the holders of the ordinary shares and could have anti-takeover effects. The ability of our
board of directors to issue preference shares without shareholder approval could have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing
a change of control of us or the removal of our team. We have no preference shares issued and outstanding at the date hereof. Although
we do not currently intend to issue any preference shares, we cannot assure you that we will not do so in the future. 

Warrants 

Public Shareholders Warrants 

Each whole warrant entitles the registered holder
to purchase one Class A ordinary share at a price of 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment as discussed below, at any time commencing
on the later of one year from the closing of our initial public offering and 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination,
provided in each case that we have an effective registration statement under the Securities Act covering the Class A ordinary shares issuable
upon exercise of the warrants and a current prospectus relating to them is available (or we permit holders to exercise their warrants
on a cashless basis under the circumstances specified in the warrant agreement) and such shares are registered, qualified or exempt from
registration under the securities, or blue sky, laws of the state of residence of the holder. Pursuant to the warrant agreement, a warrant
holder may exercise its warrants only for a whole number of Class A ordinary shares. This means only a whole warrant may be exercised
at a given time by a warrant holder. No fractional warrants will be issued upon separation of the units and only whole warrants will trade.
Accordingly, unless you purchase at least three units, you will not be able to receive or trade a whole warrant. The warrants will expire
five years after the completion of our initial business combination, at 5:00 p.m., New York City time, or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. 

We are not obligated to deliver any Class A ordinary
shares pursuant to the exercise of a warrant and will have no obligation to settle such warrant exercise unless a registration statement
under the Securities Act with respect to the Class A ordinary shares underlying the warrants is then effective and a prospectus relating
thereto is current, subject to our satisfying our obligations described below with respect to registration, or a valid exemption from
registration is available. No warrant is exercisable and we are not obligated to issue a Class A ordinary share upon exercise of a warrant
unless the Class A ordinary share issuable upon such warrant exercise has been registered, qualified or deemed to be exempt under the
securities laws of the state of residence of the registered holder of the warrants. In the event that the conditions in the two immediately
preceding sentences are not satisfied with respect to a warrant, the holder of such warrant will not be entitled to exercise such warrant
and such warrant may have no value and expire worthless. In no event are we required to net cash settle any warrant. In the event that
a registration statement is not effective for the exercised warrants, the purchaser of a unit containing such warrant will have paid the
full purchase price for the unit solely for the Class A ordinary share underlying such unit. 

We have agreed that as soon as practicable, but
in no event later than 20 business days after the closing of our initial business combination, we will use our commercially reasonable
efforts to file with the SEC a registration statement covering the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants, and
we will use our commercially reasonable efforts to cause the same to become effective within 60 business days after the closing of our
initial business combination, and to maintain the effectiveness of such registration statement and a current prospectus relating to those
Class A ordinary shares until the warrants expire or are redeemed, as specified in the warrant agreement; provided that if our Class A
ordinary shares are at the time of any exercise of a warrant not listed on a national securities exchange such that they satisfy the definition
of a covered security under Section 18(b)(1) of the Securities Act, we may, at our option, require holders of public warrants
who exercise their warrants to do so on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act and, in
the event we so appoint, we will not be required to file or maintain in effect a registration statement. If a registration statement covering
the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants is not effective by the 60th day after the closing of our initial business
combination, warrant holders may, until such time as there is an effective registration statement and during any period when we will have
failed to maintain an effective registration statement, exercise warrants on a cashless basis in accordance with Section
3(a)(9) of the Securities Act or another exemption, but we will use our best efforts to register or qualify the shares under applicable
blue sky laws to the extent an exemption is not available. 

6 

In addition, if (x) we issue additional Class A
ordinary shares or equity linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection with the closing of our initial business combination
at an issue price or effective issue price of less than 9.20 per Class A ordinary share (with such issue price or effective issue price
to be determined in good faith by our board of directors and, in the case of any such issuance to our initial shareholders or their affiliates,
without taking into account any founder shares held by our initial shareholders or such affiliates, as applicable, prior to such issuance
including any transfer or reissuance of such shares (the Newly Issued Price )), (y) the aggregate gross proceeds from such
issuances represent more than 60 of the total equity proceeds, and interest thereon, available for the funding of our initial business
combination, and (z) the volume-weighted average trading price of our Class A ordinary shares during the 10 trading day period starting
on the trading day after the day on which we consummate our initial business combination is below 9.20 per share, the exercise price
of the warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 115 of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price,
and the 10.00 and 18.00 per share redemption trigger prices adjacent to Redemption of warrants for Class A ordinary shares when
the price per Class A ordinary share equals or exceeds 10.00. and Redemption of warrants for Class A ordinary shares when
the price per Class A ordinary share equals or exceeds 18.00. will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 100 and 180 
of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price, respectively. 

Redemption of warrants for cash when the price
per Class A ordinary share equals or exceeds 18.00. 

Once the warrants become exercisable, we may call
the warrants for redemption (except as described herein with respect to the private placement warrants): 

in whole and not in part; 

at a price of 0.01 per warrant; 

upon not less than 30 days prior written notice of redemption to each warrant holder; and 

if, and only if, the closing price of the Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds 18.00 per share (as adjusted for share sub-divisions,
share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within a 30-trading day period ending
on the third trading day prior to the date on which notice of the redemption is given to the warrant holders (the Reference Value ). 

We will not redeem the warrants as described above
unless a registration statement under the Securities Act covering the issuance of the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of
the warrants is then effective and a current prospectus relating to those shares is available throughout the 30-day redemption period.
If and when the warrants become redeemable by us, we may exercise our redemption right even if we are unable to register or qualify the
underlying securities for sale under all applicable state securities laws. As a result, we may redeem the warrants as set forth above
even if the holders are otherwise unable to exercise the warrants. 

We have established the last of the redemption
criteria discussed above to prevent a redemption call unless there is at the time of the call a significant premium to the warrant exercise
price. If the foregoing conditions are satisfied and we issue a notice of redemption of the warrants, each warrant holder will be entitled
to exercise his, her or its warrant prior to the scheduled redemption date. However, the price of the Class A ordinary shares may fall
below the 18.00 redemption trigger price (as adjusted for share sub-divisions, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations
and the like) as well as the 11.50 (for whole shares) warrant exercise price after the redemption notice is issued. 

Redemption of warrants for cash when the price
per Class A ordinary share equals or exceeds 10.00. Once the warrants become exercisable, we may redeem the outstanding warrants: 

in whole and not in part; 

at 0.10 per warrant upon a minimum of 30 days prior written notice of redemption; provided that during such 30 day period
holders will be able to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis prior to redemption and receive that number of shares determined by
reference to the table below, based on the redemption date and the fair market value of our Class A ordinary shares (as
defined below) except as otherwise described below; provided, further, that if the warrants are not exercised on a cashless basis or otherwise
during such 30 day period, we shall redeem such warrants for 0.10 per share; 

7 

if, and only if, the Reference Value (as defined above under Redemption of Warrants When the Price per Class A Ordinary Share
Equals or Exceeds 18.00 equals or exceeds 10.00 per share (as adjusted for share subdivisions, share dividends, reorganizations,
recapitalizations and the like) on the trading day before we send the notice of redemption to the warrant holders; and 

if the Reference Value is less than 18.00 per share (as adjusted for share subdivisions, share dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations
and the like), the private placement warrants must also be concurrently called for redemption on the same terms as the outstanding public
warrants, as described above. 

The numbers in the table below represent the number
of Class A ordinary shares that a warrant holder will receive upon exercise in connection with a redemption by us pursuant to this redemption
feature, based on the fair market value of our Class A ordinary shares on the corresponding redemption date (assuming holders
elect to exercise their warrants and such warrants are not redeemed for 0.10 per warrant), determined based on volume-weighted average
price of our Class A ordinary shares as reported during the 10 trading days immediately following the date on which the notice of redemption
is sent to the holders of warrants, and the number of months that the corresponding redemption date precedes the expiration date of the
warrants, each as set forth in the table below. We will provide our warrant holders with the final fair market value no later than one
business day after the 10-trading day period described above ends. 

Pursuant to the warrant agreement, references above
to Class A ordinary shares shall include a security other than Class A ordinary shares into which the Class A ordinary shares have been
converted or exchanged for in the event we are not the surviving company in our initial business combination. The numbers in the table
below will not be adjusted when determining the number of Class A ordinary shares to be issued upon exercise of the warrants if we are
not the surviving entity following our initial business combination. 

The share prices set forth in the column headings
of the table below will be adjusted as of any date on which the number of shares issuable upon exercise of a warrant or the exercise price
of the warrant is adjusted as set forth under the heading Anti-dilution Adjustments below. If the number of shares
issuable upon exercise of a warrant is adjusted, the adjusted share prices in the column headings will equal the share prices immediately
prior to such adjustment, multiplied by a fraction, the numerator of which is the exercise price of the warrant after such adjustment
and the denominator of which is the price of the warrant immediately prior to such adjustment. In such an event, the number of shares
in the table below shall be adjusted by multiplying such share amounts by a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of shares deliverable
upon exercise of a warrant immediately prior to such adjustment and the denominator of which is the number of shares deliverable upon
exercise of a warrant as so adjusted. If the exercise price of the warrant is adjusted as a result of raising capital in connection with
the initial business combination, the adjusted share prices in the column headings will by multiplied by a fraction, the numerator of
which is the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price as set forth under the heading Anti-dilution Adjustments 
and the denominator of which is 10.00. 

Fair Market Value of Class A Ordinary Shares 
 
 Redemption Date (period to expiration of warrants) 
 18.00 
 
 60 months 
 0.261 
 0.281 
 0.297 
 0.311 
 0.324 
 0.337 
 0.348 
 0.358 
 0.361 
 
 57 months 
 0.257 
 0.277 
 0.294 
 0.310 
 0.324 
 0.337 
 0.348 
 0.358 
 0.361 
 
 54 months 
 0.252 
 0.272 
 0.291 
 0.307 
 0.322 
 0.335 
 0.347 
 0.357 
 0.361 
 
 51 months 
 0.246 
 0.268 
 0.287 
 0.304 
 0.320 
 0.333 
 0.346 
 0.357 
 0.361 
 
 48 months 
 0.241 
 0.263 
 0.283 
 0.301 
 0.317 
 0.332 
 0.344 
 0.356 
 0.361 
 
 45 months 
 0.235 
 0.258 
 0.279 
 0.298 
 0.315 
 0.330 
 0.343 
 0.356 
 0.361 
 
 42 months 
 0.228 
 0.252 
 0.274 
 0.294 
 0.312 
 0.328 
 0.342 
 0.355 
 0.361 
 
 39 months 
 0.221 
 0.246 
 0.269 
 0.290 
 0.309 
 0.325 
 0.340 
 0.354 
 0.361 
 
 36 months 
 0.213 
 0.239 
 0.263 
 0.285 
 0.305 
 0.323 
 0.339 
 0.353 
 0.361 
 
 33 months 
 0.205 
 0.232 
 0.257 
 0.280 
 0.301 
 0.320 
 0.337 
 0.352 
 0.361 
 
 30 months 
 0.196 
 0.224 
 0.250 
 0.274 
 0.297 
 0.316 
 0.335 
 0.351 
 0.361 
 
 27 months 
 0.185 
 0.214 
 0.242 
 0.268 
 0.291 
 0.313 
 0.332 
 0.350 
 0.361 
 
 24 months 
 0.173 
 0.204 
 0.233 
 0.260 
 0.285 
 0.308 
 0.329 
 0.348 
 0.361 
 
 21 months 
 0.161 
 0.193 
 0.223 
 0.252 
 0.279 
 0.304 
 0.326 
 0.347 
 0.361 
 
 18 months 
 0.146 
 0.179 
 0.211 
 0.242 
 0.271 
 0.298 
 0.322 
 0.345 
 0.361 
 
 15 months 
 0.130 
 0.164 
 0.197 
 0.230 
 0.262 
 0.291 
 0.317 
 0.342 
 0.361 
 
 12 months 
 0.111 
 0.146 
 0.181 
 0.216 
 0.250 
 0.282 
 0.312 
 0.339 
 0.361 
 
 9 months 
 0.090 
 0.125 
 0.162 
 0.199 
 0.237 
 0.272 
 0.305 
 0.336 
 0.361 
 
 6 months 
 0.065 
 0.099 
 0.137 
 0.178 
 0.219 
 0.259 
 0.296 
 0.331 
 0.361 
 
 3 months 
 0.034 
 0.065 
 0.104 
 0.150 
 0.197 
 0.243 
 0.286 
 0.326 
 0.361 
 
 0 months 

0.042 
 0.115 
 0.179 
 0.233 
 0.281 
 0.323 
 0.361 

8 

The exact fair market value and redemption date
may not be set forth in the table above, in which case, if the fair market value is between two values in the table or the redemption
date is between two redemption dates in the table, the number of Class A ordinary shares to be issued for each warrant exercised will
be determined by a straight-line interpolation between the number of shares set forth for the higher and lower fair market values and
the earlier and later redemption dates, as applicable, based on a 365 or 366-day year, as applicable. For example, if the volume-weighted
average price of our Class A ordinary shares as reported during the 10 trading days immediately following the date on which the notice
of redemption is sent to the holders of the warrants is 11.00 per share, and at such time there are 57 months until the expiration of
the warrants, holders may choose to, in connection with this redemption feature, exercise their warrants for 0.277 Class A ordinary shares
for each whole warrant. For an example where the exact fair market value and redemption date are not as set forth in the table above,
if the volume-weighted average price of our Class A ordinary shares as reported during the 10 trading days immediately following the date
on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders of the warrants is 13.50 per share, and at such time there are 38 months until
the expiration of the warrants, holders may choose to, in connection with this redemption feature, exercise their warrants for 0.298 Class
A ordinary shares for each whole warrant. In no event will the warrants be exercisable in connection with this redemption feature for
more than 0.361 Class A ordinary shares per warrant (subject to adjustment). 

This redemption feature is structured to allow
for all of the outstanding warrants to be redeemed when the Class A ordinary shares are trading at or above 10.00 per share, which may
be at a time when the trading price of our Class A ordinary shares is below the exercise price of the warrants. We have established this
redemption feature to provide us with the flexibility to redeem the warrants without the warrants having to reach the 18.00 per share
threshold set forth above under Redemption of warrants for cash when the price per Class A ordinary share equals or exceeds
 18.00. Holders choosing to exercise their warrants in connection with a redemption pursuant to this feature will, in effect, receive
a number of shares for their warrants based on an option pricing model with a fixed volatility input as of January 26, 2021. This redemption
right provides us with an additional mechanism by which to redeem all of the outstanding warrants, and therefore have certainty as to
our capital structure as the warrants would no longer be outstanding and would have been exercised or redeemed. We will be required to
pay the applicable redemption price to warrant holders if we choose to exercise this redemption right and it will allow us to quickly
proceed with a redemption of the warrants if we determine it is in our best interest to do so. As such, we would redeem the warrants in
this manner when we believe it is in our best interest to update our capital structure to remove the warrants and pay the redemption price
to the warrant holders. 

As stated above, we can redeem the warrants when
the Class A ordinary shares are trading at a price starting at 10.00, which is below the exercise price of 11.50, because it will provide
certainty with respect to our capital structure and cash position while providing warrant holders with the opportunity to exercise their
warrants on a cashless basis for the applicable number of shares. If we choose to redeem the warrants when the Class A ordinary shares
are trading at a price below the exercise price of the warrants, this could result in the warrant holders receiving fewer Class A ordinary
shares than they would have received if they had chosen to wait to exercise their warrants for Class A ordinary shares if and when such
Class A ordinary shares were trading at a price higher than the exercise price of 11.50. 

No fractional Class A ordinary shares will be issued
upon exercise. If, upon exercise, a holder would be entitled to receive a fractional interest in a share, we will round down to the nearest
whole number of the number of Class A ordinary shares to be issued to the holder. If, at the time of redemption, the warrants are exercisable
for a security other than the Class A ordinary shares pursuant to the warrant agreement (for instance, if we are not the surviving company
in our initial business combination), the warrants may be exercised for such security. At such time as the warrants become exercisable
for a security other than the Class A ordinary shares, the Company (or surviving company) will use its commercially reasonable efforts
to register under the Securities Act the security issuable upon the exercise of the warrants. 

A holder of a warrant may notify us in writing
in the event it elects to be subject to a requirement that such holder will not have the right to exercise such warrant, to the extent
that after giving effect to such exercise, such person (together with such person s affiliates), to the warrant agent s actual
knowledge, would beneficially own in excess of 4.9 or 9.8 (as specified by the holder) of the Class A ordinary shares issued and outstanding
immediately after giving effect to such exercise. 

9 

Anti-dilution Adjustments . If the number
of outstanding Class A ordinary shares is increased by a capitalization or share dividend payable in Class A ordinary shares, or by a
sub-divisions of ordinary shares or other similar event, then, on the effective date of such capitalization or share dividend, sub-divisions
or similar event, the number of Class A ordinary shares issuable on exercise of each warrant will be increased in proportion to such increase
in the outstanding ordinary shares. A rights offering made to all or substantially all holders of ordinary shares entitling holders to
purchase Class A ordinary shares at a price less than the historical fair market value (as defined below) will be deemed
a share dividend of a number of Class A ordinary shares equal to the product of (i) the number of Class A ordinary shares actually sold
in such rights offering (or issuable under any other equity securities sold in such rights offering that are convertible into or exercisable
for Class A ordinary shares) and (ii) one minus the quotient of (x) the price per Class A ordinary share paid in such rights offering
and (y) the historical fair market value. For these purposes, (i) if the rights offering is for securities convertible into or exercisable
for Class A ordinary shares, in determining the price payable for Class A ordinary shares, there will be taken into account any consideration
received for such rights, as well as any additional amount payable upon exercise or conversion and (ii) historical fair market
value means the volume-weighted average price of Class A ordinary shares as reported during the 10 trading day period ending on
the trading day prior to the first date on which the Class A ordinary shares trade on the applicable exchange or in the applicable market,
regular way, without the right to receive such rights. 

In addition, if we, at any time while the warrants
are outstanding and unexpired, pay a dividend or make a distribution in cash, securities or other assets to all or substantially all the
holders of Class A ordinary shares on account of such Class A ordinary shares (or other securities into which the warrants are convertible),
other than (a) as described above, (b) any cash dividends or cash distributions which, when combined on a per share basis with all other
cash dividends and cash distributions paid on the Class A ordinary shares during the 365-day period ending on the date of declaration
of such dividend or distribution does not exceed 0.50 (as adjusted to appropriately reflect any other adjustments and excluding cash
dividends or cash distributions that resulted in an adjustment to the exercise price or to the number of Class A ordinary shares issuable
on exercise of each warrant) but only with respect to the amount of the aggregate cash dividends or cash distributions equal to or less
than 0.50 per share, (b) to satisfy the redemption rights of the holders of Class A ordinary shares in connection with a proposed initial
business combination, (d) to satisfy the redemption rights of the holders of Class A ordinary shares in connection with a shareholder
vote to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation
to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial business combination
or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination by the Termination Date, or (B) with respect
to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares or pre-initial business combination activity,
or (e) in connection with the redemption of our public shares upon our failure to complete our initial business combination, then the
warrant exercise price will be decreased, effective immediately after the effective date of such event, by the amount of cash and/or the
fair market value of any securities or other assets paid on each Class A ordinary share in respect of such event. 

If the number of outstanding Class A ordinary shares
is decreased by a consolidation, combination, reverse share sub-division or reclassification of Class A ordinary shares or other similar
event, then, on the effective date of such consolidation, combination, reverse share sub-division, reclassification or similar event,
the number of Class A ordinary shares issuable on exercise of each warrant will be decreased in proportion to such decrease in outstanding
Class A ordinary shares. 

Whenever the number of Class A ordinary shares
purchasable upon the exercise of the warrants is adjusted, as described above, the warrant exercise price will be adjusted by multiplying
the warrant exercise price immediately prior to such adjustment by a fraction (x) the numerator of which will be the number of Class A
ordinary shares purchasable upon the exercise of the warrants immediately prior to such adjustment and (y) the denominator of which will
be the number of Class A ordinary shares so purchasable immediately thereafter. 

In case of any reclassification or reorganization
of the outstanding Class A ordinary shares (other than those described above or that solely affects the par value of such Class A ordinary
shares), or in the case of any merger or consolidation of us with or into another corporation (other than a consolidation or merger in
which we are the continuing corporation and that does not result in any reclassification or reorganization of our issued and outstanding
Class A ordinary shares), or in the case of any sale or conveyance to another corporation or entity of the assets or other property of
us as an entirety or substantially as an entirety in connection with which we are dissolved, the holders of the warrants will thereafter
have the right to purchase and receive, upon the basis and upon the terms and conditions specified in the warrants and in lieu of the
Class A ordinary shares immediately theretofore purchasable and receivable upon the exercise of the rights represented thereby, the kind
and amount of Class A ordinary shares or other securities or property (including cash) receivable upon such reclassification, reorganization,
merger or consolidation, or upon a dissolution following any such sale or transfer, that the holder of the warrants would have received
if such holder had exercised their warrants immediately prior to such event. If less than 70 of the consideration receivable by the holders
of Class A ordinary shares in such a transaction is payable in the form of Class A ordinary shares in the successor entity that is listed
for trading on a national securities exchange or is quoted in an established over-the-counter market, or is to be so listed for trading
or quoted immediately following such event, and if the registered holder of the warrant properly exercises the warrant within thirty days
following public disclosure of such transaction, the warrant exercise price will be reduced as specified in the warrant agreement based
on the Black-Scholes value (as defined in the warrant agreement) of the warrant. The purpose of such exercise price reduction is to provide
additional value to holders of the warrants when an extraordinary transaction occurs during the exercise period of the warrants pursuant
to which the holders of the warrants otherwise do not receive the full potential value of the warrants. 

10 

The warrants will be issued in registered form
under a warrant agreement between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as warrant agent, and us. The warrant agreement provides
that the terms of the warrants may be amended without the consent of any holder to cure any ambiguity or correct any defective provision,
but requires the approval by the holders of at least 50 of the then outstanding public warrants to make any change that adversely affects
the interests of the registered holders. 

The warrant holders do not have the rights or privileges
of holders of ordinary shares and any voting rights until they exercise their warrants and receive Class A ordinary shares. After the
issuance of Class A ordinary shares upon exercise of the warrants, each holder will be entitled to one vote for each share held of record
on all matters to be voted on by shareholders. 

No fractional warrants will be issued upon separation
of the units and only whole warrants will trade. If, upon exercise of the warrants, a holder would be entitled to receive a fractional
interest in a share, we will, upon exercise, round down to the nearest whole number the number of Class A ordinary shares to be issued
to the warrant holder. 

We have agreed that, subject to applicable law,
any action, proceeding or claim against us arising out of or relating in any way to the warrant agreement will be brought and enforced
in the courts of the State of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York, and we irrevocably submit
to such jurisdiction, which jurisdiction will be the exclusive forum for any such action, proceeding or claim. See Risk Factors Our
warrant agreement will designate the courts of the State of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of
New York as the sole and exclusive forum for certain types of actions and proceedings that may be initiated by holders of our warrants,
which could limit the ability of warrant holders to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with our company. This provision
applies to claims under the Securities Act but does not apply to claims under the Exchange Act or any claim for which the federal district
courts of the United States of America are the sole and exclusive forum. 

Private Placement Warrants 

Except as described below, the private placement
warrants have terms and provisions that are identical to those of the warrants sold as part of the units in our initial public offering.
The private placement warrants (including the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the private placement warrants) will not
be transferable, assignable or salable until 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination (except pursuant to limited
exceptions as described under Principal Shareholders Transfers of Founder Shares and Private Placement Warrants, to
our officers and directors and other persons or entities affiliated with the initial purchasers of the private placement warrants) and
they will not be redeemable by us (except as described above under Public Shareholders Warrants Redemption
of warrants for cash when the price per Class A ordinary share equals or exceeds 10.00 so long as they are held by affiliates
of our sponsor or their permitted transferees. Affiliates of our sponsor, or their permitted transferees, have the option to exercise
the private placement warrants on a cashless basis. If the private placement warrants are held by holders other than affiliates of our
sponsor or their permitted transferees, the private placement warrants will be redeemable by us in all redemption scenarios and exercisable
by the holders on the same basis as the warrants included in the units being sold in our initial public offering. Any amendment to the
terms of the private placement warrants or any provision of the warrant agreement with respect to the private placement warrants will
require a vote of holders of at least 50 of the number of the then outstanding private placement warrants. 

If holders of the private placement warrants elect
to exercise them on a cashless basis, other than in the instance of redeeming warrants for Class A ordinary shares when the price per
Class A ordinary share equals or exceeds 10.00, they would pay the exercise price by surrendering his, her or its warrants for that number
of Class A ordinary shares equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number of Class A ordinary shares underlying
the warrants, multiplied by the excess of the historical fair market value (defined below) over the exercise price of the
warrants by (y) the historical fair market value. The historical fair market value will mean the average reported closing
price of the Class A ordinary shares for the 10 trading days ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which the notice of
warrant exercise is sent to the holders of warrants. The reason that we have agreed that these warrants will be exercisable on a cashless
basis so long as they are held by affiliates of our sponsor or their permitted transferees is because it is not known at this time whether
they will be affiliated with us following a business combination. If they remain affiliated with us, their ability to sell our securities
in the open market will be significantly limited. We expect to have policies in place that restrict insiders from selling our securities
except during specific periods of time. Even during such periods of time when insiders will be permitted to sell our securities, an insider
cannot trade in our securities if he or she is in possession of material non-public information. Accordingly, unlike public shareholders
who could exercise their warrants and sell the Class A ordinary shares received upon such exercise freely in the open market in order
to recoup the cost of such exercise, the insiders could be significantly restricted from selling such securities. As a result, we believe
that allowing the holders to exercise such warrants on a cashless basis is appropriate. 

In order to fund working capital deficiencies or
finance transaction costs in connection with an intended initial business combination, our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor or certain
of our officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required. Up to 1,500,000 of such loans may be convertible
into warrants of the post-business combination company at a price of 1.50 per warrant at the option of the lender. Such warrants would
be identical to the private placement warrants. 

11 

Dividends 

We have not paid any cash dividends on our ordinary
shares to date and do not intend to pay cash dividends prior to the completion of our initial business combination. The payment of cash
dividends in the future will be dependent upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital requirements and general financial condition
subsequent to completion of our initial business combination. The payment of any cash dividends subsequent to our initial business combination
will be within the discretion of our board of directors at such time, and we will only pay such dividend out of our profits or share premium
(subject to solvency requirements) as permitted under Cayman Islands law. If we incur any indebtedness in connection with a business combination,
our ability to declare dividends may be limited by restrictive covenants we may agree to in connection therewith. 

Our Transfer Agent and Warrant Agent 

The transfer agent for our ordinary shares and
warrant agent for our warrants is Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company. We have agreed to indemnify Continental Stock Transfer 
Trust Company in its roles as transfer agent and warrant agent, its agents and each of its shareholders, directors, officers and employees
against all claims and losses that may arise out of acts performed or omitted for its activities in that capacity, except for any claims
and losses due to any gross negligence or intentional misconduct of the indemnified person or entity. 

Certain Differences in Corporate Law 

Cayman Islands companies are governed by the Companies
Act. The Companies Act is modeled on English Law but does not follow recent English Law statutory enactments, and differs from laws applicable
to United States corporations and their shareholders. Set forth below is a summary of the material differences between the provisions
of the Companies Act applicable to us and the laws applicable to companies incorporated in the United States and their shareholders. 

Mergers and Similar Arrangements . In certain
circumstances, the Companies Act allows for mergers or consolidations between two Cayman Islands companies, or between a Cayman Islands
exempted company and a company incorporated in another jurisdiction (provided that is facilitated by the laws of that other jurisdiction)
so as to form a single surviving company. 

Where the merger or consolidation is between two
Cayman Islands companies, the directors of each company must approve and enter into a written plan of merger or consolidation containing
certain prescribed information. That plan or merger or consolidation must then be authorized by either (a) a special resolution (usually
a majority of two-thirds in value of the voting shares voted at a general meeting) of the shareholders of each company; or (b) such other
authorization, if any, as may be specified in such constituent company s articles of association. No shareholder resolution is required
for a merger between a parent company (i.e., a company that owns at least 90 of the issued shares of each class in a subsidiary company)
and its subsidiary company. The consent of each holder of a fixed or floating security interest of a constituent company must be obtained,
unless the court waives such requirement. If the Cayman Islands Registrar of Companies is satisfied that the requirements of the Companies
Act (which includes certain other formalities) have been complied with, the Registrar of Companies will register the plan of merger or
consolidation. 

Where the merger or consolidation involves a foreign
company, the procedure is similar, save that with respect to the foreign company, the directors of the Cayman Islands exempted company
are required to make a declaration to the effect that, having made due enquiry, they are of the opinion that the requirements set out
below have been met: (i) that the merger or consolidation is permitted or not prohibited by the constitutional documents of the foreign
company and by the laws of the jurisdiction in which the foreign company is incorporated, and that those laws and any requirements of
those constitutional documents have been or will be complied with; (ii) that no petition or other similar proceeding has been filed and
remains outstanding or order made or resolution adopted to wind up or liquidate the foreign company in any jurisdictions; (iii) that no
receiver, trustee, administrator or other similar person has been appointed in any jurisdiction and is acting in respect of the foreign
company, its affairs or its property or any part thereof; and (iv) that no scheme, order, compromise or other similar arrangement has
been entered into or made in any jurisdiction whereby the rights of creditors of the foreign company are and continue to be suspended
or restricted. 

12 

Where the surviving company is the Cayman Islands
exempted company, the directors of the Cayman Islands exempted company are further required to make a declaration to the effect that,
having made due enquiry, they are of the opinion that the requirements set out below have been met: (i) that the foreign company is able
to pay its debts as they fall due and that the merger or consolidated is bona fide and not intended to defraud unsecured creditors of
the foreign company; (ii) that in respect of the transfer of any security interest granted by the foreign company to the surviving or
consolidated company (a) consent or approval to the transfer has been obtained, released or waived; (b) the transfer is permitted by and
has been approved in accordance with the constitutional documents of the foreign company; and (c) the laws of the jurisdiction of the
foreign company with respect to the transfer have been or will be complied with; (iii) that the foreign company will, upon the merger
or consolidation becoming effective, cease to be incorporated, registered or exist under the laws of the relevant foreign jurisdiction;
and (iv) that there is no other reason why it would be against the public interest to permit the merger or consolidation. 

Where the above procedures are adopted, the Companies
Act provides certain limited appraisal rights for dissenting shareholders to be paid a payment of the fair value of his shares upon their
dissenting to the merger or consolidation if they follow a prescribed procedure. In essence, that procedure is as follows: (a) the shareholder
must give his written objection to the merger or consolidation to the constituent company before the vote on the merger or consolidation,
including a statement that the shareholder proposes to demand payment for his shares if the merger or consolidation is authorized by the
vote; (b) within 20 days following the date on which the merger or consolidation is approved by the shareholders, the constituent company
must give written notice to each shareholder who made a written objection; (c) a shareholder must within 20 days following receipt of
such notice from the constituent company, give the constituent company a written notice of his intention to dissent including, among other
details, a demand for payment of the fair value of his shares; (d) within seven days following the date of the expiration of the period
set out in paragraph (b) above or seven days following the date on which the plan of merger or consolidation is filed, whichever is later,
the constituent company, the surviving company or the consolidated company must make a written offer to each dissenting shareholder to
purchase his shares at a price that the company determines is the fair value and if the company and the shareholder agree the price within
30 days following the date on which the offer was made, the company must pay the shareholder such amount; and (e) if the company and the
shareholder fail to agree a price within such 30 day period, within 20 days following the date on which such 30 day period expires, the
company (and any dissenting shareholder) must file a petition with the Cayman Islands Grand Court to determine the fair value and such
petition must be accompanied by a list of the names and addresses of the dissenting shareholders with whom agreements as to the fair value
of their shares have not been reached by the company. At the hearing of that petition, the court has the power to determine the fair value
of the shares together with a fair rate of interest, if any, to be paid by the company upon the amount determined to be the fair value.
Any dissenting shareholder whose name appears on the list filed by the company may participate fully in all proceedings until the determination
of fair value is reached. These rights of a dissenting shareholder are not available in certain circumstances, for example, to dissenters
holding shares of any class in respect of which an open market exists on a recognized stock exchange or recognized interdealer quotation
system at the relevant date or where the consideration for such shares to be contributed are shares of any company listed on a national
securities exchange or shares of the surviving or consolidated company. 

Moreover, Cayman Islands law has separate statutory
provisions that facilitate the reconstruction or amalgamation of companies in certain circumstances, schemes of arrangement will generally
be more suited for complex mergers or other transactions involving widely held companies, commonly referred to in the Cayman Islands as
a scheme of arrangement which may be tantamount to a merger. 

In the event that a merger was sought pursuant
to a scheme of arrangement (the procedures for which are more rigorous and take longer to complete than the procedures typically required
to consummate a merger in the United States), the arrangement in question must be approved by a majority in number of each class of shareholders
and creditors with whom the arrangement is to be made and who must in addition represent three- fourth in value of each such class of
shareholders or creditors, as the case may be, that are present and voting either in person or by proxy at a meeting, or meeting summoned
for that purpose. The convening of the meetings and subsequently the terms of the arrangement must be sanctioned by the Grand Court of
the Cayman Islands. While a dissenting shareholder would have the right to express to the court the view that the transaction should not
be approved, the court can be expected to approve the arrangement if it satisfies itself that: 

we are not proposing to act illegally or beyond the scope of our corporate authority and the statutory provisions as to majority vote
have been complied with; 

the shareholders have been fairly represented at the meeting in question; the arrangement is such as a businessman would reasonably
approve; and 

the arrangement is not one that would more properly be sanctioned under some other provision of the Companies Act or that would amount
to a fraud on the minority. 

13 

If a scheme of arrangement or takeover offer (as
described below) is approved, any dissenting shareholder would have no rights comparable to appraisal rights (providing rights to receive
payment in cash for the judicially determined value of the shares), which would otherwise ordinarily be available to dissenting shareholders
of United States corporations. 

Squeeze-out Provisions . When a tender offer
is made and accepted by holders of 90 of the shares to whom the offer relates within four months, the offeror may, within a two-month
period, require the holders of the remaining shares to transfer such shares on the terms of the offer. An objection can be made to the
Grand Court of the Cayman Islands, but this is unlikely to succeed unless there is evidence of fraud, bad faith, collusion or inequitable
treatment of the shareholders. 

Further, transactions similar to a merger, reconstruction
and/or an amalgamation may in some circumstances be achieved through means other than these statutory provisions, such as a share capital
exchange, asset acquisition or control, or through contractual arrangements of an operating business. 

Shareholders Suits . Our Cayman Islands
legal counsel is not aware of any reported class action having been brought in a Cayman Islands court. Derivative actions have been brought
in the Cayman Islands courts, and the Cayman Islands courts have confirmed the availability for such actions. In most cases, we will be
the proper plaintiff in any claim based on a breach of duty owed to us, and a claim against (for example) our officers or directors usually
may not be brought by a shareholder. However, based both on Cayman Islands authorities and on English authorities, which would in all
likelihood be of persuasive authority and be applied by a court in the Cayman Islands, exceptions to the foregoing principle apply in
circumstances in which: 

a company is acting, or proposing to act, illegally or ultra vires (beyond the scope of its authority); 

the act complained of, although not beyond the scope of the authority, could be effected if duly authorized by more than the number
of votes which have actually been obtained; or 

those who control the company are perpetrating a fraud on the minority. 

A shareholder may have a direct right of action
against us where the individual rights of that shareholder have been infringed or are about to be infringed. 

Enforcement of Civil Liabilities . The Cayman
Islands has a different body of securities laws as compared to the United States and provides less protection to investors. Additionally,
Cayman Islands companies may not have standing to sue before the Federal courts of the United States. 

We have been advised by our Cayman Islands legal
counsel, that the courts of the Cayman Islands are unlikely (i) to recognize or enforce against us judgments of courts of the United States
predicated upon the civil liability provisions of the federal securities laws of the United States or any state; and (ii) in original
actions brought in the Cayman Islands, to impose liabilities against us predicated upon the civil liability provisions of the federal
securities laws of the United States or any state, so far as the liabilities imposed by those provisions are penal in nature. In those
circumstances, although there is no statutory enforcement in the Cayman Islands of judgments obtained in the United States, the courts
of the Cayman Islands will recognize and enforce a foreign money judgment of a foreign court of competent jurisdiction without retrial
on the merits based on the principle that a judgment of a competent foreign court imposes upon the judgment debtor an obligation to pay
the sum for which judgment has been given provided certain conditions are met. For a foreign judgment to be enforced in the Cayman Islands,
such judgment must be final and conclusive and for a liquidated sum, and must not be in respect of taxes or a fine or penalty, inconsistent
with a Cayman Islands judgment in respect of the same matter, impeachable on the grounds of fraud or obtained in a manner, and or be of
a kind the enforcement of which is, contrary to natural justice or the public policy of the Cayman Islands (awards of punitive or multiple
damages may well be held to be contrary to public policy). A Cayman Islands Court may stay enforcement proceedings if concurrent proceedings
are being brought elsewhere. 

14 

Special Considerations for Exempted Companies .
We are an exempted company with limited liability under the Companies Act. The Companies Act distinguishes between ordinary resident companies
and exempted companies. Any company that is registered in the Cayman Islands but conducts business mainly outside of the Cayman Islands
may apply to be registered as an exempted company. The requirements for an exempted company are essentially the same as for an ordinary
company except for the exemptions and privileges listed below: 

an exempted company does not have to file an annual return of its shareholders with the Registrar of Companies; 

an exempted company s register of members is not open to inspection; 

an exempted company does not have to hold an annual general meeting; 

an exempted company may issue negotiable shares or shares with no par value; 

an exempted company may obtain an undertaking against the imposition of any future taxation (such undertakings are usually given for
20 years in the first instance); 

an exempted company may register by way of continuation in another jurisdiction and be deregistered in the Cayman Islands; 

an exempted company may register as a limited duration company; and an exempted company may register as a segregated portfolio company. 

Limited liability means that the
liability of each shareholder is limited to the amount unpaid by the shareholder on the shares of the company (except in exceptional circumstances,
such as involving fraud, the establishment of an agency relationship or an illegal or improper purpose or other circumstances in which
a court may be prepared to pierce or lift the corporate veil). 

Memorandum and Articles of Association 

Our amended and restated memorandum and articles
of association contains provisions designed to provide certain rights and protections relating to our initial public offering that will
apply to us until the completion of our initial business combination. These provisions cannot be amended without a special resolution.
As a matter of Cayman Islands law, a resolution is deemed to be a special resolution where it has been approved by either (i) the affirmative
vote of at least two-thirds (or any higher threshold specified in a company s articles of association) of a company s shareholders
entitled to vote and so voting at a general meeting for which notice specifying the intention to propose the resolution as a special resolution
has been given; or (ii) if so authorized by a company s articles of association, by a unanimous written resolution of all of the
company s shareholders. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provides that special resolutions must be
approved either by at least two-thirds of our shareholders who attend and vote at a general meeting of the company (i.e., the lowest threshold
permissible under Cayman Islands law), or by a unanimous written resolution of all of our shareholders. 

Further, our amended and restated memorandum and
articles of association provides that a quorum at our general meetings will consist of one- third of the ordinary shares entitled to vote
at such meeting and present in person or by proxy; provided that a quorum in connection with any meeting that is convened to vote on a
business combination or any amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) that would modify the substance
or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with
our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination by the
Termination Date, or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares or pre-initial
business combination activity shall be a majority of the ordinary shares entitled to vote at such meeting being individuals present in
person or by proxy or if a corporation or other non-natural person by its duly authorized representative or proxy. 

15 

Our initial shareholders and their permitted transferees,
if any, who collectively beneficially own approximately 63.3 of our ordinary shares following the Extension Meeting, will participate
in any vote to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association and will have the discretion to vote in any manner
they choose. Specifically, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provides, among other things, that: 

if we do not consummate an initial business combination by the Termination Date, we will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose
of winding up; (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but no more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share
price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held
in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our income taxes, if any (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution
expenses), divided by the number of the then-outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public shareholders 
rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any); and (iii) as promptly as reasonably
possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining shareholders and our board of directors, liquidate and dissolve,
subject in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii) to our obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements
of other applicable law; 

prior to the completion of our initial business combination, we may not issue additional securities that would entitle the holders
thereof to (i) receive funds from the trust account or (ii) vote as a class with our public shares (a) on our initial business combination
or on any other proposal presented to shareholders prior to or in connection with the completion of an initial business combination or
(b) to approve an amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association to (x) extend the time we have to consummate
a business combination beyond the Termination Date, or (y) amend the foregoing provisions; 

although we do not intend to enter into a business combination with a target business that is affiliated with our sponsor, our directors
or our executive officers, we are not prohibited from doing so. In the event we enter into such a transaction, we, or a committee of independent
directors, will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or an independent valuation or accounting firm that such
a business combination or transaction is fair to our company from a financial point of view; 

if a shareholder vote on our initial business combination is not required by applicable law or stock exchange rule and we do not decide
to hold a shareholder vote for business or other reasons, we will offer to redeem our public shares pursuant to Rule 13e-4 and Regulation
14E of the Exchange Act, and will file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing our initial business combination which
contain substantially the same financial and other information about our initial business combination and the redemption rights as is
required under Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act; 

our initial business combination must occur with one or more target businesses that together have an aggregate fair market value of
at least 80 of the net assets held in the trust account (excluding the amount of deferred underwriting discounts held in trust and taxes
payable on the interest earned on the trust account) at the time of signing the agreement to enter into the initial business combination; 

if our shareholders approve an amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) that would modify
the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in
connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination
by the Termination Date, or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares or
pre-initial business combination activity, we will provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of
their ordinary shares upon such approval at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust
account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our income taxes, if
any, divided by the number of the then-outstanding public shares, subject to the limitations described herein; and 

we will not effectuate our initial business combination solely with another blank check company or a similar company with nominal
operations. 

In addition, our amended and restated memorandum
and articles of association provides that under no circumstances will we redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net
tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001. 

The Companies Act permits a company incorporated
in the Cayman Islands to amend its memorandum and articles of association with the approval of a special resolution. A company s
articles of association may specify that the approval of a higher majority is required but, provided the approval of the required majority
is obtained, any Cayman Islands exempted company may amend its memorandum and articles of association regardless of whether its memorandum
and articles of association provides otherwise. Accordingly, although we could amend any of the provisions relating to our proposed offering,
structure and business plan which are contained in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, we view all of these
provisions as binding obligations to our shareholders and neither we, nor our officers or directors, will take any action to amend or
waive any of these provisions unless we provide dissenting public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their public shares. 

16 

Certain Anti-Takeover Provisions of our Memorandum and Articles
of Association 

Our amended and restated memorandum and articles
of association provides that our board of directors will be classified into three classes of directors. As a result, in most circumstances,
a person can gain control of our board only by successfully engaging in a proxy contest at two or more annual general stock meetings. 

Our authorized but unissued Class A ordinary shares
and preference shares are available for future issuances without shareholder approval and could be utilized for a variety of corporate
purposes, including future offerings to raise additional capital, acquisitions and employee benefit plans. The existence of authorized
but unissued and unreserved Class A ordinary shares and preference shares could render more difficult or discourage an attempt to obtain
control of us by means of a proxy contest, tender offer, merger or otherwise. 

Securities Eligible for Future Sale 

We have 38,750,000 Class A ordinary shares issued
and outstanding on an as-converted basis. Of these shares, 31,000,000 are freely tradable without restriction or further registration
under the Securities Act, except for any Class A ordinary shares purchased by one of our affiliates within the meaning of Rule 144 under
the Securities Act. All of the remaining 7,750,000 founder shares and all 5,466,667 private placement warrants are restricted securities
under Rule 144, in that they were issued in private transactions not involving a public offering, and are subject to transfer restrictions
as set forth in the prospectus for our initial public offering. 

Rule 144 

Pursuant to Rule 144, a person who has beneficially
owned restricted shares or warrants for at least six months would be entitled to sell their securities provided that (i) such person is
not deemed to have been one of our affiliates at the time of, or at any time during the three months preceding, a sale and (ii) we are
subject to the Exchange Act periodic reporting requirements for at least three months before the sale and have filed all required reports
under Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act during the 12 months (or such shorter period as we were required to file reports) preceding
the sale. 

Persons who have beneficially owned restricted
shares or warrants for at least six months but who are our affiliates at the time of, or at any time during the three months preceding,
a sale, would be subject to additional restrictions, by which such person would be entitled to sell within any three- month period only
a number of securities that does not exceed the greater of: 

1 of the total number of ordinary shares then outstanding, which currently equal 387,500 shares; and 

the average weekly reported trading volume of the Class A ordinary shares during the four calendar weeks preceding the filing of a
notice on Form 144 with respect to the sale. 

Sales by our affiliates under Rule 144 are also
limited by manner of sale provisions and notice requirements and to the availability of current public information about us. 

17 

Restrictions on the Use of Rule 144 by Shell
Companies or Former Shell Companies 

Rule 144 is not available for the resale of securities
initially issued by shell companies (other than business combination related shell companies) or issuers that have been at any time previously
a shell company. However, Rule 144 also includes an important exception to this prohibition if the following conditions are met: 

the issuer of the securities that was formerly a shell company has ceased to be a shell company; 

the issuer of the securities is subject to the reporting requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act; 

the issuer of the securities has filed all Exchange Act reports and material required to be filed, as applicable, during the preceding
12 months (or such shorter period that the issuer was required to file such reports and materials), other than Form 8-K reports; and 

at least one year has elapsed from the time that the issuer filed current Form 10 type information with the SEC reflecting its status
as an entity that is not a shell company. 

As a result, our initial shareholders will be able
to sell their founder shares and affiliates of our sponsor will be able to sell their private placement warrants, and the securities underlying
the foregoing, pursuant to Rule 144 without registration one year after we have completed our initial business combination. 

Registration and Shareholder Rights 

The holders of the founder shares, private placement
warrants, Class A ordinary shares underlying the private placement warrants and warrants that may be issued upon conversion of working
capital loans (and any Class A ordinary shares issuable upon the exercise of the private placement warrants and warrants that may be issued
upon conversion of working capital loans) will be entitled to registration rights pursuant to a registration and shareholder rights agreement
to be signed prior to or on the effective date of our initial public offering. The holders of these securities are entitled to make up
to three demands, excluding short form demands, that we register such securities. In addition, the holders have certain piggy-back 
registration rights with respect to registration statements filed subsequent to our completion of our initial business combination. However,
the registration and shareholder rights agreement provides that we will not permit any registration statement filed under the Securities
Act to become effective until termination of the applicable lock-up period, which occurs (i) in the case of the founder shares, as described
in the following paragraph, and (ii) in the case of the private placement warrants and the respective Class A ordinary shares underlying
such warrants, 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination. We will bear the expenses incurred in connection with
the filing of any such registration statements. 

Except as described herein, our sponsor and our
team have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell (i) any of their founder shares until the earliest of (A) one year after the completion
of our initial business combination and (B) subsequent to our initial business combination, (x) if the closing price of our Class A ordinary
shares equals or exceeds 12.00 per share (as adjusted for share divisions, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations
and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after our initial business combination,
or (y) the date on which we complete a liquidation, merger, share exchange, reorganization or other similar transaction that results in
all of our public shareholders having the right to exchange their ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property, and (ii) any
of their private placement warrants and Class A ordinary shares issued upon conversion or exercise thereof until 30 days after the completion
of our initial business combination. Any permitted transferees will be subject to the same restrictions and other agreements of our sponsor
and team with respect to any founder shares, private placement warrants and Class A ordinary shares issued upon conversion or exercise
thereof. 

Listing of Securities 

Our units, Class A ordinary shares and warrants
have been approved for trading on the NYSE under the symbols CSTA.U, CSTA and CSTA WS respectively. 

18 

</EX-4.1>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 f10k2022ex31-1_constell1.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION OF THE CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(a) 
AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Chandra R. Patel, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Constellation
Acquisition Corp I (the Company ); 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under
which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other
financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows of the Company as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The Company s other certifying officer and I are responsible
for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal
control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) for the registrant and have: 

a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused
such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the Company,
including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which
this report is being prepared; 

b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or
caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding
the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles; 

c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the Company s disclosure
controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures,
as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. Disclosed in this report any change in the Company s
internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Company s most recent fiscal quarter (the Company s fourth
fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s
internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The Company s other certifying officer and I have disclosed,
based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the Company s auditors and the audit committee
of the Company s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the
design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Company s
ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management
or other employees who have a significant role in the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 30, 2023 

/s/ Chandra R. Patel 

Chandra R. Patel 

Chief Executive Officer, Chairman and Director 

Principal Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 f10k2022ex31-2_constell1.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION OF THE CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 

PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(a) 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Jarett Goldman, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Constellation
Acquisition Corp I (the Company ); 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under
which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other
financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows of the Company as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The Company s other certifying officer and I are responsible
for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal
control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) for the registrant and have: 

a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused
such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the Company,
including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which
this report is being prepared; 

b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or
caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding
the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles; 

c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the Company s disclosure
controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures,
as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. Disclosed in this report any change in the Company s
internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Company s most recent fiscal quarter (the Company s fourth
fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s
internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The Company s other certifying officer and I have disclosed,
based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the Company s auditors and the audit committee
of the Company s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the
design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Company s
ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management
or other employees who have a significant role in the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 30, 2023 

/s/ Jarett Goldman 

Jarett Goldman 

Chief Financial Officer 

Principal Financial and Accounting Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 f10k2022ex32-1_constell1.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION OF THE CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. 1350 
AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Chandra R. Patel, Chief Executive Officer of
Constellation Acquisition Corp I (the Company ), certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section
906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge: 

1. The
Annual Report of the Company on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 (the Annual Report fully complies
with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. The
information contained in the Annual Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
of the Company. 

Date: March 30, 2023 

/s/ Chandra
 R. Patel 

Chandra R. Patel 

Chief Executive Officer, Chairman
 and Director 

Principal Executive Officer 

This certification accompanies the Report pursuant
to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and shall not, except to the extent required by such Act, be deemed filed by the Company
for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). Such certification will
not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act, except
to the extent that the Company specifically incorporates it by reference. 

A signed original of this written statement required
by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the U.S. Securities and Exchange
Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 f10k2022ex32-2_constell1.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION OF THE CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. 1350 
AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Jarett Goldman, Chief Financial Officer of Constellation
Acquisition Corp I (the Company ), certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge: 

1. The
Annual Report of the Company on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 (the Annual Report fully complies
with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. The
information contained in the Annual Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
of the Company. 

Date: March 30, 2023 

/s/ Jarett
 Goldman 

Jarett Goldman 

Chief Financial Officer 

Principal Financial and
 Accounting Officer 

This certification accompanies the Report pursuant
to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and shall not, except to the extent required by such Act, be deemed filed by the Company
for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). Such certification will
not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act, except
to the extent that the Company specifically incorporates it by reference. 

A signed original of this written statement required
by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the U.S. Securities and Exchange
Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 csta-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 csta-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 csta-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 csta-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 csta-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

