<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230301_10-K_edgar_data_805676_0000805676-23-000044.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>38210251</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>660355</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>3712972</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>18144232</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>7238314</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>7590942</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>17</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000805676-23-000044.hdr.sgml : 20230301
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230301161704
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000805676-23-000044
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		178
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230301
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230301

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			PARK NATIONAL CORP /OH/
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000805676
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	NATIONAL COMMERCIAL BANKS [6021]
		IRS NUMBER:				311179518
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			OH
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-13006
		FILM NUMBER:		23693743

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		50 NORTH THIRD ST
		CITY:			NEWARK
		STATE:			OH
		ZIP:			43055
		BUSINESS PHONE:		6143498451

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		P O BOX 3500
		CITY:			NEWARK
		STATE:			OH
		ZIP:			43058-3500

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000805676-23-000044.txt : 20230301

10-K
 1
 prk-20221231.htm
 10-K

prk-20221231 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 
 
 (Mark One) FORM 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended OR TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from ____________ to ____________ 
 Commission File Number 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 (State or other jurisdiction of (I.R.S. Employer incorporation or organization) Identification No.) 
 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. 
 x No 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. 
 Yes x 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. 
 x No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to submit such files). 
 x No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the Registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management's assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262 (b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). 
 Yes x No 
 
 State the aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the price at which the common equity was last sold, or the average bid and asked price of such common equity, as of the last business day of the Registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter: As of June 30, 2022, the aggregate market value of the Registrant s common shares (the only common equity of the Registrant) held by non-affiliates of the Registrant was based on the closing sale price as reported on NYSE American. For this purpose, executive officers and directors of the Registrant are considered affiliates. 
 Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the Registrant s classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date: 
 Common Shares, no par value per share, outstanding at February 28, 2023. 
 DOCUMENT INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE Document Part Into Which Incorporated Portions of the Registrant s Definitive Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held on April 24, 2023 Part III 

Glossary of Abbreviations and Acronyms 
 
 Park has identified the following list of abbreviations and acronyms that are used in this Annual Report on Form 10-K: 

ACL Allowance for credit losses LGD Loss given default AFS Available-for-sale LIBOR London Inter-bank Offered Rate Allowance Allowance for credit losses MSRs Mortgage servicing rights AOCI Accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income, net of taxes NAV Net asset value ASC Accounting standards codification NewDominion NewDominion Bank ASU Accounting standards update OCI Other comprehensive income (loss) AUCL Allowance for unfunded credit losses OREO Other real estate owned CABF CAB Financial Corporation and its subsidiaries OWS One-way sell CARES Act Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act Park Park National Corporation and its subsidiaries unless context otherwise requires Carolina Alliance CAB Financial Corporation and its subsidiaries Park National Bank The Park National Bank CECL Current expected credit loss PBRSUs Performance-based restricted stock units CME Chicago Mercantile Exchange PCD Purchased credit deteriorated Corporation Park National Corporation and its subsidiaries PCI Purchased credit impaired COVID-19 Novel coronavirus PD Probability of default CRE Commercial real estate PNB The Park National Bank DCF Discounted cash flow PPP CARES Act Paycheck Protection Program FASB Financial Accounting Standards Board ROU Right-of-use Federal Reserve Board Board of Governors of Federal Reserve System SARs Stock appreciation rights FHLB Federal Home Loan Bank SBA Small Business Administration FRB Federal Reserve Bank SEC U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission GDP Gross domestic product SEPH SE Property Holdings, LLC GFSC Guardian Financial Services Company SOFR Secured overnight financing rate Guardian Finance Guardian Financial Services Company TBRSUs Time-based restricted stock units HPI Home price index TDRs Troubled debt restructurings HTM Held-to-maturity United States United States of America KSOP Park's qualified retirement plan that combines an employee stock ownership plan (ESOP) with a 401(k) plan U.S. United States IRLC Interest rate lock commitment U.S. GAAP United States generally accepted accounting principles LDA Loss driver analysis Vision Vision Bancshares, Inc. 

PART I 

ITEM 1. BUSINESS. 
 The disclosures set forth in this Item are qualified by "ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS" and the section captioned "FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS" in "ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS" of this Annual Report on Form 10-K and other cautionary statements set forth elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 General 
 Park National Corporation Park is a financial holding company subject to regulation under the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, as amended (the Bank Holding Company Act ). Park was initially incorporated under Delaware law in 1986 and began operations as a bank holding company in 1987. In 1992, Park changed its state of incorporation to Ohio. Park s principal executive offices are located at 50 North Third Street, Newark, Ohio 43055, and its telephone number is (740) 349-8451. Park s common shares, each without par value (the common shares ), are listed on NYSE American, under the symbol PRK. 
 Park maintains an internet site which can be accessed at http://www.parknationalcorp.com . Information contained in Park s internet site does not constitute part of, and is not incorporated into, this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Park makes available free of charge on or through its internet site Park s annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), as well as Park s definitive proxy statements filed pursuant to Section 14 of the Exchange Act, in each case as soon as reasonably practicable after Park electronically files such material with, or furnishes it to, the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ). 
 Park s principal business consists of owning and supervising its subsidiaries. Although Park directs the overall policies of its subsidiaries, including lending policies and financial resources, most day-to-day affairs are managed by the respective officers of Park s subsidiaries. 
 Human Capital 
 Park is a family of community banking teams that deliver an exceptional breadth and depth of resources to individuals and businesses. Our culture is deeply rooted in the values of service and philanthropy, and we believe strong communities are built with local volunteers, donations and leadership. 
 
 We believe the way we treat our clients, associates, and communities is what sets us apart from the competition and sustains our success. 
 
 Our associates are our most valued resource. We provide opportunities for growth and advancement by empowering our associates and offering ongoing training to develop knowledge and skills. We strive to provide a safe, fair, caring and courteous work environment. 
 
 Associate Profile 
 
 We operate 96 financial service offices in Ohio, northern Kentucky, and the Carolinas, with support staff located throughout our footprint and at various administration offices. As of December 31, 2022, we had 1,794 active associates, consisting of 1,632 full-time and 162 part-time. 
 
 Our branch delivery channels employ 33 of those associates. At December 31, 2022, our associate population was 69 female and 31 male, with an average tenure with Park of eight years. 
 
 Talent 
 
 We are committed to providing equal employment opportunities for all individuals. Our policy is to hire and promote individuals who best meet the requirements of available positions and who have the best potential for advancement. 
 
 Our Performance Management philosophy is to reward for performance. We have an annual goal setting process, with prompts for quarterly updates for supervisors and associates to review progress. We conduct an annual associate evaluation 
 -1- 

process that directly correlates with annual base salary reviews. Associates are encouraged to seek opportunities for improvement, both personally and professionally. We rely on their experience and knowledge to help us identify areas for improvement. 
 
 Career Pathways and Professional Development 
 
 Through Learning Development ("L D"), we work to foster professional growth by providing development opportunities to maximize associate performance, strengthen engagement and drive our competitive advantage. We enhance associates' knowledge and skills with high-quality, accessible training and professional development opportunities to support Park's mission of promoting long-term prosperity of the people and organizations we serve. 
 
 Our L D team is a strategic business partner dedicated to supporting the organization and helping others meet their objectives. In 2022, this team continued building a strategic infrastructure for the development of associates aligned with overall business outcomes. This included streamlining training, enhancing the onboarding experience, overseeing associate development, finding learning solutions that promote belonging and connection, and supporting training needs across all lines of business. 
 
 Compensation Benefits 
 
 Our compensation program includes market-aligned salary grades, an annual incentive compensation program for eligible associates, referral and rewards incentive programs available to associates based on job function, a long-term incentive plan ("LTIP") for select associates, and premium pay for associates working extended hours. We are in the process of reviewing and updating our compensation strategy to ensure we prioritize regular reviews and comparisons to current market data as an industry best practice. 
 
 Park offers comprehensive benefit options to encourage and support associates to live healthy and financially secure lives. Available benefits include an employee stock ownership plan ("KSOP") with a company matching contribution, a defined benefit pension plan, health and life insurance, dependent care assistance, a health flexible spending plan, a long-term disability plan, paid time off, tuition reimbursement for qualified schooling and an employee assistance program. As part of our strategic plan, we conducted a comprehensive review of all associate benefits. The first phase of this review, covering paid time off ("PTO") and the pension plan, was completed in 2022. The resulting enhancements to PTO and the pension plan took effect January 1, 2023 and position us to attract and retain associates. We will continue to review other components of our benefits package in 2023. 
 
 Health and Safety 
 
 We are committed to providing a safe environment for associates and customers, and the safe preservation and maintenance of our facilities and equipment. 
 
 Diversity, Equity and Inclusion ("DEI") 
 
 Diversity and inclusion are embedded in Park National Bank s values and culture. We respect excellence, character and integrity and we believe these virtues transcend culture, race, gender and age. We condemn prejudice on any level or any grounds. Our commitment to diversity and inclusion means providing every client or prospective client an equal opportunity to succeed financially. We believe it also means supporting a wide variety of community organizations and programs, and hiring associates from different backgrounds, locations and experiences. 
 
 In 2022, we expanded our DEI efforts by exploring new avenues for training and development for our associates. A group of associates attended a pilot DEI-focused workshop that included the opportunity to consider authentic stories from around the world that draw people into a bigger story where everyone is included. The purpose of the training is to: 
 
 Create conditions that foster safe, honest, self-reflective, and productive dialogue; 
 Encourage connection, listening, and curiosity to further appreciate differences and experiences; and 
 Apply frameworks and tools to promote inclusion and influence change. 
 
 Park s Board of Directors, leaders and DEI task force continue to pursue key goals in 2023 related to diversity, equity and inclusion . 
 
 Employee Culture Retention 
 
 Our organization celebrates a unique culture based on shared values. Park associates are united by a spirit of empathy and compassion and a genuine desire to serve others, whether customers, communities or colleagues. Associates value an 
 -2- 

environment where they can grow personally and professionally. We believe that is why so many choose to build a career and stay with Park. 
 
 Our voluntary turnover was 19 for 2022. At the end of our KSOP plan year, October 1, 2022, 83 of our associates were shareholders through participation in our KSOP, under which we provide a discretionary 50 match for each associate s regular contribution. 
 
 Our associate tenure reflects the effect of our efforts. By the end of 2022, 34 of our associates had been with our organization 10 years or more. 
 
 Banking Operations 
 Park s banking operations are conducted through The Park National Bank, a national banking association ("Park National Bank" or "PNB"). Park National Bank engages in the commercial banking and trust business, generally in small and medium population areas in Ohio, North Carolina and South Carolina communities in addition to operations within the metropolitan areas of Columbus and Cincinnati, Ohio, Charlotte, North Carolina, and Louisville, Kentucky. As of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, Park National Bank operated 96 financial service offices, including 92 branches, in Ohio, Kentucky, North Carolina and South Carolina. Park National Bank delivers financial products and services through its 96 financial service offices and a network of 115 automated teller machines, as well as telephone and internet-based banking through both personal computers and mobile devices, including ParkDirect, a mobile bank experience. 
 The reportable segment for the Corporation is PNB. 
 Consumer Finance Subsidiary 
 Guardian Finance, an Ohio consumer finance company, operates as a separate subsidiary of Park. Guardian Finance formerly provided consumer finance services in the central Ohio area. As of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, Guardian Finance had one administrative office in Licking County, Ohio. During 2019, Guardian Finance stopped seeking new loans. At December 31, 2022, Guardian Finance loans outstanding totaled 529,000. 
 SE Property Holdings, LLC ("SEPH") 
 SEPH is a limited liability company, organized in 2011 under the laws of the State of Ohio, and a direct subsidiary of Park. The initial purpose of SEPH was to purchase other real estate owned OREO from Vision Bank, a bank subsidiary of Park until February 16, 2012, and continue to market such properties for sale. By letter dated January 30, 2012, the Federal Reserve Board authorized Park to engage in the business of extending credit through SEPH. As a result, SEPH is permitted to engage in lending activities and was able to succeed to the rights and obligations of Vision Bank in respect of the loans held by Vision Bank when Vision Bank merged into SEPH on February 16, 2012 (the "Vision Bank-SEPH Merger"). SEPH has operations in Ohio, with the sole purpose of such operations being to sell OREO in an effective and efficient manner and work out or sell problem loan situations with the respective borrowers. 
 Scope Leasing, Inc. 
 Scope Leasing, Inc. (which does business as Scope Aircraft Finance ), a subsidiary of Park National Bank, specializes in aircraft financing. The customers of Scope Aircraft Finance include small businesses and entrepreneurs who utilize the aircraft for business or pleasure. Scope Aircraft Finance serves customers throughout the U.S. and Canada. 
 Vision Bancshares Trust I 
 In connection with the merger of Vision Bancshares, Inc. Vision into Park in March of 2007 (the Vision Merger ), Park became the successor to Vision under (i) the Junior Subordinated Indenture, dated as of December 5, 2005 (the Indenture ), pursuant to which Vision issued 15.5 million of junior subordinated notes to Vision Bancshares Trust I, a Delaware statutory trust (the Vision Trust ). The junior subordinated notes were issued by Vision in connection with the sale by the Vision Trust of 15.0 million of floating rate preferred securities to institutional investors on December 5, 2005. Park also became the successor to Vision in (i) the Amended and Restated Trust Agreement of the Vision Trust, dated as of December 5, 2005 (the Trust Agreement ), and (ii) the Guarantee Agreement, dated as of December 5, 2005 (the Guarantee Agreement ). Through these contractual obligations, Park has fully and unconditionally guaranteed all of the Vision Trust s obligations with respect to the floating rate preferred securities. 
 -3- 

Both the junior subordinated notes and the floating rate preferred securities mature on December 30, 2035 (which maturity may be shortened), and carry a floating interest rate per annum, reset quarterly, equal to the sum of three-month LIBOR plus 148 basis points. Effective June 30, 2023, LIBOR will cease to be the benchmark rate on the junior subordinated notes and floating rate preferred securities and will be replace by three-month CME Term SOFR as adjusted by the spread adjustment of 0.26161 . Payment of interest on the junior subordinated notes, and payment of cash distributions on the floating rate preferred securities, may be deferred at any time or from time to time for a period not to exceed 20 consecutive quarters, subject to specified conditions. 
 Under the terms of the Indenture and the related Guarantee Agreement, Park, as successor to Vision, is prohibited, subject to limited exceptions, from declaring or paying dividends or distributions on, or redeeming, repurchasing, acquiring or making any liquidation payments with respect to, any shares of Park s capital stock (i) if an event of default under the Indenture has occurred and continues; (ii) if Park is in default with respect to the payment of any obligations under the Guarantee Agreement; or (iii) during any period in which the payment of interest on the junior subordinated notes by Park (and the payment of cash distributions on the floating rate preferred securities by the Vision Trust) is being deferred. The floating rate preferred securities are considered Tier 1 Capital under regulatory capital standards. 
 
 Other Subsidiaries 
 Park Investments, Inc. ("PII"), which is a subsidiary of Park National Bank, operates as an asset management company. Commencing in 2015, Park began purchasing and holding municipal bonds within PII. As of December 31, 2022, PII held municipal securities with an amortized cost of 423.3 million. 
 NSCB 2, LLC, River Park Properties, LLC, Park ABQ, LLC, and X Holdings, LLC are subsidiaries of Park National Bank that hold certain OREO properties or other nonperforming assets. The operations of these subsidiaries are not significant to the consolidated Park entity. 
 87A Orange Beach, LLC, Morningside Holding, LLC, Swindall Holdings, LLC, Swindall Partnership Holdings, LLC, Farm Holdings, LLC, Marina Holdings Z, LLC, Marina Holding WE, LLC, Alabama Apartment Holdings, LLC and Vision-Park Properties, L.L.C. are subsidiaries of SEPH that hold certain OREO properties. The operations of these subsidiaries are not significant to the consolidated Park entity. 
 Services Provided by Park s Subsidiaries 
 Park National Bank provides the following principal services: 
 the acceptance of deposits for demand, savings and time accounts and the servicing of those accounts; 
 
 commercial, industrial, consumer and real estate lending, including installment loans, credit cards (which are offered through a third party), home equity lines of credit and commercial leasing; 
 
 a national portfolio of loans to non-bank consumer finance companies; 
 
 trust and wealth management services; 
 
 aircraft financing; 
 
 cash management; 
 
 safe deposit operations; 
 
 electronic funds transfers; 
 
 internet and mobile banking solutions with bill pay service; and 
 
 ParkDirect, a personal banking app. 
 
 Park believes that the deposit mix of Park National Bank is currently such that no material portion has been obtained from a single customer and, consequently, the loss of any one customer of Park National Bank would not have a materially adverse effect on the business of Park National Bank. 
 -4- 

Guardian Finance formerly provided consumer finance services. During 2019, Guardian Finance stopped seeking new loans. 
 Lending Activities 
 Park National Bank deals with consumers and a wide cross-section of businesses and corporations located primarily in the 26 Ohio counties, one Kentucky county, four North Carolina counties and four South Carolina counties served by the financial service offices of Park National Bank. At December 31, 2022, Park National Bank had no concentration of loans to borrowers engaged in the same or similar industries that exceeded 10 of total loans nor did it have any loans outstanding to persons domiciled outside the U.S. As a result of the Vision Bank-SEPH Merger, SEPH holds loans originated by Vision Bank previously serviced by the financial service offices of Vision Bank. It is expected that SEPH will originate loans only to further the collection efforts with respect to the loans transferred to SEPH by operation of law as a result of the Vision Bank-SEPH Merger. Such origination (or modification) volume has been and is expected to continue to be insignificant to the consolidated Park entity. 
 Park National Bank makes lending decisions in accordance with the written loan policies adopted by Park which are designed to maintain acceptable loan quality. Park National Bank originates and retains for its own portfolio commercial and commercial real estate loans, commercial leases, residential real estate loans, home equity lines of credit, and installment loans. Park National Bank also originates fixed-rate residential real estate loans for sale to the secondary market. 
 There are certain risks inherent in making loans. These risks include changes in the credit worthiness of borrowers over the time period in which loans may be repaid, interest rate changes over the time period in which loans may be repaid, risks resulting from changes in the national and local economies, risks inherent in dealing with borrowers and, in the case of loans secured by collateral, risks resulting from uncertainties about the future value of the collateral. 
 Commercial Loans 
 At December 31, 2022, Park s subsidiaries (including Scope Aircraft Finance) had approximately 3,115 million in commercial loans (commercial, financial and agricultural loans and commercial real estate loans) and commercial leases outstanding, representing approximately 43.6 of their total aggregate loan portfolio as of that date. Of this amount, approximately 1,301 million represented commercial, financial and agricultural loans, 1,794 million represented commercial real estate loans, and 20 million represented commercial leases. 
 Commercial loans are made for a wide variety of general corporate purposes, including financing for industrial and commercial properties, financing for equipment, inventory and accounts receivable, acquisition financing, commercial leasing, and loans originated by consumer finance companies. The term of each commercial loan varies by its purpose. Repayment terms are structured such that commercial loans will be repaid within the economic useful life of the underlying asset. Information concerning the loan maturity distribution within the commercial loan portfolio is provided in "Table 15 - Loan Maturity Distribution" included in "ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS" of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 The commercial loan portfolio of Park s current subsidiaries includes loans to a wide variety of corporations and businesses across many industrial classifications in the 26 Ohio counties, one Kentucky county, four North Carolina counties and four South Carolina counties where Park National Bank operates, with the exception of nationwide aircraft loans and nationwide asset-based lending to consumer finance companies. The primary industries represented by these customers include real estate rental and leasing, finance and insurance, construction, health care and social assistance, accommodation and food services, manufacturing, other services, retail trade, and agriculture, forestry, fishing and hunting. 
 Commercial loans are evaluated for the adequacy of repayment sources at the time of approval and are regularly reviewed for any possible deterioration in the ability of the borrower to repay the loan. The credit information required generally includes, depending on the amount of money lent, financial statements, third-party prepared financial statements, two years of federal income tax returns and a current credit report. Loan terms include amortization schedules commensurate with the purpose of each loan, identification of the source of each repayment and the risk involved. In most instances, collateral is required to provide an additional source of repayment in the event of default by a commercial borrower. The structure of the collateral package, including the type and amount of the collateral, varies from loan to loan depending on the financial strength of the borrower, the amount and terms of the loan and the collateral available to be pledged by the borrower. Most often, the collateral is inventory, machinery, accounts receivable and/or real estate. The guarantee of the business owners/principals is generally required on loans made to closely-held business entities. 
 -5- 

Commercial real estate loans CRE loans include mortgage loans to developers and owners of commercial real estate. The lending policy for CRE loans is designed to address the unique risk attributes of CRE lending. The collateral for CRE loans is the underlying commercial real estate. Park National Bank generally requires that the CRE loan amount be no more than 85 of the purchase price or the appraised value of the commercial real estate securing the CRE loan, whichever is less. CRE loans made for Park National Bank s portfolio generally have a variable interest rate. For more information concerning the loan maturity distribution in the CRE loan portfolio, please see "Table 15 - Loan Maturity Distribution" included in "ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS" of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 The regulatory limit for loans made to one borrower by Park National Bank was 144.0 million at December 31, 2022. Participations in a loan by Park National Bank in an amount larger than 47.0 million are generally sold to third-party banks or financial institutions. While Park National Bank has a loan limit of 144.0 million, the total exposure of the largest single borrower within the commercial portfolio was 75.0 million at December 31, 2022. 
 Park has an independent, internal loan review program which annually evaluates all loans greater than 1.0 million, all new loans greater than 1.0 million in its metropolitan markets of Columbus, Ohio, Cincinnati, Ohio, Louisville, Kentucky, and Charlotte, North Carolina, all new loans greater than 500,000 in all other markets, and a risk-based sample of loans less than 1.0 million. If a loan has deteriorated, Park takes prompt action designed to increase the likelihood that it will be repaid. Upon detection of the reduced ability of a borrower to service interest and/or principal on a loan, Park may downgrade the loan and, under certain circumstances, place the loan on nonaccrual status. Park then works with the borrower to develop a payment schedule which it anticipates will permit service of the principal and interest on the loan by the borrower. Loans which deteriorate and show the inability of a borrower to repay principal are charged down to the net realizable value of collateral. A collection specialist/work-out officer is available to assist when a credit deteriorates. Information about Park s policy for placing loans on nonaccrual status is included under the caption Loans in "Note 1 - Summary of Significant Accounting Policies" of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements found in "ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA" of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Commercial loans are generally viewed as having a higher credit risk than consumer loans because commercial loans typically involve larger loan balances to a single borrower and are more susceptible to a risk of default during an economic downturn. Commercial loans also generally have variable interest rates. Park uses several indices for commercial loans that help determine loan interest rates, but the national prime rate is the most common index used. Credit risk for commercial loans arises from borrowers lacking the ability or willingness to pay principal or interest and, in the case of secured loans, by a shortfall in the collateral value in relation to the outstanding loan balance in the event of a default and subsequent liquidation of collateral. The underwriting of generally all commercial loans, regardless of type, includes cash flow analyses with rates shocked by 400 basis points. In the case of commercial loans secured by accounts receivable, the availability of funds for the repayment of these loans may be substantially dependent on the ability of each borrower to collect amounts due from the borrower's customers. In the case of Park's commercial loans to non-bank consumer finance companies, the underlying cash flows are supported at times by sub-prime individual borrowers and present a higher level of risk compared to a more typical commercial loan to a business. Other collateral securing commercial loans may depreciate over time, may be difficult to appraise and may fluctuate in value based on the success of the borrower s business. Information concerning the loan loss experience and the allocation of the allowance for credit losses related to the commercial, financial and agricultural loan portfolio, the commercial real estate portfolio and the commercial lease portfolio is provided in "Table 30 - Summary of Loan Credit Loss Experience" and "Table 32 - Allocation of Allowance for Credit Losses", respectively, included in "ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS" found in Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Loans to Non-Bank Consumer Finance Companies 
 At December 31, 2022, Park National Bank had 417 million in loans outstanding to non-bank consumer finance companies. This is a national lending unit of Park National Bank. These asset-based loans are collateralized by cash flows from individuals, typically auto loans issued by a consumer finance company that is, in turn, a borrower from Park National Bank. These loans typically present a higher level of risk due to the underlying collateral and such risks are mitigated by more conservative underwriting and an intensive loan monitoring regimen commensurate with asset-based lending. 
 Aircraft Financing 
 
 Scope Aircraft Finance specializes in aircraft financing. The customers of Scope Aircraft Finance include small businesses and entrepreneurs intending to use the aircraft for business or pleasure. The customers of Scope Aircraft Finance are located throughout the United States. The lending officers of Scope Aircraft Finance are experienced in the aircraft financing industry and rely upon such experience and certain industry guides in determining whether to grant an aircraft loan or lease. At 
 -6- 

December 31, 2022, Scope Aircraft Finance had 296 million in loans outstanding, primarily secured by aircraft (which are included in the commercial loan portfolio). 
 Consumer Loans 
 At December 31, 2022, Park's subsidiaries had outstanding consumer loans (including automobile loans) in an aggregate amount of 1,905 million, constituting approximately 26.7 of their aggregate total loan portfolio. Park makes installment credit available to customers and prospective customers in their primary market areas through direct and indirect loans. Indirect loans are facilitated through an automobile and other vehicle dealer; whereas, direct loans are originated through direct customer interaction within Park's regions. For both direct and indirect loans, the final credit decisions are made by Park with the assistance of an automated underwriting platform (system). At December 31, 2022, of the 1,905 million in consumer loans, 1,714 million were originated through indirect lending, while the remaining 191 million were considered direct loans. At December 31, 2022, of the 1,905 million in consumer loans, GFSC had outstanding consumer loans of 274,000 and Park National Bank held the balance. 
 Credit approval for direct and indirect consumer loans requires income sufficient to repay principal and interest due, stability of employment, an established credit record and sufficient collateral for secured loans. It is the policy of Park to adhere strictly to all laws and regulations governing consumer lending. A compliance officer, along with the appropriate line of business leaders, is responsible for monitoring performance and advising and updating loan personnel in this area. Loans are charged off in accordance with Park's policy. Information about Park s policy for placing loans on nonaccrual status and charging off loans is included under the caption Loans in "Note 1 - Summary of Significant Accounting Policies" of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements found in "ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA" of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Consumer loans typically have shorter terms and lower balances with higher yields as compared to real estate mortgage loans, but generally carry higher risks of default. Consumer loan collections are dependent on borrowers' continuing financial stability, and thus are more likely to be affected by adverse personal circumstances. Furthermore, the application of various federal and state laws, including bankruptcy and insolvency laws, may limit the amount that can be recovered on these loans. Information concerning the loan credit loss experience and the allocation of the allowance for credit losses related to the consumer loan portfolio is provided in "Table 30 - Summary of Loan Credit Loss Experience" and "Table 32 - Allocation of Allowance for Credit Losses", respectively, included in "ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS" of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Residential Real Estate and Construction Loans 
 At December 31, 2022, Park's subsidiaries had outstanding approximately 2,122 million in construction real estate loans and residential real estate loans, representing approximately 29.7 of total loans outstanding. Of the 2,122 million, approximately 1,797 million was included within the residential real estate loan segment, which included 550 million of commercial loans secured by residential real estate, 1,076 million of mortgage loans, 167 million of home equity lines of credit and 4 million of installment loans. The remaining 325 million was included within the construction real estate loan segment, which included 209 million of commercial land and development loans and 116 million of 1-4 family residential construction loans. The market area for real estate lending by Park National Bank is concentrated in Ohio, Kentucky, North Carolina and South Carolina. 
 Credit approval for residential real estate loans requires demonstration of sufficient income to repay the principal and interest and the real estate taxes and insurance, stability of employment, an established credit record and a current independent third-party appraisal providing the market value of the real estate securing the loan. Residential real estate loans are generally analyzed through an automated underwriting platform (system) to determine a risk classification. All loans receiving a risk classification of caution require review by a senior lender and generally require additional documentation if the loan is approved. 
 Park National Bank generally requires that the residential real estate loan amount be no more than 80 of the purchase price or the appraised value of the real estate securing the loan, whichever is less, unless private mortgage insurance is obtained by the borrower. Loans in this lending category that are made to be held in Park National Bank's portfolio are both fixed-rate and adjustable-rate, fully amortized mortgages. The rates used are generally fully-indexed rates. From time to time, Park may offer a limited-time promotional rate on funds advanced on newly-originated home equity lines of credit. Park National Bank also originates fixed-rate real estate loans for sale to the secondary market. Park s management may decide to retain certain 15-year, fixed-rate residential mortgage loans, rather than sell in the secondary market. Park's management made a decision to retain certain 15-year, fixed-rate residential mortgage loans in 2022. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, Park reported 550 
 -7- 

million and 573 million, respectively, of 15-year, fixed-rate residential mortgage loans on Park's Consolidated Balance Sheets. Real estate loans are typically secured by first mortgages with evidence of title in favor of the lender in the form of an attorney s opinion of title or a title insurance policy. Park National Bank has also required proof of hazard insurance with the lender named as the mortgagee and as the loss payee. Independent third-party appraisals are generally obtained for consumer real estate loans. 
 Home equity lines of credit are generally secured by second mortgages in favor of Park National Bank. The maximum amount of a home equity line of credit is generally limited to 85 of the appraised value of the property less the balance of the first mortgage. The home equity lines of credit are written with ten-year terms. A variable interest rate is generally charged on the home equity lines of credit. 
 Information concerning the loan credit loss experience and the allocation of the allowance for credit losses related to the residential real estate portfolio is provided in "Table 30 - Summary of Loan Credit Loss Experience" and "Table 32 - Allocation of Allowance for Credit Losses", respectively, included in "ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS" of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Construction loans include commercial construction loans as well as residential construction loans. Construction loans may be in the form of a permanent loan or a short-term construction loan, depending on the needs of the individual borrower. Generally, the permanent construction loans have a variable interest rate although a permanent construction loan may be made with a fixed interest rate for a term generally not exceeding five years. Short-term construction loans are generally made with variable interest rates. Information concerning the loan maturity distribution within the construction financing portfolio is provided in "Table 15 - Loan Maturity Distribution" included in "ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Construction financing is generally considered to involve a higher degree of risk of loss than long-term financing on improved, occupied real estate. Risk of loss on a construction loan depends largely upon the accuracy of the initial estimate of the property s value at completion of construction and the estimated cost (including interest) of construction. If the estimate of construction cost proves to be inaccurate, Park National Bank may be required to advance funds beyond the amount originally committed to permit completion of the project. If the estimate of value proves inaccurate, Park National Bank may be confronted, at or prior to the maturity of the loan, with a project having a value insufficient to assure full repayment, should the borrower default. In the event a default on a construction loan occurs and foreclosure follows, Park National Bank must take control of the project and attempt either to arrange for completion of construction or to dispose of the unfinished project. Additional risk exists with respect to a loan made to a developer who does not have a buyer for the property, as the developer may lack funds to pay the loan if the property is not sold upon completion. Park National Bank attempts to reduce such risks on loans to developers by requiring personal guarantees and reviewing current personal financial statements and tax returns as well as other projects undertaken by the developer. For additional information concerning the loan credit loss experience, please see ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS Economic, Political and Market Risks Changes in economic and political conditions could adversely affect our earnings and capital through declines in deposits, quality of investment securities, loan demand, our borrowers ability to repay loans, and the value of the collateral securing our loans. and Business Operations Risks Our allowance for credit losses may prove to be insufficient to absorb the expected, lifetime losses in our loan portfolio. in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Information concerning the loan credit loss experience and the allocation of the allowance for credit losses related to the construction financing portfolio is provided in "Table 30 - Summary of Loan Credit Loss Experience" and "Table 32 - Allocation of Allowance for Credit Losses", respectively, included in "ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS" of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 SEPH 
 
 SEPH is a non-bank subsidiary of Park that holds OREO property and non-performing loans. In addition to approximately 1.4 million in OREO property, SEPH also held non-performing loans that were fully charged off as of December 31, 2022, all of which were on nonaccrual status. SEPH has one office in Licking County, Ohio. The SEPH employees work with a third-party work-out specialist to ensure effective and efficient resolution to the non-performing loans and OREO, while working closely with the borrowers of the loans to maximize collection efforts. Park expects that the OREO will reduce over time and result in cash inflow to Park. 
 
 Competition 
 
 The financial services industry is highly competitive. Park s subsidiaries compete with other local, regional and national service providers, including banks, savings associations, credit unions and other types of financial institutions and 
 -8- 

finance companies. Other competitors include securities dealers, brokers, mortgage bankers, investment advisors and financial services subsidiaries of commercial and manufacturing companies. Competition for quality customers has intensified as a result of changes in regulations, mergers and acquisitions, advances in technology and product delivery systems, consolidation among financial service providers, bank failures and the conversion of former investment banks to bank holding companies. 
 
 The primary factors in competing for loans are the terms of the loan, interest rates charged and overall services provided to borrowers. The primary factors in competing for deposits are interest rates paid on deposits, account liquidity, convenience and hours of office locations, convenience and availability of mobile banking options, and accessibility to trained and competent staff. Competitors of Park may have greater resources and, as such, additional technology offerings and higher lending limits, which may adversely affect the ability of Park to compete. In addition, certain nonfinancial institutions with which Park competes enjoy the benefits of fewer regulatory constraints, broader geographic service areas, greater capital and lower cost structures. Financial technology companies, or "fintechs," are also providing nontraditional, but increasingly strong competition for our borrowers, depositors and other customers. 
 Associates 
 At December 31, 2022, Park and its subsidiaries had 1,794 active associates, consisting of 1,632 full-time and 162 part-time, resulting in 1,725 full-time equivalent associates. 
 Supervision and Regulation of Park and Park's Subsidiaries 
 Park, Park National Bank and Park s other subsidiaries are subject to extensive regulation by federal and state agencies. The regulation of financial holding companies and their subsidiaries is intended primarily for the protection of consumers, depositors, borrowers, the Deposit Insurance Fund (the "DIF") of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (the "FDIC") and the banking system as a whole and not for the protection of shareholders. Applicable laws and regulations restrict permissible activities and investments and require actions to protect loan, deposit, brokerage, fiduciary and other customers, as well as the DIF. Such laws and regulations may also restrict Park s ability to repurchase its common shares or to receive dividends from Park National Bank and may impose capital adequacy and liquidity requirements. 
 As a financial holding company, Park is subject to regulation by the Federal Reserve Board under the Bank Holding Company Act and to inspection, examination and supervision by the Federal Reserve Board. Park is also subject to the disclosure and regulatory requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act"), and the Exchange Act, as administered by the SEC. Park s common shares are listed on NYSE American under the trading symbol PRK, which subjects Park to the requirements under the applicable sections of the NYSE American Company Guide for listed companies. 
 Park National Bank, as a national banking association, is subject to regulation, supervision and examination primarily by the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency (the "OCC") and secondarily by the FDIC. 
 The Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010, as amended (the "Dodd-Frank Act"), established the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (the "CFPB"), which regulates consumer financial products and services and certain financial services providers. The CFPB is authorized to prevent unfair, deceptive or abusive acts or practices and ensures consistent enforcement of laws so that consumers have access to fair, transparent and competitive markets for consumer financial products and services. Since its establishment, the CFPB has extensively exercised its rulemaking and interpretative authority. 
 
 Guardian Finance, a subsidiary of Park and an Ohio state-chartered consumer finance company, is subject to regulation, supervision and examination by the Ohio Division of Financial Institutions (the "ODFI") and the Federal Reserve Board. 
 
 As a subsidiary of Park, SEPH is also subject to inspection, examination and supervision by the Federal Reserve Board. 
 
 The following information describes selected federal and state statutory and regulatory provisions and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of such provisions. These statutes and regulations are continually under review by the U.S. Congress and state legislatures and federal and state regulatory agencies. A change in statutes, regulations or regulatory policies applicable to Park and Park's subsidiaries could have a material effect on their respective businesses. 
 
 -9- 

Regulation of Financial Holding Companies 
 As a financial holding company, Park s activities are subject to regulation by the Federal Reserve Board. Park is subject to regular examinations by the Federal Reserve Board and is required to file reports and such additional information as the Federal Reserve Board may require. 
 
 The Federal Reserve Board also has enforcement authority over financial holding companies, including, but not limited to, the ability to: 
 assess civil money penalties; 
 
 issue cease and desist or removal orders; and 
 
 require that a financial holding company divest subsidiaries (including a subsidiary bank). 
 
 In general, the Federal Reserve Board may initiate enforcement actions for violations of laws and regulations and unsafe or unsound practices. 
 A financial holding company is required by law and Federal Reserve Board policy to act as a source of financial and managerial strength to each subsidiary bank and to commit resources to support each such subsidiary bank. The Federal Reserve Board may require a financial holding company to contribute additional capital to an undercapitalized subsidiary bank and may disapprove of the payment of dividends to shareholders if the Federal Reserve Board believes the payment of such dividends would be an unsafe or unsound practice. 
 The Bank Holding Company Act requires the prior approval of the Federal Reserve Board in any case where a financial holding company proposes to: 
 acquire direct or indirect ownership or control of more than 5 of the voting shares of any bank that is not already majority-owned by the financial holding company; 
 
 acquire all or substantially all of the assets of another bank or another financial or bank holding company; or 
 
 merge or consolidate with any other financial or bank holding company. 
 
 A qualifying bank holding company may elect to become a financial holding company and thereby affiliate with securities firms and insurance companies and engage in other activities that are financial in nature and not otherwise permissible for a bank holding company, if: (i) the holding company is "well managed" and "well capitalized" and (ii) each of its subsidiary banks (a) is well capitalized under the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation Act of 1991 prompt corrective action provisions, (b) is well managed, and (c) has at least a "satisfactory" rating under the Community Reinvestment Act (the CRA ). Park became a financial holding company in 2014. No regulatory approval is required for a financial holding company to acquire a company, other than a bank or savings association, engaged in activities that are financial in nature or incidental to activities that are financial in nature, as determined by the Federal Reserve Board. 
 
 The Financial Services Modernization Act defines financial in nature to include: 
 
 securities underwriting, dealing and market making; 
 
 sponsoring mutual funds and investment companies; 
 
 insurance underwriting and agency; 
 
 merchant banking; and 
 
 activities that the Federal Reserve Board has determined to be closely related to banking. 
 
 A national bank also may engage, subject to limitations on investment, in activities that are financial in nature, other than insurance underwriting, insurance company portfolio investment, real estate development and real estate investment, through a financial subsidiary of the bank if the bank is well capitalized and well managed and has at least a satisfactory CRA rating. If a financial holding company or a subsidiary bank fails to maintain all requirements for the holding company to 
 -10- 

maintain financial holding company status, material restrictions may be placed on the activities of the holding company and its subsidiaries and on the ability of the holding company to enter into certain transactions and obtain regulatory approvals for new activities and transactions. The holding company could also be required to divest itself of subsidiaries that engage in activities that are not permitted for bank holding companies that are not financial holding companies. If restrictions are imposed on the activities of a financial holding company, the existence of such restrictions may not be made publicly available pursuant to confidentiality regulations of the bank regulatory agencies. 
 
 Each subsidiary bank of a financial holding company is subject to certain restrictions on the maintenance of reserves against deposits, extensions of credit to the financial holding company and its subsidiaries, investments in the stock and other securities of the financial holding company and its subsidiaries and the taking of such stock and securities as collateral for loans to borrowers. Further, a financial holding company and its subsidiaries are prohibited from engaging in certain tying arrangements in connection with any extension of credit, lease or sale of property or furnishing of any services. Various consumer laws and regulations also affect the operations of these subsidiaries. 
 
 In April 2020, the Federal Reserve Board adopted a final rule to revise its regulations related to determinations of whether a company has the ability to exercise a controlling influence over another company for purposes of the Bank Holding Company Act. The final rule expands and codifies the presumptions for use in such determinations. By codifying the presumptions, the final rule provides greater transparency on the types of relationships that the Federal Reserve Board generally views as supporting a facts-and-circumstances determination that one company controls another company. The Federal Reserve Board s final rule applies to questions of control under the Bank Holding Company Act, but does not extend to the Change in Bank Control Act. 
 Economic Growth, Regulatory Relief and Consumer Protection Act 
 On May 25, 2018, the Economic Growth, Regulatory Relief and Consumer Protection Act (the "Regulatory Relief Act") was enacted, which repealed or modified certain provisions of the Dodd-Frank Act and eased restrictions on all but the largest banks (those with consolidated assets in excess of 250 billion). Bank holding companies with consolidated assets of less than 100 billion, including Park, are no longer subject to enhanced prudential standards. The Regulatory Relief Act also relieves bank holding companies and banks with consolidated assets of less than 100 billion, including Park, from certain record-keeping, reporting and disclosure requirements. Certain other regulatory requirements applied only to banks with consolidated assets in excess of 50 billion and so did not apply to Park even before the enactment of the Regulatory Relief Act. 
 
 Transactions with Affiliates, Directors, Executive Officers and Shareholders 
 Sections 23A and 23B of the Federal Reserve Act and Federal Reserve Board Regulation W generally: 
 limit the extent to which a bank or its subsidiaries may engage in covered transactions with any one affiliate to an amount equal to 10.0 of the bank's capital stock and surplus; 
 
 limit the extent to which a bank or its subsidiaries may engage in covered transactions with all affiliates to an amount equal to 20.0 of the bank's capital stock and surplus; and 
 
 require that all such transactions be on terms substantially the same, or at least as favorable to the bank or subsidiary, as those provided to a non-affiliate. 
 
 An affiliate of a bank is any company or entity that controls, is controlled by or is under common control with the bank. The term covered transaction includes the making of loans to the affiliate, the purchase of assets from the affiliate, the issuance of a guarantee on behalf of the affiliate, the purchase of securities issued by the affiliate and other similar types of transactions. 
 
 A bank s authority to extend credit to executive officers, directors and greater than 10.0 shareholders, as well as entities such persons control, is subject to Sections 22(g) and 22(h) of the Federal Reserve Act and Regulation O promulgated thereunder by the Federal Reserve Board. Among other things, these loans must be made on terms (including interest rates charged and collateral required) substantially similar to those offered to unaffiliated individuals or be made as part of a benefit or compensation program on terms widely available to employees and must not involve a greater than normal risk of repayment. In addition, the amount of loans a bank may make to these persons is based, in part, on the bank s capital position, and specified approval procedures must be followed in making loans which exceed specified amounts. 
 
 -11- 

Regulation of Nationally-Chartered Banks 
 As a national banking association, Park National Bank is subject to regulation under the National Bank Act and is periodically examined by the OCC. OCC regulations govern permissible activities, capital requirements, dividend limitations, investments, loans and other matters. Furthermore, Park National Bank is subject, as a member bank, to certain rules and regulations of the Federal Reserve Board, many of which restrict activities and prescribe documentation to protect consumers. Park National Bank is an insured depository institution and a member of the DIF. As a result, it is subject to regulation and deposit insurance assessments by the FDIC. In addition, the establishment of branches by Park National Bank is subject to prior approval of the OCC. The OCC has broad enforcement powers over national banks, including the power to impose fines and other civil and criminal penalties and to appoint a conservator or receiver if any of a number of conditions are met. 
 The CFPB regulates consumer financial products and services provided by Park National Bank through regulations designed to protect consumers. Currently, the OCC is primarily responsible for examining Park National Bank s compliance with the CFPB regulations and federal consumer financial protection laws. However, should Park s total consolidated assets exceed 10.0 billion for four consecutive quarters, the CFPB will become primarily responsible for examining Park National Bank s compliance with such laws and regulations. 
 
 Federal Deposit Insurance 
 
 The FDIC is an independent federal agency which insures the deposits, up to prescribed statutory limits, of federally-insured banks and savings associations and safeguards the safety and soundness of the financial institution industry. The general insurance limit is 250,000 per separately insured depositor. This insurance is backed by the full faith and credit of the U.S. government. 
 As insurer, the FDIC is authorized to conduct examinations of and to require reporting by insured institutions, including Park National Bank, to prohibit any insured institution from engaging in any activity the FDIC determines by regulation or order to pose a threat to the DIF, and to take enforcement actions against insured institutions. The FDIC may terminate insurance of deposits of any insured institution if the FDIC finds that the insured institution has engaged in unsafe or unsound practices, is in an unsafe or unsound condition or has violated any applicable law, regulation, rule, order or condition imposed by the FDIC or any other regulatory agency. 
 
 The FDIC assesses a quarterly deposit insurance premium on each insured institution based on perceived risk characteristics of the insured institution to the DIF, with institutions deemed less risky paying lower rates. Currently, assessments for institutions of less than 10.0 billion of total assets are based on financial measures and supervisory ratings derived from statistical models estimating the probability of failure within three years. The FDIC may increase or decrease the range of assessments uniformly, except that no adjustment can deviate more than two basis points from the base assessment rate without notice and comment rulemaking. The FDIC may also impose special assessments in emergency situations. The premiums fund the DIF. 
 
 The FDIC has established 2.0 as the designated reserve ratio ("DRR"), which is the amount in the DIF as a percentage of all DIF insured deposits. In March 2016, the FDIC adopted final rules designed to meet the statutory minimum DRR of 1.35 by September 30, 2020, the deadline imposed by the Dodd-Frank Act. The Dodd-Frank Act required the FDIC to offset the effect on insured institutions with assets of less than 10.0 billion of the increase in the statutory minimum DRR to 1.35 from the former statutory minimum of 1.15 . Although the FDIC's rules reduced assessment rates on all banks, they imposed a surcharge on banks with assets of 10.0 billion or more to be paid until the DRR reached 1.35 . The DRR reached 1.35 on September 30, 2018. As a result, the previous surcharge imposed on banks with assets of 10.0 billion or more was lifted. In addition, preliminary assessment credits were determined by the FDIC for banks with assets of less than 10 billion for the portion of their assessments that contributed to the increase of the DRR to 1.35 . On June 30, 2019, the DRR reached 1.40 , and the FDIC applied credits for banks with assets of less than 10.0 billion ("small bank credits") beginning September 30, 2019. As of June 30, 2020, the DRR fell below the minimum DRR to 1.30 . As a result, the FDIC adopted a restoration plan requiring the restoration of the DRR to 1.35 within eight years of the plan establishment, by September 30, 2028. The DRR was 1.26 as of September 30, 2022. Since the DRR remained below the statutory minimum, the FDIC adopted a final rule in October 2022 increasing the assessment rate from three basis points to five basis points beginning with the first quarterly assessment period of 2023 (i.e., January 1 through March 31, 2023). The revised rate schedules are intended to increase the likelihood that the DRR reaches the statutory minimum level of 1.35 by September 30, 2028. As of December 31, 2022, the DRR remained below the statutory minimum of 1.35 . 
 
 The FDIC rules further changed the method of determining risk-based assessment rates for established banks with less than 10.0 billion in assets to better ensure that banks taking on greater risks pay more for deposit insurance than banks that take on less risk. In the event Park s total consolidated assets exceed 10.0 billion for four consecutive quarters, Park National Bank will become subject to the FDIC s large bank pricing methodology, which may result in a different, and potentially higher, assessment rate. 
 -12- 

Federal Home Loan Bank 
 
 The Federal Home Loan Banks FHLB provide credit to their members in the form of advances. Park National Bank is a member of the FHLB of Cincinnati. As an FHLB member, Park National Bank must maintain an investment in the capital stock of the FHLB of Cincinnati. 
 Upon the origination or renewal of a loan or advance, each FHLB is required by law to obtain and maintain a security interest in certain types of collateral. Each FHLB is required to establish standards of community investment or service that its members must maintain for continued access to long-term advances from the FHLB. The standards take into account a member s performance under the CRA, and the member s record of lending to first-time home buyers. 
 Regulatory Capital 
 The Federal Reserve Board has adopted risk-based capital guidelines for financial holding companies and other bank holding companies as well as state member banks. The OCC and the FDIC have adopted risk-based capital guidelines for national banks and state non-member banks, respectively. The guidelines provide a systematic analytical framework which makes regulatory capital requirements sensitive to differences in risk profiles among banking organizations, takes off-balance sheet exposures expressly into account in evaluating capital adequacy, and minimizes disincentives to holding liquid, low-risk assets. Capital levels, as measured by these standards, are also used to categorize financial institutions for purposes of certain prompt corrective action regulatory provisions. 
 In July 2013, the U.S. banking regulators issued capital rules applicable to smaller banking organizations which also implement certain of the provisions of the Dodd-Frank Act (the Basel III Capital Rules ). Community banking organizations, including Park and Park National Bank, began transitioning to the new rules on January 1, 2015. The minimum capital requirements became effective on January 1, 2015; whereas, the capital conservation buffer and deductions from common equity capital phased in from January 1, 2016 through January 1, 2019, and most deductions from common equity tier 1 capital phased in from January 1, 2015 through January 1, 2019. 
 
 The Basel III Capital Rules include: (i) a minimum common equity tier 1 capital ratio of 4.5 ; (ii) a minimum tier 1 capital ratio of 6.0 ; (iii) a minimum total capital ratio of 8.0 ; and (iv) a minimum leverage ratio of 4.0 . 
 
 Common equity for the common equity tier 1 capital ratio generally consists of common stock (plus related surplus), retained earnings, accumulated other comprehensive income (unless an institution elects to exclude such income from regulatory capital), and limited amounts of minority interests in the form of common stock, subject to applicable regulatory adjustments and deductions. 
 
 Tier 1 capital generally consists of common equity as defined for the common equity tier 1 capital ratio, plus certain non-cumulative preferred stock and related surplus, cumulative preferred stock and related surplus, trust preferred securities that have been grandfathered (but which are not otherwise permitted), and limited amounts of minority interests in the form of additional tier 1 capital instruments, less certain deductions. 
 
 Tier 2 capital, which can be included in the total capital ratio, generally consists of other preferred stock and subordinated debt meeting certain conditions plus limited amounts of the allowance for credit losses, subject to specified eligibility criteria, less applicable deductions. 
 
 The deductions from common equity tier 1 capital include goodwill and other intangibles, certain deferred tax assets, mortgage-servicing assets above certain levels, gains on sale in connection with a securitization, investments in a banking organization s own capital instruments and investments in the capital of unconsolidated financial institutions (above certain levels). 
 
 Under the guidelines, capital is compared to the relative risk included in the balance sheet. To derive the risk included in the balance sheet, one of several risk weights is applied to different balance sheet and off-balance sheet assets, primarily based on the relative credit risk of the counterparty. The capital amounts and classification are also subject to qualitative judgments by the regulators about components, risk weightings and other factors. 
 
 The Basel III Capital Rules also place restrictions on the payment of capital distributions, including dividends and stock repurchases, and certain discretionary bonus payments to executive officers if the banking organization does not hold a capital conservation buffer of greater than 2.5 composed of common equity tier 1 capital above its minimum risk-based 
 -13- 

capital requirements, or if its eligible retained income is negative in that quarter and its capital conservation buffer ratio was less than 2.5 at the beginning of the quarter. 
 
 In December 2018, the federal banking agencies issued a final rule to address regulatory treatment of credit loss allowances under CECL. The rule revised the federal banking agencies regulatory capital rules to identify which credit loss allowances under the CECL model are eligible for inclusion in regulatory capital and to provide banking organizations the option to phase in over three years the day-one adverse effects on regulatory capital that may result from the adoption of the CECL model. Concurrent with the enactment of the CARES Act, in March 2020, federal banking agencies issued an interim final rule that delayed the estimated impact on regulatory capital resulting from the adoption of CECL. The interim final rule provided banking organizations that implemented CECL prior to the end of 2020 the option to delay for two years the estimated impact of CECL on regulatory capital relative to regulatory capital determined under the prior incurred loss methodology, followed by a three-year transition period to phase out the aggregate amount of capital benefit provided during the initial two-year delay. On August 26, 2020, the federal banking agencies issued a final rule that made certain technical changes to the interim final rule, including expanding the pool of eligible institutions. The changes in the final rule applied only to those banking organizations that elected the CECL transition relief provided for under the rule. Under the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2021, bank holding companies and their affiliates had the option of postponing implementation of CECL until the earlier of (i) the first day of the fiscal year that begins after the date on which the national emergency concerning COVID-19 terminates or (ii) January 1, 2022. Congress provided this reprieve for a variety of reasons, including the fact that COVID-19 had created a volatile, uncertain lending environment that may result in significant credit losses for banks. Park adopted CECL on January 1, 2021. 
 
 In September 2019, consistent with Section 201 of the Regulatory Relief Act, the Federal Reserve Board, along with the other federal bank regulatory agencies, issued a final rule, effective January 1, 2020, that gave community banks, including Park National Bank, the option to calculate a simple leverage ratio to measure capital adequacy, if the community banks met certain requirements. Under the rule, a community bank was eligible to elect the Community Bank Leverage Ratio CBLR framework if it had less than 10.0 billion in total consolidated assets, limited amounts of certain trading assets and liabilities, limited amounts of off-balance sheet exposures and a leverage ratio greater than 9.0 . Pursuant to the CARES Act, on August 26, 2020, the federal banking agencies adopted a final rule, effective on October 1, 2020, that temporarily lowered the CBLR threshold and provided a gradual transition back to the prior level. Specifically, the CBLR threshold was reduced to 8.0 for the remainder of 2020, increased to 8.5 for 2021, and returned to 9.0 on January 1, 2022. Park did not utilize the CBLR in assessing capital adequacy. 
 
 In October 2021, effective in November 2021, the FDIC issued a final rule to incorporate the CBLR rule into the Real Estate Lending Standards. This rule calculates the ratio of loans in excess of the supervisory loan-to-value limits LTV Limits using tier 1 capital plus the appropriate allowance for credit losses in the denominator. This rule was adopted to allow a consistent approach for calculating the ratio of loans in excess of the supervisory LTV Limits at all FDIC supervised institutions, and to avoid any regulatory burden that could arise if an FDIC supervised institution subsequently decides to switch between different capital frameworks. 
 
 The federal banking agencies have established a system of prompt corrective action to resolve certain of the problems of undercapitalized depository institutions. This system is based on five capital level categories for insured depository institutions: well capitalized, adequately capitalized, undercapitalized, significantly undercapitalized, and critically undercapitalized. 
 
 The federal banking agencies may (or in some cases must) take certain supervisory actions depending upon a bank s capital level. For example, the federal banking agencies must appoint a receiver or conservator for a bank within 90 days after the bank becomes critically undercapitalized unless the bank s primary regulator determines, with the concurrence of the FDIC, that other action would better achieve regulatory purposes. Banking operations otherwise may be significantly affected depending on a bank s capital category. For example, a bank that is not well capitalized generally is prohibited from accepting brokered deposits and offering interest rates on deposits higher than the prevailing rate in its market, and the holding company of any undercapitalized depository institution must guarantee, in part, specific aspects of the bank s capital plan for the plan to be acceptable. 
 
 In order to be well-capitalized, a bank must have a common equity tier 1 capital ratio of at least 6.5 , a total risk-based capital of at least 10.0 , a tier 1 risk-based capital ratio of at least 8.0 and a leverage ratio of at least 5.0 , and the bank must not be subject to any written agreement, order, capital directive or prompt corrective action directive to meet and maintain a specific capital level for any capital measure. Park s management believes that Park National Bank meets the ratio requirements to be deemed well-capitalized according to the guidelines described above. See "Note 28 - Capital Ratios" of 
 -14- 

the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements found in "ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA" of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Fiscal and Monetary Policies 
 The business and earnings of Park and Park's subsidiaries are affected significantly by the fiscal policies of the U.S. government and its agencies. Park National Bank is particularly affected by the monetary policies of the Federal Reserve Board, which regulates the supply of money and credit in the U.S. primarily through open market operations in U.S. government securities, changes in the discount rate on bank borrowings, and changes in the reserve requirements against deposits of depository institutions. These policies are used in varying degrees and combinations to directly affect the overall growth and distribution of bank loans, investments and deposits, as well as the interest rates charged on loans and paid on deposits. In light of the changing conditions in the U.S. economy, including with respect to inflation, the money markets and the activities of fiscal and monetary authorities, Park can make no definitive predictions as to future changes in interest rates, credit availability or deposit levels. 
 
 Limits on Dividends and Other Payments 
 There are various legal limitations on the extent to which a subsidiary bank may finance or otherwise supply funds to its parent holding company. Under applicable federal and state laws, a subsidiary bank may not, subject to certain limited exceptions, make loans or extensions of credit to, or investments in the securities of, its parent holding company. A subsidiary bank is also subject to collateral security requirements for any loan or extension of credit permitted by such exceptions. 
 The ability of Park to obtain funds for the payment of dividends and for other cash requirements is largely dependent on the amount of dividends which may be declared by Park National Bank. The Federal Reserve Board also expects Park to serve as a source of strength to Park National Bank, which may require Park to retain capital for further investment in Park National Bank, rather than pay dividends to the Park shareholders. 
 
 Park National Bank may not pay dividends out of its surplus if, after paying these dividends, Park National Bank would fail to satisfy all of the capital adequacy regulations and guidelines established by the OCC, including having a capital conservation buffer that is greater than 2.5 . In addition, Park National Bank must have the approval of the OCC if a dividend in any year would cause the total dividends for that year to exceed the sum of Park National Bank s net income for the current year and the retained net income for the preceding two years, less required transfers to surplus. Payment of dividends by Park National Bank may be restricted at any time at the discretion of its regulatory authorities, if such regulatory authorities deem such dividends to constitute unsafe and/or unsound banking practices or if necessary to maintain adequate capital. These provisions could have the effect of limiting Park s ability to pay dividends on Park's common shares. 
 At December 31, 2022, approximately 121.4 million of the total shareholders equity of Park National Bank was available for payment to Park without the approval of the OCC. See "Note 25 - Dividend Restrictions" of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements found in "ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA" of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 The Federal Reserve Board has also issued a policy statement with regard to the payment of cash dividends by financial holding companies and other bank holding companies. The policy statement provides that, as a matter of prudent banking, a financial holding company or bank holding company should not maintain a rate of cash dividends unless its net income available to common shareholders over the past year has been sufficient to fully fund the dividends, and the prospective rate of earnings retention appears to be consistent with the financial holding company's or bank holding company s capital needs, asset quality, and overall financial condition. Accordingly, a financial holding company or a bank holding company should not pay cash dividends that exceed its net income or that can only be funded in ways that weaken the financial holding company's or bank holding company s financial health, such as by borrowing. In addition, Park may not pay dividends that would cause Park to fail to satisfy the capital adequacy regulations applicable to bank holding companies which qualify as financial holding companies, including having a capital conservation buffer that is greater than 2.5 . 
 
 Park is subject to contractual restrictions on the declaration and payment of dividends under the terms of certain of Park's debt instruments. 
 
 Under the terms of the Indenture governing the 15.5 million of junior subordinated notes issued by Vision to the Vision Trust and the related Guarantee Agreement, Park, as successor to Vision in accordance with the First Supplemental Indenture, is prohibited, subject to limited exceptions, from declaring or paying any dividends or distributions on any shares of its capital stock: (i) if an event of default under the Indenture has occurred and continues; (ii) if Park is in default with respect to 
 -15- 

the payment of any obligations under the Guarantee Agreement; or (iii) during any period in which the payment of interest on the junior subordinated notes by Park (and the payment of cash distributions on the floating rate preferred securities of the Vision Trust) is being deferred. 
 
 Volcker Rule 
 In December 2013, five federal agencies adopted a final regulation implementing the Volcker Rule provision of the Dodd-Frank Act (the "Volcker Rule"). The Volcker Rule placed limits on the trading activity of insured depository institutions and entities affiliated with depository institutions, subject to certain exceptions. Such trading activity included the purchase or sale as principal of a security, derivative, commodity future, option or similar instrument in order to benefit from short-term price movements or to realize short-term profits. The Volcker Rule exempted trading in specified U.S. government, agency, state and/or municipal obligations. The Volcker Rule also excepted (i) trading conducted in certain capacities, including as a broker or other agent, through a deferred compensation or pension plan, as a fiduciary on behalf of customers; (ii) trading to satisfy a debt previously contracted; (iii) trading under certain repurchase and securities lending agreements; and (iv) trading in connection with risk-mitigating hedging activities. In addition, the Volcker Rule prohibited a banking entity from having an ownership interest in, or certain relationships with, a hedge fund or private equity fund, also known as covered funds, subject to a number of exceptions. 
 
 In July 2019, the federal bank regulatory agencies that adopted the Volcker Rule adopted a final rule to exempt certain community banks, including Park National Bank, from such rule consistent with the Regulatory Relief Act. Under the final rule, community banks with 10.0 billion or less in total consolidated assets and total trading assets and liabilities of 5.0 or less of total consolidated assets were excluded from the restrictions of the Volcker Rule. However, in the event Park s total consolidated assets exceed 10.0 billion for four consecutive quarters, Park National Bank will become subject to the Volcker Rule. On June 25, 2020, the federal bank regulatory agencies also finalized a rule modifying the Volcker Rule s prohibition on banking entities investing in or sponsoring covered funds. Such rule permits certain banking entities to offer financial services and engage in other activities that do not raise concerns that the Volcker Rule was originally intended to address. 
 
 To the extent that Park National Bank engages in any of the trading activities or has any ownership interest in or relationship with any of the types of funds regulated by the Volcker Rule, Park National Bank believes that its activities and relationships comply with such rule, as amended. 
 
 Financial Privacy Provisions 
 Federal and state regulations limit the ability of banks and other financial institutions to disclose non-public information about consumers to non-affiliated third parties. These limitations require disclosure of privacy policies to consumers and, in some circumstances, allow consumers to prevent disclosure of certain personal information to a non-affiliated third party. These regulations affect how consumer information is transmitted through diversified financial companies and is conveyed to outside vendors. 
 Park National Bank is also subject to regulatory guidelines establishing standards for safeguarding customer information. These guidelines describe the federal bank regulatory agencies' expectations for the creation, implementation and maintenance of an information security program, which is to include administrative, technical and physical safeguards appropriate to the size and complexity of the institution and the nature and scope of its activities. The standards set forth in the guidelines are intended to ensure the security and confidentiality of customer records and information, protect against any anticipated threats or hazards to the security or integrity of such records and protect against unauthorized access to or use of such records or information that could result in substantial harm or inconvenience to any customer. 
 Cybersecurity 
 In March 2015, federal regulators issued two related statements regarding cybersecurity. One statement indicates that financial institutions should design multiple layers of security controls to establish several lines of defense and to ensure that their risk management processes also address the risk posed by compromised customer credentials, including security measures to reliably authenticate customers accessing internet-based services of the financial institution. The other statement indicates that a financial institution s management is expected to maintain sufficient business continuity planning processes to ensure the rapid recovery, resumption and maintenance of the financial institution s operations after a cybersecurity attack involving destructive malware. A financial institution is also expected to develop appropriate processes to enable recovery of data and business operations and address rebuilding network capabilities and restoring data if the financial institution or its critical service providers fall victim to this type of cybersecurity attack. If Park National Bank fails to observe the regulatory guidance, it could be subject to various regulatory sanctions, including financial penalties. 
 
 -16- 

In February 2018, the SEC published interpretive guidance to assist public companies in preparing disclosures about cybersecurity risks and incidents. These SEC guidelines, and any other regulatory guidance, are in addition to notification and disclosure requirements under state and federal banking law and regulations. 
 
 In November 2021, the OCC, the Federal Reserve Board and the FDIC issued a final rule that became effective in May 2022, requiring banking organizations that experience a computer-security incident to notify certain entities. A computer-security incident occurs when actual or potential harm to the confidentiality, integrity or availability of an information system or the information occurs, or there is a violation or imminent threat of a violation to banking security policies and procedures. The affected bank must notify its respective federal regulator of the computer-security incident as soon as possible and no later than 36 hours after the bank determines a computer-security incident that rises to the level of a notification incident has occurred. These notifications are intended to promote early awareness of threats to banking organizations and will help banks react to those threats before they manifest into larger incidents. This rule also requires bank service providers to notify their bank organization customers of a computer-security incident that has caused, or is reasonably likely to cause, a material service disruption or degradation for four or more hours. 
 
 Furthermore, once final rules are adopted, the Cyber Incident Reporting for Critical Infrastructure Act, enacted in March 2022, will require certain covered entities to report a covered cyber incident to the U.S. Department of Homeland Security s Cybersecurity Infrastructure Security Agency CISA within 72 hours after a covered entity reasonably believes an incident has occurred. Separate reporting to CISA will also be required within 24 hours if a ransom payment is made as a result of a ransomware attack. 
 
 State regulators have also been increasingly active in implementing privacy and cybersecurity standards and regulations. Recently, several states have adopted regulations requiring certain financial institutions to implement cybersecurity programs and providing detailed requirements with respect to these programs, including data encryption requirements. Many states have also recently implemented or modified their data breach notification and data privacy requirements. Park expects this trend of state-level activity in those areas to continue, and continues to monitor developments in the states in which our customers are located. 
 
 In the ordinary course of business, Park relies on electronic communications and information systems to conduct its operations and to store sensitive data. Park employs an in-depth, layered, defensive approach that leverages people, processes, encryption and multi-factor authentication technology to manage and maintain cybersecurity controls. Park employs a variety of preventative and detective tools to monitor, block and provide alerts regarding suspicious activity, as well as to report on any suspected advanced persistent threats. Notwithstanding the strength of Park s defensive measures, the threat from cybersecurity attacks is severe, attacks are sophisticated and increasing in volume, and attackers respond rapidly to changes in defensive measures. While to date, Park has not detected a significant compromise, significant data loss or any material financial losses related to cybersecurity attacks, Park s systems and those of its customers and third-party service providers are under constant threat and it is possible that Park could experience a significant event in the future. Risks and exposures related to cybersecurity attacks are expected to remain high for the foreseeable future due to the rapidly evolving nature and sophistication of these threats, as well as due to the expanding use of internet banking, mobile banking and other technology-based products and services by us and our customers. See ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS for a further discussion of risks related to cybersecurity. 
 
 Anti-Money Laundering and the Patriot Act 
 
 A major focus of governmental policy on financial institutions in recent years has been aimed at combating money laundering and terrorist financing. The Uniting and Strengthening of America by Providing Appropriate Tools Required to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism Act of 2001, as amended (the Patriot Act ), substantially broadened the scope of U.S. anti-money laundering laws and regulations by imposing significant new compliance and due diligence obligations, creating new crimes and penalties and expanding the extra-territorial jurisdiction of the U.S. The Patriot Act gives the U.S. government powers to address terrorist threats through enhanced domestic security measures, expanded surveillance powers, increased information sharing and broadened anti-money laundering requirements. Title III of the Patriot Act encourages information sharing among bank regulatory agencies and law enforcement bodies. Further, certain provisions of Title III impose affirmative obligations on a broad range of financial institutions. Among other requirements, Title III and related regulations require regulated financial institutions to establish a program specifying procedures for obtaining identifying information from customers seeking to open new accounts and establish enhanced due diligence policies, procedures and controls designed to detect and report suspicious activity. Park National Bank has established policies and procedures that Park National Bank believes comply with the requirements of the Patriot Act. 
 The Anti-Money Laundering Act of 2020 (the "AMLA"), which amends the Bank Secrecy Act of 1970 (the "BSA"), was enacted in January 2021. The AMLA is intended to be a comprehensive reform and modernization to U.S. bank secrecy 
 -17- 

and anti-money laundering laws. Among other things, it codifies a risk-based approach to anti-money laundering compliance for financial institutions; requires the development of standards for evaluating technology and internal processes for BSA compliance; and expands enforcement-related and investigation-related authority, including increasing available sanctions for certain BSA violations and instituting BSA whistleblower initiatives and protections. 
 Office of Foreign Assets Control Regulation 
 The U.S. Treasury Department s Office of Foreign Assets Control OFAC administers and enforces economic and trade sanctions against targeted foreign countries and regimes, under authority of various laws, including designated foreign countries, nationals and others. OFAC publishes lists of specially designated targets and countries. Park is responsible for, among other things, blocking accounts of, and transactions with, such targets and countries, prohibiting unlicensed trade and financial transactions with them and reporting blocked transactions after their occurrence. Failure to comply with these sanctions could have serious financial, legal and reputational consequences, including causing applicable bank regulatory authorities not to approve merger or acquisition transactions when regulatory approval is required or to prohibit such transactions even if approval is not required. Regulatory authorities have imposed cease and desist orders and civil money penalties against institutions found to be violating these obligations. 
 Community Reinvestment Act 
 
 The CRA requires Park National Bank's primary federal regulatory agency, the OCC, to assess Park National Bank's record in meeting the credit needs of the communities served by Park National Bank consistent with safe and sound banking practice. Under the CRA, each depository institution is required to help meet the credit needs of its market area by, among other things, providing credit to low-income and moderate-income individuals and communities. Depository institutions are periodically examined for compliance with the CRA and are assigned ratings that must be publically disclosed. The OCC assigns one of four ratings: outstanding, satisfactory, needs to improve or substantial noncompliance. The rating assigned to a financial institution is considered in connection with various applications submitted by the financial institution or its holding company to its banking regulators, including applications to acquire another financial institution or to open or close a branch office. In addition, all subsidiary banks of a financial holding company must maintain a satisfactory or outstanding rating in order for the financial holding company to avoid limitations on its activities. Park National Bank received a rating of "satisfactory" in its latest CRA examination. 
 
 Corporate Governance 
 As mandated by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, as amended, the SEC has adopted rules and regulations governing, among other issues, corporate governance, auditing and accounting, executive compensation and enhanced and timely disclosure of corporate information. NYSE American has also adopted corporate governance rules. The Board of Directors of Park has taken a series of actions to strengthen and improve Park s already strong corporate governance practices in light of the rules of the SEC and NYSE American. The Board of Directors has adopted and annually reviews charters for the Audit Committee, the Compensation Committee, the Executive Committee, the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee (including as Exhibit A thereto, Corporate Governance Guidelines) and the Risk Committee, as well as a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics governing the directors, officers and associates of Park and Park's subsidiaries. 
 Executive and Incentive Compensation 
 The Dodd-Frank Act requires that the federal bank regulatory agencies, including the Federal Reserve Board and the OCC, establish joint regulations or guidelines related to incentive-based compensation. No final rule implementing this provision of the Dodd-Frank Act has, as of the date of the filing of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, been adopted, but a proposed rule was published in 2016 that expanded upon a prior proposed rule published in 2011. The proposed rule is intended to: (i) prohibit incentive-based payment arrangements that the bank regulatory agencies determine could encourage certain financial institutions to take inappropriate risks by providing excessive compensation or that could lead to material financial loss; (ii) require the board of directors of those financial institutions to take certain oversight actions related to incentive-based compensation; and (iii) require those financial institutions to disclose information concerning incentive-based compensation arrangements to the appropriate federal regulator. Although a final rule has not been issued, Park and Park National Bank have undertaken efforts to ensure that their incentive compensation plans do not encourage inappropriate risks, consistent with the principles identified above. 
 
 -18- 

In June 2010, the Federal Reserve Board, the OCC and the FDIC issued comprehensive final guidance on incentive compensation policies intended to ensure that the incentive compensation policies of banking organizations do not undermine the safety and soundness of such organizations by encouraging excessive risk-taking. The guidance, which covers all employees that have the ability to materially affect the risk profile of an organization, either individually or as part of a group, is based upon the key principles that a banking organization's incentive compensation arrangements should (i) provide incentives that do not encourage risk-taking beyond the organization's ability to effectively identify and manage risks, (ii) be compatible with effective internal controls and risk management and (iii) be supported by strong corporate governance, including active and effective oversight by the organization's board of directors. These three principles are incorporated into the proposed joint compensation regulations under the Dodd-Frank Act, described above. 
 
 The Federal Reserve Board and the OCC review, as part of their respective regular, risk-focused examination process, the incentive compensation arrangements of banking organizations, such as Park and Park National Bank, that are not "large, complex banking organizations." These reviews are tailored to each organization based on the scope and complexity of the organization's activities and the prevalence of incentive compensation arrangements. Deficiencies will be incorporated into the organization's supervisory ratings, which can affect the organization's ability to make acquisitions and take other actions. Enforcement actions may be taken against a banking organization if its incentive compensation arrangements, or related risk-management control or governance processes, pose a risk to the organization's safety and soundness and the organization is not taking prompt and effective measures to correct the deficiencies. 
 
 Public company compensation committee members must meet heightened independence requirements and consider the independence of compensation consultants, legal counsel and other advisors to the compensation committee. A compensation committee must have the authority to hire advisors and the public company must fund the reasonable compensation of such advisors. 
 SEC regulations require public companies to provide various disclosures about executive compensation in annual reports and proxy statements and to present to their shareholders a non-binding vote on the approval of executive compensation. 
 
 Public companies will be required, once stock exchanges adopt additional listing requirements under the Dodd-Frank Act and rules adopted by the SEC in October 2022, to adopt and implement "clawback" policies for incentive compensation payments and to disclose the details of the procedures which allow recovery of incentive compensation that was paid on the basis of erroneous financial information necessitating an accounting restatement due to material noncompliance with financial reporting requirements. This clawback policy is intended to apply to compensation paid within the three completed fiscal years immediately preceding the date the issuer is required to prepare a restatement and would cover all executives (including former executives) who received incentive awards. 
 Consumer Protection Laws and Regulations 
 
 Banks are subject to regular examination to ensure compliance with federal consumer protection statutes and regulations, including, but not limited to, the following: 
 
 Equal Credit Opportunity Act (prohibiting discrimination in any credit transaction on the basis of any of various criteria) 
 
 Truth in Lending Act (requiring that credit terms be disclosed in a manner that permits a consumer to understand and compare credit terms more readily and knowledgeably) 
 
 Fair Housing Act (making it unlawful for a lender to discriminate in its housing-related lending activities against any person on the basis of certain criteria) 
 
 Home Mortgage Disclosure Act (requiring financial institutions to collect data that enables regulatory agencies to determine whether financial institutions are serving the housing credit needs of the communities in which they are located) 
 
 Real Estate Settlement Procedures Act (requiring that lenders provide borrowers with disclosures regarding the nature and cost of real estate settlements and prohibits abusive practices that increase borrowers' costs) 
 
 Fair Credit Reporting Act (governing the provision of consume information to credit reporting agencies and the use of consumer information) 
 
 -19- 

Fair Debt Collection Practices Act (governing the manner in which consumer debts may be collected by collection agencies) 
 
 Truth in Savings Act (requiring disclosure of deposit terms to consumers) 
 
 Electronic Funds Transfer Act (governing automatic deposits to and withdrawals from deposit accounts and customers' rights and liabilities arising from the use of ATMs and other electronic banking services) 
 
 The bank regulators also use their authority under the Federal Trade Commission Act to take supervisory or enforcement action with respect to unfair or deceptive acts or practices by banks that may not necessarily fall within the scope of a specific banking or consumer finance law. 
 
 In October 2017, the OCC rescinded its guidance on deposit advance products in light of the CFPB s pending small dollar loan rule related to payday, vehicle title and certain high cost installment loans that was issued in November 2013 (the Small Dollar Rule ). The Small Dollar Rule, however, has been the subject of further regulatory review and a court order staying compliance in connection with a legal challenge. The CFPB issued its final Small Dollar Rule on July 22, 2020, which became fully effective on October 20, 2020. Specifically, the CFPB revoked provisions that: (i) provide that it is an unfair and abusive practice for a lender to make a covered short-term or longer term balloon-payment loan, including payday and vehicle title loans, without reasonably determining that consumers have the ability to repay those loans according to their terms; (ii) prescribe mandatory underwriting requirements for making the ability-to-repay determination; (iii) exempt certain loans from the mandatory underwriting requirements; and (iv) establish related definitions, reporting, and recordkeeping requirements. In August 2021, the court overseeing the litigation challenging the Small Dollar Rule found in the CFPB s favor, and ordered the compliance date to be 286 days after the final judgment. In October 2022, the Fifth Circuit Court of Appeals reversed the lower court s decision and vacated the Small Dollar Rule. In November 2022, the CFPB filed a petition for a writ of certiorari with the U.S. Supreme Court seeking an expedited review of the appellate court decision. 
 
 Separately, in May 2018, the OCC published guidance that encourages national banks and federal savings associations to offer responsible short-term, small-dollar installment loans with terms between two and twelve months and equal amortizing payments. Pursuant to the OCC s guidance on this issue, banks are encouraged to offer these products in a manner that is consistent with sound risk management principles and clear, documented underwriting guidelines. Further, the federal bank regulatory agencies issued interagency guidance on May 20, 2020, to encourage banks, savings associations, and credit unions to offer responsible small-dollar loans to customers for consumer and small business purposes. As of the date of the filing of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, Park National Bank has not decided to offer such products, although this position may change as Park National Bank refines its business plan in the future. 
 
 As a consumer finance company incorporated under Ohio law, Guardian Finance is subject to regulation and supervision by the ODFI. ODFI regulation and supervision are designed to protect consumers and can affect the lending activities of Guardian Finance, including interest rates, loan terms, advertising and record retention. If grounds provided by law exist, the ODFI may suspend or revoke an Ohio consumer finance company s ability to make loans. 
 Legislative and Regulatory Initiatives 
 From time to time, various legislative and regulatory initiatives are introduced in the U.S. Congress and state legislatures, as well as by regulatory agencies. Such initiatives may include proposals to expand or contract the powers of bank holding companies and depository institutions or proposals to substantially change the financial institution regulatory system. Such legislation could change banking statutes and the operating environment of Park and Park National Bank in substantial and unpredictable ways. If enacted, such legislation could increase or decrease the cost of doing business, limit or expand permissible activities or affect the competitive balance among banks, savings associations, credit unions and other financial institutions. Park cannot predict whether any such legislation will be enacted, and, if enacted, the effect that such legislation, or any implementing regulations, would have on the financial condition or results of operations of Park. A change in statutes, regulations or regulatory policies applicable to Park or any of Park's subsidiaries could have a material effect on Park's business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Effect of Environmental Regulation 
 Compliance with federal, state and local provisions regulating the discharge of materials into the environment, or otherwise relating to the protection of the environment, has not had a material effect upon the capital expenditures, earnings or competitive position of Park and Park's subsidiaries. Park believes the nature of the operations of Park's subsidiaries has little, if any, environmental impact. As a result, Park, anticipates no material capital expenditures for environmental control facilities for Park's current fiscal year or for the foreseeable future. 
 -20- 

Park believes its primary exposure to environmental risk is through the lending activities of Park's subsidiaries. In cases where management believes environmental risk potentially exists, Park s subsidiaries mitigate their environmental risk exposures by requiring environmental site assessments at the time of loan origination to confirm collateral quality as to commercial real estate parcels posing higher than normal potential for environmental impact, as determined by reference to present and past uses of the subject property and adjacent sites. In addition, environmental assessments are typically required prior to any foreclosure activity involving non-residential real estate collateral. 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS. 
 
 Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Information 
 Certain statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and the documents incorporated herein by reference that are not statements of historical fact constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 (the "PSLRA"), including, without limitation, the statements specifically identified as forward-looking statements within this Annual Report on Form 10-K. In addition, certain statements in future filings by Park with the SEC, in press releases, and in oral and written statements made by or with the approval of Park which are not statements of historical fact constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the PSLRA. Examples of forward-looking statements include: (i) projections of income or expense, earnings per share, the payment or non-payment of dividends, capital structure and other financial items; (ii) statements of plans and objectives of Park or our management or Board of Directors, including those relating to products or services or to potential or pending acquisitions; (iii) statements of future economic performance; and (iv) statements of assumptions underlying such statements. Words such as believes, anticipates, expects, intends, targeted and other similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements but are not the exclusive means of identifying such statements. The PSLRA provides a safe harbor for forward-looking statements to encourage companies to provide prospective information so long as those statements are identified as forward-looking and are accompanied by meaningful cautionary statements identifying important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those discussed in the forward-looking statements. Park desires to take advantage of the safe harbor provisions of the PSLRA. Forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ materially from those predicted by the forward-looking statements because of various factors and possible events, including those factors and events identified below. There is also the risk that Park s management or Park's Board of Directors incorrectly analyzes these risks and uncertainties or that the strategies Park develops to address such risks and uncertainties are unsuccessful. Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date on which they are made, and, except as may be required by applicable law, Park undertakes no obligation to update any forward-looking statement to reflect events or circumstances after the date on which the statement is made. All subsequent written and oral forward-looking statements attributable to Park or any person acting on Park s behalf are qualified in their entirety by the preceding cautionary statements. 
 Economic, Political and Market Risks 
 
 The economic impact of COVID-19 or any other pandemic could adversely affect our business, financial condition, liquidity, and results of operations. 
 
 COVID-19 has negatively impacted global, national and local economies, disrupted global and national supply chains, lowered equity market valuations, and created significant volatility and disruption in financial markets. The extent to which COVID-19 will continue to impact Park s business, results of operations, and financial condition, as well as Park s regulatory capital and liquidity ratios, will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we hold and service PPP loans. These PPP loans are subject to the provisions of the CARES Act and to complex and evolving rules and guidance issued by the SBA and other government agencies. While a large number of our PPP borrowers have applied for and received full or partial forgiveness of their loan obligations, we still have credit risk on the remaining PPP loans in the event the SBA determines that there is a deficiency in the manner in which we originated, funded or serviced such PPP loans, including any issue with the eligibility of a borrower to receive funding. We could face additional risks in our administrative capabilities to service our PPP loans and to properly determine loan forgiveness. In the event of a loss resulting from a default on a PPP loan and a determination by the SBA that there was a deficiency in the manner in which we originated, funded or serviced the PPP loan, the SBA may deny the SBA's liability under the guaranty, reduce the amount of the guaranty, or, if the SBA has already paid under the guaranty, seek recovery of any loss related to the deficiency. 
 
 -21- 

Changes in economic and political conditions could adversely affect our earnings and capital through declines in deposits, quality of investment securities, loan demand, our borrowers ability to repay loans, and the value of the collateral securing our loans. 
 
 Our success depends, to a certain extent, upon local and national economic and political conditions, as well as governmental fiscal and monetary policies. Conditions such as inflation, recession, unemployment, changes in interest rates, fiscal and monetary policy, an increasing U.S. federal government budget deficit, the failure of the U.S federal government to raise the federal debt ceiling, slowing gross domestic product, tariffs, a U.S. withdrawal from or significant renegotiation of trade agreements, trade wars, and other factors beyond our control may adversely affect our deposit levels and composition, the quality of our assets including investment securities available for purchase and the demand for loans, which, in turn, may adversely affect our earnings and capital. Recent political developments have resulted in substantial changes in economic and political conditions for the U.S. and the remainder of the world. For example, on February 24, 2022, Russian military forces invaded Ukraine, and sustained conflict and disruption in the region have occurred and remain likely to continue. Although the length, impact, and outcome of the ongoing war in Ukraine is highly unpredictable, this conflict has resulted, and could continue to result, in significant market and other disruptions, including significant volatility in commodity prices and supply of energy resources, instability in financial markets, supply chain interruptions, political and social instability, changes in consumer or purchaser preferences, as well as increases in cyberattacks and espionage. The extent and duration of the military action, sanctions and resulting market disruptions could be significant and could potentially have substantial impact on the global economy and Park s business for an unknown period of time. In addition, disruptions in U.S. and global financial markets and changes in oil production in the Middle East affect the economy and stock prices in the U.S., which can affect our earnings and our capital, as well as the ability of our customers to repay loans. Because we have a significant number of real estate loans, decreases in real estate values could adversely affect the value of property used as collateral and our ability to sell the collateral upon foreclosure. Adverse changes in the economy, including those resulting from pandemics, rising inflation, and increases in interest rates, may also have a negative effect on the ability of our borrowers to make timely repayments of their loans, which would have an adverse impact on our earnings and cash flows. 
 
 Changes in interest rates could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 
 Our earnings and cash flows depend substantially on our interest rate spread, which is the difference between: (i) the rates we earn on loans, investment securities and other interest earning assets; and (ii) the interest rates we pay on deposits and our borrowings. These rates are highly sensitive to many factors beyond our control, including general economic conditions and the policies of various governmental and regulatory authorities and, in particular, the Federal Reserve Board. Changes in monetary policy influence the origination of loans, the prepayment speed of loans, the purchase of investments, the generation of deposits and rates of interest received and paid. If market interest rates rise, Park will have competitive pressure to increase the rates that Park pays on deposits, which could result in a decrease of Park's net interest income. If market rates decline, Park could experience fixed-rate loan prepayments and higher investment portfolio cash flows, resulting in a lower yield on earning assets. Park's earnings can also be impacted by the spread between short-term and long-term market interest rates. 
 
 While we have taken measures intended to manage the risks of operating in a changing interest rate environment, there can be no assurance that such measures will be effective in avoiding undue interest rate risk, especially in light of the continued economic effects of sustained inflation. Information pertaining to the impact changes in interest rates could have on our net income is included in "Table 38 - Interest Rate Sensitivity" in "ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS" of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 Changes in the general economic conditions and real estate valuations in our primary market areas could adversely impact results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 
 
 Our lending and deposit gathering activities are concentrated primarily in Ohio, Kentucky, North Carolina and South Carolina. Our success depends on the general economic conditions of our primary market areas, particularly given that a significant portion of our lending relates to real estate located in these regions. Adverse changes in the regional and general economic conditions could reduce our growth rate, impair our ability to collect payments on loans, increase loan delinquencies, increase problem assets and foreclosures, increase claims and lawsuits, increase devaluations recognized within our OREO portfolio, decrease the demand for our products and services and decrease the value of collateral for loans, especially real estate values, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 
 -22- 

The transition away from the London Interbank Offered Rate ("LIBOR") as a reference rate for financial instruments could negatively affect our income and expenses and the value of various financial instruments. 
 
 LIBOR was used extensively in the U.S. and globally as a benchmark for various commercial and financial contracts, including adjustable rate mortgages, corporate debt, interest rate swaps and other derivative financial instruments. LIBOR is set based on interest rate information reported by certain banks, which are set to stop reporting such information after June 30, 2023. In the U.S., the Alternative Reference Rate Committee ARRC has recommended the use of a Secured Overnight Funding Rate SOFR as the set of alternative U.S. dollar reference interest rates. SOFR is different from LIBOR in that it is a backward-looking secured rate rather than a forward-looking unsecured rate. 
 
 These differences could lead to a greater disconnect between our costs to raise funds for SOFR as compared to LIBOR. For cash products and loans, ARRC has also recommended Term SOFR, which is a forward-looking SOFR based on SOFR futures and may in part reduce differences between SOFR and LIBOR. There are operational issues which may create a delay in the transition to SOFR or other substitute indices, leading to uncertainty across the industry. These consequences cannot be entirely predicted and could have an adverse impact on the market value for or value of LIBOR-linked securities, loans, and other financial obligations or extensions of credit. 
 
 Park has limited exposure to LIBOR, with total exposure at December 31, 2022 of approximately 608.4 million, consisting of 76.9 million of loans, 516.5 million of investment securities, and 15.0 million of subordinated notes. We do not believe the change to a benchmark like SOFR will have a material impact on our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. 
 
 Business Operations Risks 
 
 We are exposed to operational risk. 
 
 Similar to any large organization, we are exposed to many types of operational risk, including those discussed in more detail elsewhere in this Item, such as reputational risk, legal and compliance risk, the risk of fraud or theft by employees or outsiders, unauthorized transactions by employees or operational errors, including clerical or record-keeping errors or those resulting from faulty or disabled computer or telecommunications systems. 
 
 We may be subject to disruptions of our operating systems arising from events that are wholly or partially beyond our control, which may include, for example, computer viruses, cybersecurity attacks including cybersecurity attacks on third-party vendors, spikes in transaction volume and/or customer activity, electrical or telecommunications outages, or natural disasters. We could be adversely affected by operating systems disruptions if new or upgraded business management systems are defective, not installed properly or not properly integrated into existing operating systems. Although we have programs in place related to business continuity, disaster recovery and information security to maintain the confidentiality, integrity and availability of our operating systems, business applications and customer information, such disruptions may give rise to interruptions in service to customers, loss of data privacy, and loss or liability to us. 
 
 Any failure or interruption in our operating or information systems, or any security or data breach, could cause reputational damage, jeopardize the confidentiality of customer information, result in a loss of customer business, subject us to regulatory intervention or expose us to civil litigation and financial loss or liability, any of which could have a material adverse effect on us. 
 
 Negative public opinion can result from our actual or alleged conduct in any number of activities, including lending practices, corporate governance and acquisitions, social media and other marketing activities, and the implementation of environmental, social, and governance practices, and from actions taken by governmental regulators and community organizations in response to any of the foregoing. Negative public opinion could adversely affect our ability to attract and keep customers, could expose us to potential litigation or regulatory action, and could have a material adverse effect on the price of our common shares or result in heightened volatility. 
 
 Given the volume of transactions we process, certain errors may be repeated or compounded before they are discovered and successfully rectified. Our necessary dependence upon automated systems to record and process our transaction volume may further increase the risk that technical system flaws or employee tampering or manipulation of those systems will result in losses that are difficult to detect, which may give rise to disruption of service to customers and to financial loss or liability. We are further exposed to the risk that our external vendors may be unable to fulfill their contractual obligations (or will be subject to the same risk of fraud or operational errors by their respective employees as we are) or that our (or our vendors consumer compliance, business continuity, and data security systems will prove to be inadequate. 
 -23- 

Our business could be adversely affected by third-party service providers, data breaches and cyber-attacks. 
 
 We face the risk of operational disruption, failure or capacity constraints due to our dependency on third-party vendors for components of our business infrastructure. While we have selected these third-party vendors through our vendor management process, we do not control their operations. As such, our business and operations could be adversely affected in the event these third-party vendors are unable to perform their various responsibilities and we are unable to timely and cost-effectively identify acceptable substitute providers. 
 
 Regulatory guidance adopted by federal bank regulatory agencies addressing how banks select, engage and manage their third-party relationships could affect the circumstances and conditions under which we work with third-party service providers and the costs of managing such relationships. 
 
 Our assets at risk for cybersecurity attacks include financial assets and non-public information belonging to customers. We use several third-party vendors who have access to our assets via electronic media. Certain cybersecurity risks arise due to this access, including cybersecurity espionage, blackmail, ransom, malware, and theft. We employ many preventive and detective controls to protect our assets, and we provide mandatory recurring information security training to all employees. To date, we have not experienced any material losses relating to cybersecurity attacks or other information security breaches, but there can be no assurance that we will not suffer such attacks or attempted breaches, or incur resulting losses in the future. Our risk and exposure to these matters remains heightened due to, among other factors, the evolving nature of these threats, our plans to continue to implement or expand Internet and mobile banking to meet customer demand, and the current economic and political environment. As cybersecurity and other data security threats continue to evolve, we may be required to expend significant additional resources to continue to modify and enhance our protective measures or to investigate and remediate any security vulnerabilities. 
 
 Failures or material breaches in security of our systems, or those of third-party service providers, may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition and the price of our common shares. 
 
 We collect, process and store sensitive consumer data by utilizing computer systems and telecommunications networks operated by both us and third-party service providers. Our dependence upon automated systems to record and process our transactions poses the risk that technical system flaws, employee errors, tampering or manipulation of those systems, or attacks by third parties will result in losses and may be difficult to detect. We have security and backup and recovery systems in place, as well as a business continuity plan, to ensure the computer systems will not become inoperable, to the extent possible. We also routinely review documentation of such controls and backups related to third-party service providers. Our inability to use or access these information systems at critical points in time could unfavorably impact the timeliness and efficiency of our business operations. In recent years, several banks have experienced denial of service attacks in which individuals or organizations flood the bank's website with extraordinarily high volumes of traffic, with the goal and effect of disrupting the ability of the bank to process transactions. Other businesses have been victims of ransomware attacks in which the business becomes unable to access its own information and is presented with a demand to pay a ransom in order to once again have access to its information. We could be adversely affected if one of our employees or a third-party service provider causes a significant operational break-down or failure, either as a result of human error or where the individual purposefully sabotages or fraudulently manipulates our operations or systems. We may not be able to prevent employee or third-party errors or misconduct, and the precautions we take to detect this type of activity might prove ineffective. We are further exposed to the risk that the third-party service providers may be unable to fulfill their contractual obligations (or will be subject to the same risks that we are). These disruptions may interfere with service to our customers, cause additional regulatory scrutiny and result in a financial loss or liability. We are also at risk of the impact of natural disasters, terrorism and international hostilities on our systems or for the effects of outages or other failures involving power or communications systems operated by others. 
 
 In addition, there have been instances where financial institutions have been victims of fraudulent activity in which criminals pose as customers to initiate wire and automated clearinghouse transactions out of customer accounts. Although we have policies and procedures in place to verify the authenticity of our customers, we cannot assure that such policies and procedures will prevent all fraudulent transfers. 
 
 We have implemented security controls to prevent unauthorized access to our computer systems, and we require that our third-party service providers maintain similar controls. However, Park's management cannot be certain that these measures will be successful. A security breach of the computer systems and loss of confidential information, such as customer account numbers and related information, could result in a loss of customers confidence and, thus, loss of business. We could also lose revenue if competitors gain access to confidential information about our business operations and use it to compete with us. While we maintain specific "cybersecurity" insurance coverage, which would apply in the event of various breach scenarios, the amount of coverage may not be adequate in any particular case. Furthermore, because cybersecurity threat scenarios are 
 -24- 

inherently difficult to predict and can take many forms, some breaches may not be covered under our cybersecurity insurance coverage. 
 
 Further, we may be affected by data breaches at retailers and other third parties who participate in data interchanges with us and our customers that involve the theft of customer credit and debit card data, which may include the theft of our debit card PIN numbers and commercial card information used to make purchases at such retailers and other third parties. Such data breaches could result in us incurring significant expenses to reissue debit cards and cover losses, which could result in a material adverse effect on our results of operations. 
 
 All of the types of cybersecurity incidents discussed above could result in damage to our reputation, loss of customer business, increased costs of incentives to customers or business partners in order to maintain their relationships, litigation, increased regulatory scrutiny and potential enforcement actions, repairs of system damage, increased investments in cybersecurity (such as obtaining additional technology, making organizational changes, deploying additional personnel, training personnel and engaging consultants), increased insurance premiums, and loss of investor confidence and a reduction in the price of our common shares, all of which could result in financial loss and material adverse effects on our results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 We extend credit to a variety of customers based on certain internal standards and the judgment of our loan officers. Our credit standards and on-going process of credit assessment might not protect us from significant credit losses. 
 
 We take credit risk by virtue of making loans and leases, extending loan commitments and letters of credit and, to a lesser degree, purchasing municipal bonds and purchasing collateralized loan obligations. Our exposure to credit risk is managed through the use of consistent underwriting standards that emphasize in-market lending while avoiding highly leveraged transactions as well as excessive industry and other concentrations. Our loans to non-bank consumer finance companies are made nationally and present different risks than our "in-market" lending due to the variability of cash flows that support the asset-based loans. Our credit administration function employs risk management techniques to ensure that loans and leases adhere to corporate policy and problem loans and leases are promptly identified. While these procedures are designed to provide us with the information needed to implement policy adjustments where necessary, and to take proactive corrective actions, there can be no assurance that such measures will be effective in avoiding undue credit risk. 
 
 Our business and financial results are subject to risks associated with the creditworthiness of our customers and counterparties. 
 Credit risk is inherent in the financial services business and results from, among other factors, extending credit to customers, purchasing non-governmental securities, and entering into certain guarantee contracts. Credit risk is one of the most significant risks to our business, particularly given the high percentage of our assets represented directly and indirectly by loans and the importance of lending to our overall business. As discussed in the immediately preceding risk factor, many factors impact credit risk, and we manage this by periodically assessing and monitoring the creditworthiness of our customers and by diversifying our loan portfolio. 
 
 A borrower's ability to repay a loan can be adversely affected by individual factors, such as business performance, job losses or health issues. A weak or deteriorating economy and changes in the U.S. or global markets and changes in interest rates also could adversely impact the ability of our borrowers to repay outstanding loans. Any decrease in our borrowers' ability to repay loans would result in higher levels of nonperforming loans, net charge-offs and provision for credit losses. 
 
 Financial services institutions are interrelated as a result of trading, clearing and other relationships. We have exposure to many different industries and counterparties, and we routinely execute transactions with counterparties in the financial services industry. Many of these transactions expose us to credit risk in the event of default of our counterparty or client. 
 
 Despite maintaining a diversified portfolio, our operations may result in concentrated credit exposure to a particular person, entity, industry or counterparty. Events adversely affecting specific customers, industries, or markets, a decrease in the credit quality of a customer base, or an adverse change in the risk profile of a market, industry, or group of customers could adversely affect our results of operations. 
 
 Our credit risk may be exacerbated when collateral held by us to secure obligations to us cannot be realized upon by us or is liquidated at prices that are not sufficient to recover the full amount of the loan. 
 
 -25- 

Up until 2020, Park's provision for credit losses had declined since the end of the most recent recession, which ended in June 2009, primarily due to improvement in general economic conditions, as well as actions taken by us to better manage our loan portfolio. During 2020, Park experienced elevated provision for credit losses primarily due to the impact of COVID-19. During 2021 and 2022, the provision fluctuated as a result of changes in economic forecasts and other assumptions. If we were to experience higher levels of provision for credit losses, it could result in lower levels of net income. 
 Our expansion into Kentucky, South Carolina and North Carolina may also expose Park to additional geographic risk. 
 Our allowance for credit losses may prove to be insufficient to absorb the expected, lifetime losses in our loan portfolio. 
 
 We maintain an allowance for credit losses that we believe is a reasonable estimate of the expected losses within the CECL model, based on management s quarterly analysis of our loan portfolio. The determination of the allowance for credit losses requires management to make various assumptions and judgments about the collectability of our loan portfolio, including the creditworthiness of our borrowers and the value of real estate and other assets serving as collateral for the repayment of loans. Additional information regarding our allowance for credit losses methodology and the sensitivity of the estimates can be found in the discussion of CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES included in ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 Our estimation of future credit losses is susceptible to changes in economic, operating and other conditions, including changes in regulations and interest rates, which may be beyond our control, and the losses may exceed current estimates. We cannot be assured of the amount of timing of losses, nor whether the allowance for credit losses will be adequate in the future. 
 
 If our assumptions prove to be incorrect, our allowance for credit losses may not be sufficient to cover the expected losses from our loan portfolio, resulting in the need for additions to the allowance for credit losses which could have a material adverse impact on our financial condition and results of operations. In addition, bank regulators periodically review our allowance for credit losses as part of their examination process and may require management to increase the allowance or recognize further loan charge-offs based on judgments different than those of management. 
 
 In June 2016, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update ASU 2016-13 Financial Instruments Credit Losses, which replaced the incurred loss model with the CECL model, an expected loss model. The accounting guidance was to have been adopted by Park as of January 1, 2020. However, Section 4014 of the CARES Act provided financial institutions with optional temporary relief from having to comply with the CECL methodology which would have expired on December 31, 2020, and Section 540 of the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2021 (the "CAA"), further extended the relief period to the earlier of the first day of the fiscal year that begins after the date on which the national emergency concerning COVID-19 terminates or January 1, 2022. Park elected to delay the implementation of CECL following the approval of the CARES Act and the CAA, and adopted CECL as of January 1, 2021. 
 
 The accounting guidance under the CECL model requires banks to record, at the time of origination, credit losses expected throughout the life of financial assets measured at amortized cost, including loan receivables, HTM debt securities and reinsurance receivables, and off-balance sheet credit exposures not accounted for as insurance (loan commitments, standby letters of credit, financial guarantees and other similar instruments) and net investments in leases recognized by a lessor. Under the CECL model, we are required to use historical information, current conditions and reasonable and supportable forecasts to estimate the expected credit losses. If the methodologies and assumptions we use in the CECL model prove to be incorrect, or inadequate, the allowance for credit losses may not be sufficient, resulting in the need for additional provisions for credit losses to be recorded, which could have a material adverse impact on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 The adoption of the CECL model by Park resulted in a net decrease to retained earnings of 8.0 million as of January 1, 2021 for the cumulative effect of adopting ASC 326 and a net recovery of credit losses of 11.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The provision for credit losses for the year ended December 31, 2022 amounted to 4.6 million. As a result of the implementation of the CECL model, the time horizon over which we are required to estimate future credit losses expanded, which could result in increased volatility in future provisions for credit losses. We may also experience a higher or more volatile provision for credit losses due to higher levels of nonperforming loans and net charge-offs if commercial and consumer customers are unable to make scheduled loan payments. 
 We depend upon the accuracy and completeness of information about customers and counterparties. 
 
 In deciding whether to extend credit or enter into other transactions with customers and counterparties, we may rely on information provided to us by customers and counterparties, including financial statements and other financial information. We may also rely on representations of customers and counterparties as to the accuracy and completeness of that information and, 
 -26- 

with respect to financial statements, on reports of independent auditors. For example, in deciding whether to extend credit to a business, we may assume that the customer s audited financial statements conform with U.S. GAAP and present fairly, in all material respects, the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the customer. We may also rely on the audit report covering those financial statements. Our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows could be negatively impacted to the extent that we rely on financial statements that do not comply with U.S. GAAP or on financial statements and other financial information that are materially misleading. 
 
 We may be required to repurchase loans we have sold or to indemnify loan purchasers under the terms of the sale agreements, which could adversely affect our liquidity, results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 When we sell a mortgage loan, we may agree to repurchase or substitute a mortgage loan if we are later found to have breached any representation or warranty we made about the loan or if the borrower is later found to have committed fraud in connection with the origination of the loan. While we have underwriting policies and procedures designed to avoid breaches of representations and warranties we have made and borrower fraud, there can be no assurance that no breach or fraud will ever occur. Required repurchases, substitutions or indemnifications could have an adverse effect on our liquidity, results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 We are subject to environmental liability risk associated with lending activities. 
 
 A significant portion of our loan portfolio is secured by real property. During the ordinary course of business, we foreclose on and take title to properties securing certain loans. In doing so, there is a risk that hazardous or toxic substances could be found on these properties. If hazardous or toxic substances are found, we may be liable for remediation costs, as well as for personal injury and property damage. Environmental laws and evolving regulation may require us to incur substantial expenses and may materially reduce the affected property s value or limit our ability to use or sell the affected property. In addition, future laws and regulations or more stringent interpretations or enforcement policies with respect to existing laws or regulations may increase our exposure to environmental liability. Environmental reviews of real property before initiating foreclosure actions may not be sufficient to detect all potential environmental hazards. The remediation costs and any other financial liabilities associated with an environmental hazard could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Noncompliance with the BSA and other anti-money laundering statutes and regulations could cause us to experience a material financial loss. 
 
 The BSA and the Patriot Act contain anti-money laundering and financial transparency provisions intended to detect and prevent the use of the U.S. financial system for money laundering and terrorist financing activities. The BSA, as amended by the Patriot Act and the AMLA, requires depository institutions and their holding companies to undertake activities including maintaining an anti-money laundering program, verifying the identity of clients, monitoring for and reporting suspicious transactions, reporting on cash transactions exceeding specified thresholds, and responding to requests for information by regulatory authorities and law enforcement agencies. Financial Crimes Enforcement Network (also known as FinCEN), a unit of the U.S. Treasury Department that administers the BSA, is authorized to impose significant civil money penalties for violations of those requirements and has recently engaged in coordinated enforcement efforts with the federal bank regulatory agencies, as well as the U.S. Department of Justice, the U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration, and the U.S. Internal Revenue Service. The AMLA is intended to be a comprehensive reform and modernization to U.S. bank secrecy and anti-money laundering laws. Among other things, it codifies a risk-based approach to anti-money laundering compliance for financial institutions; requires the development of standards for evaluating technology and internal processes for BSA compliance; and expands enforcement-related and investigation-related authority, including increasing available sanctions for certain BSA violations and instituting BSA whistleblower incentives and protections. 
 
 There is also increased scrutiny of compliance with the rules enforced by OFAC. If our policies, procedures and systems are deemed deficient, or if the policies, procedures and systems of the financial institutions that we have already acquired or may acquire in the future are deficient, we may be subject to liability, including fines and regulatory actions such as restrictions on our ability to pay dividends and the necessity to obtain regulatory approvals to proceed with certain planned business activities, including acquisition plans, which could negatively impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. Failure to maintain and implement adequate programs to combat money laundering and terrorist financing could also have serious reputational consequences for us. 
 
 For a more complete discussion of the BSA, the Patriot Act and the AMLA as well as OFAC, see the section captioned "Supervision and Regulation of Park and Park's Subsidiaries" in "ITEM 1. BUSINESS" of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

-27- 

We operate in a highly competitive environment, in terms of the products and services we offer and the geographic markets in which we conduct business, as well as in our labor markets where we compete for talented employees. Competition could adversely impact our customer acquisition, growth and retention, as well as our credit spreads and product pricing, causing us to lose market share and deposits and revenues. 
 
 We are subject to intense competition from various financial institutions as well as from non-bank entities that engage in many similar activities without being subject to bank regulatory supervision and restrictions. This competition is described in " ITEM 1. BUSINESS" of this Annual Report on Form 10-K under the caption "Competition." Competition in our industry could intensify as a result of the increasing consolidation of financial services companies, in connection with current market conditions, or otherwise. Consumers may also move money out of bank deposits in favor of other investments, including digital or cryptocurrency. Customers have increasingly used bill payment services that do not utilize banks, and these trends may result in losses of deposits and fee income. 
 
 The principal bases for competition are pricing (including the interest rates charged on loans or paid on interest bearing deposits), product structure, the range of products and services offered, and the quality of customer service (including convenience and responsiveness to customer needs and concerns). Digital or cryptocurrencies, blockchain, and other fintech technologies are designed to enhance transactional security and have the potential to disrupt the financial industry, change the way banks do business, and reduce the need for banks as financial deposit-keepers and intermediaries. The ability to access and use technology is an increasingly important competitive factor in the financial services industry, and it is a critically important component to customer satisfaction as it affects our ability to deliver the right products and services. 
 
 Another increasingly competitive factor in the financial services industry is the competition to attract and retain talented associates across many of our business and support areas. This competition leads to increased expenses in many business areas and can also cause us to not pursue certain business opportunities. 
 
 A failure to adequately address the competitive pressures we face could make it harder for us to attract and retain customers across our businesses. On the other hand, meeting these competitive pressures could require us to incur significant additional expense, to reevaluate the number of branches through which we serve our customers, or to accept risk beyond what we would otherwise view as desirable under the circumstances. In addition, in our interest rate sensitive businesses, pressures to increase rates on deposits or decrease rates on loans could reduce our net interest margin with a resulting negative impact on our net interest income. 
 
 We may not be able to adapt to technological change. 
 
 The financial services industry is continually undergoing rapid technological change with frequent introductions of new technology-driven products and services. The effective use of technology increases efficiency and enables financial institutions to better serve customers while reducing costs. Our future success depends, in part, upon our ability to address customer needs by using technology to provide products and services that will satisfy customer demands, as well as to create additional efficiencies in our operations. This could include the development, implementation, and adaptation of digital or cryptocurrency, blockchain, and other fintech technology. We may not be able to effectively implement new technology-driven products and services or be successful in marketing these products and services to our customers. Failure to successfully keep pace with technological changes affecting the financial services industry could negatively affect our growth, revenue and net income. 
 
 We may elect or be compelled to seek additional capital in the future, but that capital may not be available when it is needed. 
 We are required by federal and state regulatory authorities to maintain adequate levels of capital to support our operations. Federal bank regulatory agencies have adopted extensive changes to their capital requirements, including raising required amounts and eliminating the inclusion of certain instruments from the calculation of capital. If we experience significant loan losses, additional capital may need to be infused. In addition, we may elect to raise additional capital to support our business or to finance acquisitions, if any, or we may otherwise elect or be required to raise additional capital. Our ability to raise additional capital, if needed, will depend on our financial performance, conditions in the capital markets, economic conditions and a number of other factors, many of which are outside our control. Accordingly, there can be no assurance that we will be able to raise additional capital if needed or that the terms of available capital will be acceptable to us. If we cannot raise additional capital when needed, it may have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 
 -28- 

In addition, prior debt offerings could potentially have important consequences to us and our debt and equity investors, including: 
 
 requiring a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations to make interest payments; 
 making it more difficult to satisfy debt service and other obligations; 
 increasing the risk of a future credit ratings downgrade of our debt, which could increase future debt costs and limit the future availability of debt financing; 
 increasing our vulnerability to general adverse economic and industry conditions; 
 reducing the cash flow available to fund capital expenditures and other corporate purposes and to grow our business; 
 limiting our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and the industry; 
 placing us at a competitive disadvantage relative to our competitors that may not be as highly leveraged with debt; and 
 limiting our ability to borrow additional funds as needed or take advantage of business opportunities as they arise, pay cash dividends or repurchase securities. 
 
 We continue to evaluate these risks on an ongoing basis. 
 
 Our ability to pay dividends on our common shares is limited. 
 
 Although we have paid a dividend on our common shares every quarter since becoming a public company, our Board of Directors reviews the dividend on a quarterly basis and establishes the dividend rate based on our financial condition, results of operations, capital and other regulatory requirements, and other factors that our Board of Directors deems relevant. As a financial holding company, we are a legal entity separate and distinct from our subsidiaries and affiliates. Our principal source of funds to pay dividends on our common shares and service our debt is dividends from our subsidiaries. In the event our subsidiaries become unable to pay dividends to us, we may not be able to service our debt, pay our other obligations or pay dividends on our common shares. Accordingly, our inability to receive dividends from our subsidiaries could also have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Various federal and state statutory provisions and regulations limit the amount of dividends that Park National Bank and our other subsidiaries may pay to us without regulatory approval. In addition, the Federal Reserve Board and the OCC have issued policy statements that provide that insured banks as well as financial holding companies and other bank holding companies should generally only pay dividends out of current operating earnings. Thus, the ability of Park National Bank to pay dividends in the future is currently influenced, and could be further influenced, by bank regulatory policies and capital guidelines and may restrict our ability to declare and pay dividends to our shareholders. 
 
 Payment of dividends could also be subject to regulatory limitations if Park National Bank were to become undercapitalized for purposes of the applicable prompt corrective action regulations. Throughout 2022 and 2023 to date, Park National Bank has been in compliance with all regulatory capital requirements and had sufficient capital under the prompt corrective action regulations to be deemed well-capitalized. There are also restrictions on the ability of Park National Bank to pay dividends if it does not hold the applicable capital conservation buffer. 
 
 If any of our subsidiaries becomes insolvent, the direct creditors of that subsidiary will have a prior claim on that subsidiary s assets. Our rights and the rights of our creditors will be subject to that prior claim, unless we are also a direct creditor of that subsidiary. 
 
 Derivative transactions may expose us to unexpected risk and potential losses. 
 
 We are party to a number of derivative transactions. Many of these derivative instruments are individually negotiated and non-standardized, which can make exiting, transferring or settling the position difficult. We carry borrowings which contain embedded derivatives. These borrowing arrangements require that we deliver underlying securities to the counterparty as collateral. We are dependent on the creditworthiness of the counterparties and are therefore susceptible to credit and operational risk in these situations. 
 
 Derivative instruments and other transactions entered into with third parties are not always confirmed by the counterparties on a timely basis. While the transaction remains unconfirmed, we are subject to heightened credit and operational risk and, in the event of a default, we may find it more difficult to enforce the underlying derivative instrument. In addition, as new and more complex derivative products are created, covering a wider array of underlying credit and other instruments, disputes about the terms of the underlying derivative instruments could arise, which could impair our ability to effectively manage our risk exposures from these products and subject us to increased costs. Any regulatory effort to create an exchange or trading platform for credit derivatives and other over-the-counter derivative instruments, or a market shift toward standardized 
 -29- 

derivative instruments, could reduce the risk associated with such transactions, but under certain circumstances could also limit our ability to develop derivative instruments that best suit our needs and those of our clients and adversely affect our profitability. 
 
 Legislative, Regulatory and Accounting Change Risks 
 
 Legislative or regulatory changes or actions could adversely impact us or the businesses in which we are engaged. 
 
 The financial services industry is extensively regulated. We are subject to extensive state and federal regulation, supervision and legislation that govern almost all aspects of our operations. Laws and regulations may change from time to time and are primarily intended for the protection of consumers, depositors, borrowers, the DIF and the banking system as a whole, and not to benefit our shareholders. Regulations affecting banks and financial services businesses are undergoing continuous change and management cannot predict the effect of these changes. While such changes are generally intended to lessen the regulatory burden on financial institutions, the impact of any changes to laws and regulations or other actions by regulatory agencies may negatively impact us or our ability to increase the value of our business. Regulatory authorities have extensive discretion in connection with their supervisory and enforcement activities, including the imposition of restrictions on the operation of a financial institution, the classification of assets held by a financial institution, the adequacy of a financial institution s allowance for credit losses and the ability to complete acquisitions. Additionally, actions by regulatory agencies against us could cause us to devote significant time and resources to defending our business and may lead to penalties that materially affect us and our shareholders. Even the reduction of regulatory restrictions could have an adverse effect on us and our shareholders if such lessening of restrictions increases competition within our industry or our market area. 
 
 In light of conditions in the global financial markets and the global economy that occurred in the last fifteen years, regulators have increased their focus on the regulation of the financial services industry. Most recently, the U.S. Congress and the federal agencies regulating the financial services industry have acted on an unprecedented scale in responding to the stresses experienced in the global financial markets. Some of the laws enacted by the U.S. Congress and regulations promulgated by federal bank regulatory agencies subject us, and other financial institutions to which such laws and regulations apply, to additional restrictions, oversight and costs that may have an impact on our business, results of operations or the trading price of our common shares. In addition to laws, regulations and supervisory and enforcement actions directed at the operations of financial institutions, proposals to reform the housing finance market consider significant changes to Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac, which could negatively affect our sales of loans. 
 
 Increasing scrutiny and evolving expectations from customers, regulators, investors, and other stakeholders with respect to our environmental, social and governance practices may impose additional costs on us or expose us to new or additional risks. 
 
 Financial institutions are facing increasing scrutiny from customers, regulators, investors, and other stakeholders related to their environmental, social and governance ("ESG") practices and disclosure. Investor advocacy groups, investment funds and influential investors are also increasingly focused on these practices, especially as they relate to the environment, health and safety, diversity, labor conditions and human rights. Increased ESG-related compliance costs for us as well as among our third-party suppliers, vendors and various other parties within our supply chain could result in increases to our overall operational costs. Failure to adapt to or comply with regulatory requirements or investor or stakeholder expectations and standards could negatively impact our reputation, ability to do business with certain partners, access to capital, and the price of our Common Shares. 
 
 Deposit insurance premiums assessed on Park National Bank may increase and have a negative effect on Park s results of operations. 
 
 We have limited ability to control the amount of premiums we are required to pay for FDIC insurance. The DIF is funded by fees assessed on insured depository institutions. If the costs of future bank failures increase, deposit insurance premiums may also increase. The FDIC has adopted rules revising the FDIC's assessments in a manner benefiting banks with assets totaling less than 10 billion. There can be no assurance, however, that assessments will not be changed in the future. Federal deposit insurance is described in more detail in the section captioned "Supervision and Regulation of Park and Park's Subsidiaries Federal Deposit Insurance" in "ITEM 1. BUSINESS" of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 -30- 

Changes in accounting standards, policies, estimates or procedures could impact our reported financial condition or results of operations. 
 
 The entities responsible for setting accounting standards, including the FASB, the SEC and other regulatory bodies, periodically change the financial accounting and reporting guidance that governs the preparation of our consolidated financial statements. Changes in accounting standards can be hard to predict and could materially impact how we record and report our financial condition and results of operations. In some cases, we could be required to apply new or revised guidance retroactively, resulting in the restatement of prior period financial statements. The preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make significant estimates that affect the financial statements. Due to the inherent nature of these estimates, actual results may vary materially from management s estimates. 
 
 Additional information regarding Park s critical accounting policies and the sensitivity of estimates can be found in our discussion of CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES in "ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS" of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 Our accounting estimates and risk management processes rely on analytical and forecasting models. 
 
 The processes we use to estimate our credit losses and to measure the fair value of financial instruments, as well as the processes used to estimate the effects of changing interest rates and other market measures on our financial condition and results of operations, depends upon the use of analytical and, in some cases, forecasting models. These models reflect assumptions that may not be accurate, particularly in times of market stress or other unforeseen circumstances. Even if these assumptions are adequate, the models may prove to be inadequate or inaccurate because of other flaws in their design or their implementation. If the models we use for interest rate risk and asset-liability management are inadequate, we may incur increased or unexpected losses upon changes in market interest rates or other market measures. If the model we use for determining our expected credit losses is inadequate, the allowance for credit losses may not be sufficient to support charge-offs. If the models we use to measure the fair value of financial instruments are inadequate, the fair value of such financial instruments may fluctuate unexpectedly or may not accurately reflect what we could realize upon sale or settlement of such financial instruments. Any such failure in our analytical or forecasting models could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Strategic Risks 
 
 Future expansion may adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations as well as dilute the interests of our shareholders and negatively affect the price of our common shares. 
 
 We may acquire other financial institutions, or branches or assets of other financial institutions, in the future. We may also open new branches and enter into new lines of business or offer new products or services. Any such expansion of our business will involve a number of expenses and risks, which may include: 
 
 the time and expense associated with identifying and evaluating potential expansions; 
 the potential inaccuracy of estimates and judgments used to evaluate credit, operations, management and market risk with respect to target financial institutions; 
 potential exposure to unknown or contingent liabilities of the target financial institution; 
 exposure to potential asset quality issues of the target financial institution; 
 the time and costs of evaluating new markets, hiring local management and opening new offices, and the delay between commencing these activities and the generation of profits from the expansion; 
 our financing of the expansion; 
 the diversion of management s attention to the negotiation of a transaction and the integration of the operations and personnel of the combining businesses; 
 risks associated with entry into unfamiliar markets; 
 the introduction of new products and services into our existing business; 
 the incurrence and possible impairment of goodwill associated with an acquisition and possible adverse short-term effects on our results of operations; 
 the risk of loss of key employees and customers; 
 the risk associated with differing company cultures; and 
 difficulty in receiving appropriate regulatory approval for any proposed transaction. 
 
 We may incur substantial costs to expand, and such expansion may not result in the levels of profits we expect. Integration efforts for any future acquisitions may not be successful. We may issue equity securities in connection with acquisitions, which could dilute the economic and voting interests of our existing shareholders. 
 -31- 

Any merger or acquisition opportunity that we decide to pursue will ultimately be subject to regulatory approval or other closing conditions. We may expend substantial time and resources pursing potential acquisitions which may not be consummated because regulatory approval or other closing conditions are not satisfied. 
 
 Changes in retail distribution strategies and consumer behavior may adversely impact our investments in our financial service office premises and equipment and other assets and may lead to increased expenditures to change our retail distribution channel. 
 
 We have significant investments in financial service office premises and equipment for our financial service office network, including 96 financial service offices as well as our retail work force and other financial service office banking assets. Advances in technology such as e-commerce, telephone, internet and mobile banking, and in-branch self-service technologies including automatic teller machines and other equipment, as well as changing customer preferences for these other methods of accessing our products and services, could affect the value of our financial service office network or other retail distribution assets and may cause us to change our retail distribution strategy, close and/or sell certain financial service offices and restructure or reduce our remaining financial service offices and work force. Further advances in technology and/or changes in customer preferences including those related to social media, digital or cryptocurrency, blockchain, and other fintech technologies could result in additional changes in our retail distribution strategy and/or financial service office network. These actions could lead to losses on these assets or could adversely impact the carrying value of other long-lived assets and may lead to increased expenditures to renovate and reconfigure remaining financial service offices or to otherwise reform our retail distribution channel. 
 
 General Risk Factors 
 
 If our total consolidated assets exceed 10.0 billion, we will become subject to additional regulations 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, Park had total consolidated assets of 9.9 billion. However, should our total consolidated assets exceed 10.0 billion, Park and Park National Bank will become subject to heightened regulatory requirements stemming largely from the Dodd-Frank Act. These requirements include, but are not limited to, the following: (i) supervision, examination and enforcement by the CFPB with respect to federal consumer financial protection laws; (ii) a modified methodology and scorecard for calculating FDIC insurance assessments and, depending on the result of Park National Bank s performance under the scorecard, potentially higher assessment rates; (iii) limitations on interchange transaction fees for debit card transactions; (iv) heightened compliance standards under the Volcker Rule; (v) enhanced supervision by the OCC and the Federal Reserve Board; and (vi) no longer being eligible to elect to be subject to the CBLR. The imposition of these regulatory requirements and increased supervision, should the 10.0 billion threshold be crossed, may require the additional commitment of financial resources to regulatory compliance and may increase Park National Bank s cost of operations and provide greater limitations on the products and services that can be offered. 
 
 Compliance with these additional ongoing requirements may necessitate additional personnel, the design and implementation of additional internal controls, or the incurrence of other significant expenses, any of which could have a significant adverse effect on our business, financial condition, or results of operations. Our regulators may also consider our preparation for compliance with these regulatory requirements in the course of examining our operations generally or when considering any request from us or Park National Bank. 
 
 We may be a defendant from time to time in a variety of litigation and other actions, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 
 We may be involved from time to time in a variety of litigation arising out of our business. The risk of litigation increases in times of increased troubled loan collection activity. Our insurance may not cover all claims that may be asserted against us, and any claims asserted against us, regardless of merit or eventual outcome, may harm our reputation. Should the ultimate judgments or settlements in any litigation exceed our insurance coverage, they could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. In addition, we may not be able to obtain appropriate types or levels of insurance in the future or obtain adequate replacement policies with acceptable terms. 
 
 A default by another larger financial institution could adversely affect financial markets generally. 
 Many financial institutions and their related operations are closely intertwined, and the soundness of such financial institutions may, to some degree, be interdependent. As a result, concerns about, or a default or threatened default by, one financial institution could lead to significant market-wide liquidity and credit problems and/or losses or defaults by other financial institutions. This systemic risk may adversely affect our business. 
 
 -32- 

We are at risk of increased losses from fraud. 
 
 Criminals are committing fraud at an increasing rate and are using more sophisticated techniques. In some cases, these individuals are part of larger criminal rings, which allow them to be more effective. Such fraudulent activity has taken many forms, ranging from wire fraud, debit card fraud, check fraud, mechanical devices attached to ATM machines, social engineering and phishing attacks to obtain personal information, or impersonation of clients through the use of falsified or stolen credentials. Additionally, an individual or business entity may properly identify itself, yet seek to establish a business relationship for the purpose of perpetrating fraud. An emerging type of fraud even involves the creation of synthetic identification in which fraudsters "create" individuals for the purpose of perpetrating fraud. In addition to fraud committed directly against us, we may suffer losses as a result of fraudulent activity committed against third parties. Increased deployment of technologies, such as chip card technology, defray and reduce certain aspects of fraud; however, criminals are turning to other sources to steal personally identifiable information, such as unaffiliated healthcare providers and government entities, in order to impersonate consumers and thereby commit fraud. 
 
 Changes in tax laws could adversely affect our performance. 
 
 We are subject to extensive federal, state and local taxes, including income, excise, sales/use, payroll, franchise, withholding and ad valorem taxes. Changes to our taxes could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, fair values of net deferred tax assets and obligations of states and political subdivisions held in our investment securities portfolio. In addition, our customers are subject to a wide variety of federal, state and local taxes. Changes in taxes paid by our customers may adversely affect their ability to purchase homes or consumer products, which could adversely affect their demand for our loans and deposit products. In addition, such negative effects on our customers could result in defaults on the loans we have made and decrease the value of mortgage-backed securities in which we have invested. 
 
 Adverse changes in the financial markets may adversely impact our results of operations. 
 
 While we generally invest in securities issued by U.S. government agencies and sponsored entities and domestic state and local governments with limited credit risk, certain investment securities we hold possess higher credit risk since they represent beneficial interests in structured investments collateralized by residential mortgages, debt obligations and other similar asset-backed assets. Even securities issued by U.S. governmental agencies and sponsored entities may entail risk depending on political and economic changes. Regardless of the level of credit risk, all investment securities are subject to changes in market value due to changing interest rates, implied credit spreads and credit ratings. 
 
 Park National Bank will become subject to additional requirements and restrictions imposed by the U.S. Department of Justice (the DOJ if the proposed DOJ Consent Order is approved by the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of Ohio, Western Division. 
 
 On February 28, 2023, Park National Bank reached an agreement with the DOJ to increase the efforts of Park National Bank to promote home lending in the Columbus, Ohio market. The agreement, which is reflected in the proposed consent order filed on February 28, 2023, in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of Ohio, Western Division (the DOJ Consent Order ), serves to voluntarily resolve all claims of the U.S. alleging that Park National Bank s mortgage lending practices within the Columbus, Ohio Metropolitan Statistical Area violated the Fair Housing Act and the Equal Credit Opportunity Act. 
 
 In accordance with the terms of the DOJ Consent Order, Park National Bank will invest a minimum of 7.75 million over five years in a loan subsidy fund to increase credit opportunities for home mortgage loans, home improvement loans, home refinance loans and home equity loans and lines of credit for consumers applying for loans in majority-minority census tracts ("MMCTs") in Fairfield, Franklin, Hocking, Licking, Morrow and Perry counties in Ohio (the Columbus Lending Area ). Park National Bank will also devote a minimum of 500,000 over five years toward one or more community development partnership programs that provide services to residents of MMCTs in the Columbus Lending Area related to credit, financial education, homeownership and foreclosure prevention; and at least 750,000 over five years toward advertising, community outreach, consumer financial education and credit counseling in the Columbus Lending Area. Park National Bank will also establish one new mortgage loan production office and one new full-service branch in MMCTs in the Columbus Lending Area and hire four lenders, one of whom will be Spanish-speaking, focused on serving these communities. In addition, Park National Bank will continue to maintain, throughout the term of the DOJ Consent Order, Park National Bank s full-time Director of Community Home Lending and Development position, who will oversee Park National Bank s lending in MMCTs in the Columbus Lending Area. 
 
 -33- 

The DOJ Consent Order must be approved by the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of Ohio, Western Division, and once approved and entered by that Court, the DOJ Consent Order will resolve all claims by the U.S. against Park National Bank. 
 
 Park is committed to investing at least 9.0 million over five years and will record the related expenses incurred in the 
 period in which the associated activities occur. 
 
 Although Park and Park National Bank are committed to full compliance with the DOJ Consent Order, achieving such compliance will require significant management attention from Park and may cause Park to incur unanticipated costs and expenses. Actions taken to achieve compliance with the DOJ Consent Order may affect Park s financial performance and may require us to reallocate resources away from existing businesses or to undertake significant changes to our businesses, operations, products and services, and risk management practices. In addition, Park and Park National Bank could be subject to other enforcement actions relating to the alleged violations resolved by the DOJ Consent Order. 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS. 
 
 No response required. 

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES. 
 
 Park s principal executive offices are located at 50 North Third Street, Newark, Ohio 43055. 
 Park National Bank 
 As of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, Park National Bank and its subsidiary Scope Leasing, Inc. had a total of 96 financial service offices in Ohio, Kentucky, North Carolina and South Carolina. Park National Bank has three financial service offices (including its main office) and three operations centers in Newark in Licking County, Ohio. We operate a total of 86 financial service offices in Ohio, one financial service office in Kentucky, four financial service offices in North Carolina and five financial service offices in South Carolina. Of the financial service offices described above, 16 are leased and the remainder are owned. Park National Bank also operates 28 off-site automated teller machines. 
 
 Scope Leasing, Inc. has an office located in Columbus in Franklin County, Ohio, which it leases. 
 Guardian Finance 
 As of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, Guardian Finance had one administrative office in Newark in Licking County, Ohio, which it leases from Park National Bank. 
 SE Property Holdings, LLC 
 SEPH has one administrative office located in Newark in Licking County, Ohio, which it leases from Park National Bank. 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS. 
 
 We are routinely engaged in various litigation and other legal matters. These include defending against claims of improper loan, deposit account, and other banking practices, as well as trust and investment, intellectual property, contract, and other legal matters, and we have a number of unresolved lawsuits and open matters pending resolution. In addition, we are parties to litigation involving the collection of delinquent accounts, challenges to security interests in collateral, foreclosure lawsuits, and similar matters which are part of, or incidental to, our ordinary course of business. While the ultimate liability with respect to these matters and claims cannot be determined at this time, we believe that losses, damages, or liabilities, if any, and other amounts relating to pending matters are not likely to be material to our consolidated financial position or results of operations. Reserves are established for these various litigation and other legal matters, when appropriate under FASB ASC Topic 450, Contingencies, based in part upon the advice of legal counsel. 
 
 ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES. 
 
 Not applicable. 

-34- 

PART II 

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED SHAREHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES. 
 
 Park's common shares (symbol: PRK) are traded on NYSE American. At December 31, 2022, Park had 3,333 shareholders of record. Park currently intends to continue to pay quarterly cash dividends comparable to the regular quarterly cash dividends paid during the year ended December 31, 2022, subject to the regulatory restrictions described in "Note 25 - Dividend Restrictions" of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in "ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA," as well as in the section captioned "Supervision and Regulation of Park and Park's Subsidiaries Limits on Dividends and Other Payments" in "ITEM 1. BUSINESS" of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 Performance Graph 
 
 The following graph compares the cumulative total shareholder return performance for Park's common shares with the NYSE Composite Index, the KBW NASDAQ Bank Index, and the S P U.S. SmallCap Banks Index for the five-year period from December 31, 2017 to December 31, 2022. The NYSE Composite Index is a market capitalization-weighted index of the stocks listed on NYSE. The KBW NASDAQ Bank Index is comprised of 24 banking stocks representing the large U.S. national money centers, regional banks and thrift institutions and focuses specifically on banking and de-emphasizes components that would be heavily insurance-related or investment-oriented. The S P U.S. SmallCap Banks Index is a market capitalization-weighted index comprised of common stocks of U.S. financial services companies that are principally engaged in the business of providing services and products, including banking, investment services, insurance and real estate finance services. 
 
 Park believes that the KBW NASDAQ Bank Index and the S P U.S. SmallCap Banks Index are the appropriate industry indices for Park to use for the five-year total shareholder return performance comparison given the nature of the services provided by the financial services companies included in each. 

-35- 

Total Return Performance Period Ended Index 12/31/17 12/31/18 12/31/19 12/31/20 12/31/21 12/31/22 Park National Corporation 100.00 84.93 106.94 115.08 156.00 165.56 NYSE Composite Index 100.00 91.05 114.28 122.26 147.54 133.75 KBW NASDAQ Bank Index 100.00 82.29 112.01 100.46 138.97 109.23 S P U.S. SmallCap Banks Index 100.00 83.44 104.69 95.08 132.36 116.69 
 
 The annual compound total return on Park s common shares for the past five years was a positive 10.6 . By comparison, the annual compound total returns for the past five years on the NYSE Composite Index, the KBW NASDAQ Bank Index, and the S P U.S. SmallCap Banks Index were a positive 6.0 , a positive 1.8 and a positive 3.1 , respectively. 
 
 Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 The following table provides information regarding purchases of Park's common shares made by or on behalf of Park or any "affiliated purchaser" as defined in Rule 10b-18(a)(3) under the Exchange Act during the fiscal quarter ended December 31, 2022, as well as the maximum number of common shares that may be purchased under Park s previously announced stock repurchase authorizations to fund the 2017 Long-Term Incentive Plan for Employees (the "2017 Employees LTIP") and the 2017 Long-Term Incentive Plan for Non-Employee Directors (the "2017 Non-Employee Directors LTIP") and Park's previously announced 2017 and 2019 stock repurchase authorizations: 
 
 Period Total Number of Common Shares Purchased Average Price Paid per Common Share Total Number of Common Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs Maximum Number of Common Shares that May Yet Be Purchased under the Plans or Programs (1) October 1 through October 31, 2022 1,195,088 November 1 through November 30, 2022 1,195,088 December 1 through December 31, 2022 1,195,088 Total 1,195,088 
 
 (1) The number shown represents, as of the end of each period, the maximum number of common shares that may yet be purchased as part of Park s publicly announced stock repurchase authorizations to fund the 2017 Employees LTIP and the 2017 Non-Employee Directors LTIP, both of which became effective on April 24, 2017; Park's publicly announced stock repurchase authorization covering 500,000 common shares which was announced on January 23, 2017; and Park's stock repurchase authorization covering 500,000 common shares which was announced on January 28, 2019 and as to which approval from the Federal Reserve was obtained in the form of correspondence from the Federal Reserve Bank of Cleveland dated April 19, 2019. 
 
 At the 2017 Annual Meeting of Shareholders held on April 24, 2017, Park's shareholders approved the 2017 Employees LTIP and the 2017 Non-Employee Directors LTIP. The common shares to be issued and delivered under the 2017 Employees LTIP and the 2017 Non-Employee Directors LTIP may consist of either common shares currently held or common shares subsequently acquired by Park as treasury shares. No newly-issued common shares will be delivered under the 2017 Employees LTIP or the 2017 Non-Employee Directors LTIP. On April 24, 2017, Park's Board of Directors authorized the purchase, from time to time, of up to 750,000 Park common shares and 150,000 Park common shares, respectively, to be held as treasury shares for subsequent issuance and delivery under the 2017 Employees LTIP and the 2017 Non-Employee Directors LTIP. 
 -36- 

On January 23, 2017, Park announced that on that same day, the Park Board of Directors authorized Park to purchase, from time to time, up to an aggregate of 500,000 Park common shares. On January 28, 2019, Park announced that on that same day, the Park Board of Directors authorized Park to repurchase, from time to time following receipt of any required approval from the Federal Reserve, up to 500,000 Park common shares in addition to the 500,000 Park common shares which had been authorized for repurchase by the Park Board of Directors on January 23, 2017 and remained available for repurchase as of January 28, 2019. The required approval was received by Park in the form of correspondence from the Federal Reserve Bank of Cleveland dated April 19, 2019. 
 
 Purchases may be made through NYSE American, in the over-the-counter market or in privately negotiated transactions, in each case in compliance with the Ohio General Corporation Law, applicable federal and state securities laws, the rules applicable to issuers having securities listed on NYSE American, regulations promulgated by the Federal Reserve Board and all applicable laws and regulations, each as in effect at the time of each such purchase. Purchases will be made upon such terms and conditions and at such times and in such amounts as any one or more of the authorized officers of Park deem to be appropriate, subject to market conditions, regulatory requirements, any contractual obligations of Park and Park's subsidiaries and other factors, and in the best interest of Park and Park's shareholders. The January 23, 2017 stock repurchase authorization and the January 28, 2019 stock repurchase authorization are distinct from the stock repurchase authorizations to fund the 2017 Employees LTIP and the 2017 Non-Employee Directors LTIP. 

ITEM 6. [RESERVED] 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS. 

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 
 Management's discussion and analysis addresses the financial condition and results of operations for Park National Corporation and our subsidiaries (unless the context otherwise requires, collectively, "Park" or the "Corporation"). This discussion should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and related notes included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Management s discussion and analysis contains forward-looking statements that are provided to assist in the understanding of anticipated future financial performance. Forward-looking statements provide current expectations or forecasts of future events and are not guarantees of future performance. The forward-looking statements are based on management s expectations and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties. Although management believes that the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are reasonable, actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied in such statements. 
 
 Risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially include, without limitation: 
 
 Park's ability to execute our business plan successfully and within the expected timeframe as well as our ability to manage strategic initiatives; 
 current and future economic and financial market conditions, either nationally or in the states in which Park and our subsidiaries do business, including the effects of higher unemployment rates, an acceleration in the pace of inflation, interest rate fluctuations, changes in the economy or global supply chain, supply-demand imbalances affecting local real estate prices, U.S. fiscal debt, budget and tax matters, geopolitical matters (including the impact of the Russia-Ukraine conflict and associated sanctions and export controls), and any slowdown in global economic growth, in addition to the continuing impact of the COVID-19 pandemic and recovery therefrom on our customers operations and financial condition, any of which may result in adverse impacts on the demand for loan, deposit and other financial services, delinquencies, defaults and counterparties' inability to meet credit and other obligations and the possible impairment of collectability of loans; 
 factors that can impact the performance of our loan portfolio, including changes in real estate values and liquidity in our primary market areas, the financial health of our commercial borrowers and the success of construction projects that we finance, including any loans acquired in acquisition transactions; 
 the effect of monetary and other fiscal policies (including the impact of money supply, market interest rate policies and policies impacting inflation, of the Federal Reserve Board, the U.S. Treasury and other governmental agencies) as well as disruption in the liquidity and functioning of U.S. financial markets, may adversely impact prepayment penalty income, mortgage banking income, income from fiduciary activities, the value of securities, deposits and other financial instruments, in addition to the loan demand and the performance of our loan portfolio, and the interest rate sensitivity of our consolidated balance sheet as well as reduce net interest margins; 
 changes in the federal, state, or local tax laws may adversely affect the fair values of net deferred tax assets and obligations of state and political subdivisions held in Park's investment securities portfolio and otherwise negatively impact our financial performance; 
 -37- 

the impact of the changes in federal, state and local governmental policy, including the regulatory landscape, capital markets, elevated government debt, potential changes in tax legislation that may increase tax rates, infrastructure spending and social programs; 
 changes in laws or requirements imposed by Park's regulators impacting Park's capital actions, including dividend payments and stock repurchases; 
 changes in consumer spending, borrowing and saving habits, whether due to changes in retail distribution strategies, consumer preferences and behaviors, changes in business and economic conditions, legislative and regulatory initiatives, or other factors may be different than anticipated; 
 changes in customers', suppliers', and other counterparties' performance and creditworthiness, and Park's expectations regarding future credit losses and our allowance for credit losses, may be different than anticipated due to the continuing impact of and the various responses to inflationary pressures; 
 Park may have more credit risk and higher credit losses to the extent there are loan concentrations by location or industry of borrowers or collateral; 
 the volatility from quarter to quarter of mortgage banking income, whether due to interest rates, demand, the fair value of mortgage loans, or other factors; 
 the adequacy of our internal controls and risk management program in the event of changes in the market, economic, operational (including those which may result from our associates working remotely), asset/liability repricing, legal, compliance, strategic, cybersecurity, liquidity, credit and interest rate risks associated with Park's business; 
 competitive pressures among financial services organizations could increase significantly, including product and pricing pressures (which could in turn impact our credit spreads), changes to third-party relationships and revenues, changes in the manner of providing services, customer acquisition and retention pressures, and Park's ability to attract, develop and retain qualified banking professionals; 
 uncertainty regarding the nature, timing, cost and effect of changes in banking regulations or other regulatory or legislative requirements affecting the respective businesses of Park and our subsidiaries, including major reform of the regulatory oversight structure of the financial services industry and changes in laws and regulations concerning taxes, FDIC insurance premium levels, pensions, bankruptcy, consumer protection, rent regulation and housing, financial accounting and reporting, environmental protection, insurance, bank products and services, bank and bank holding company capital and liquidity standards, fiduciary standards, securities and other aspects of the financial services industry, specifically the reforms provided for in the Coronavirus Aid, Relief and Economic Security (CARES) Act and the follow-up legislation in the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2021, the American Rescue Plan Act of 2021, the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010 (the Dodd-Frank Act and the Basel III regulatory capital reforms, as well as regulations already adopted and which may be adopted in the future by the relevant regulatory agencies, including the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency, the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, and the Federal Reserve Board, to implement the provisions of the CARES Act and the follow-up legislation in the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2021, the provisions of the American Rescue Plan Act of 2021, the provisions of the Dodd-Frank Act, and the Basel III regulatory capital reforms; 
 Park's ability to meet heightened supervisory requirements and expectations; 
 the effect of changes in accounting policies and practices, as may be adopted by the Financial Accounting Standards Board (the "FASB"), the SEC, the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board and other regulatory agencies, may adversely affect Park's reported financial condition or results of operations; 
 Park's assumptions and estimates used in applying critical accounting policies and modeling, including under the CECL model, which may prove unreliable, inaccurate or not predictive of actual results; 
 the possibility that future credit losses may be higher than currently expected due to changes in economic assumptions; 
 the impact of Park's ability to anticipate and respond to technological changes on Park's ability to respond to customer needs and meet competitive demands; 
 operational issues stemming from and/or capital spending necessitated by the potential need to adapt to industry changes in information technology systems on which Park and our subsidiaries are highly dependent; 
 the ability to secure confidential information and deliver products and services through the use of computer systems and telecommunications networks, including those of Park's third-party vendors and other service providers, which may prove inadequate, and could adversely affect customer confidence in Park and/or result in Park incurring a financial loss; 
 a failure in or breach of Park's operational or security systems or infrastructure, or those of our third-party vendors and other service providers, resulting in failures or disruptions in customer account management, general ledger, deposit, loan, or other systems, including as a result of cybersecurity attacks; 
 the impact on Park's business and operating results of any costs associated with obtaining rights in intellectual property claimed by others and of the adequacy of Park's intellectual property protection in general; 
 the existence or exacerbation of general geopolitical instability and uncertainty as well as the effect of trade policies (including the impact of potential or imposed tariffs, a U.S. withdrawal from or significant renegotiation of trade agreements, trade wars and other changes in trade regulations, closing of border crossings and changes in the relationship of the U.S. and its global trading partners); 
 the impact on financial markets and the economy of any changes in the credit ratings of the U.S. Treasury obligations and other U.S. government-backed debt, as well as issues surrounding the levels of U.S., European and Asian government debt and concerns regarding the growth rates and financial stability of certain sovereign governments, 
 -38- 

supranationals and financial institutions in Europe and Asia and the risk they may face difficulties servicing their sovereign debt; 
 the effect of a fall in stock market prices on Park's asset and wealth management businesses; 
 our litigation and regulatory compliance exposure, including the costs and effects of any adverse developments in legal proceedings or other claims, the costs and effects of unfavorable resolution of regulatory and other governmental examinations or other inquiries, and liabilities and business restrictions resulting from litigation and regulatory investigations; 
 continued availability of earnings and excess capital sufficient for the lawful and prudent declaration of dividends; 
 the impact on Park's business, personnel, facilities or systems of losses related to acts of fraud, scams and schemes of third parties; 
 the impact of widespread natural and other disasters, pandemics, dislocations, regional or national protests and civil unrest (including any resulting branch closures or damages), military or terrorist activities or international hostilities (especially in light of the Russia-Ukraine conflict) on the economy and financial markets generally and on us or our counterparties specifically; 
 a worsening of the U.S. economy due to financial, political, or other shocks; 
 the effect of healthcare laws in the U.S. and potential changes for such laws which may increase our healthcare and other costs and negatively impact our operations and financial results; 
 risk and uncertainties associated with Park's entry into new geographic markets with our most recent acquisitions, including expected revenue synergies and cost savings from recent acquisitions not being fully realized or realized within the expected time frame; 
 uncertainty surrounding the transition from the London Inter-Bank Offered Rate (LIBOR) to an alternate reference rate; 
 and other risk factors relating to the banking industry as detailed from time to time in Park's reports filed with the SEC including those described in "Item 1A. Risk Factors" of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 Park does not undertake, and specifically disclaims any obligation, to publicly release the results of any revisions that may be made to update any forward-looking statement to reflect the events or circumstances after the date on which the forward-looking statement was made, or reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events, except to the extent required by law. 
 
 NON-U.S. GAAP FINANCIAL MEASURES 
 
 Management's discussion and analysis contains non-U.S. GAAP financial measures where management believes it to be helpful in understanding Park s results of operations or financial position. Where non-U.S. GAAP financial measures are used, the comparable U.S. GAAP financial measure, as well as the reconciliation to the comparable U.S. GAAP financial measure, can be found herein. 
 
 Items Impacting Comparability of Period Results 
 
 From time to time, revenue, expenses and/or taxes are impacted by items judged by management of Park to be outside of ordinary banking activities and/or by items that, while they may be associated with ordinary banking activities, are so unusually large that their outsized impact is believed by management of Park at that time to be infrequent or short-term in nature. Most often, these items impacting comparability of period results are due to merger and acquisition activities and revenue and expenses related to former Vision Bank loan relationships. In other cases, they may result from management's decisions associated with significant corporate actions outside of the ordinary course of business. 
 
 Even though certain revenue and expense items are naturally subject to more volatility than others due to changes in market and economic environment conditions, as a general rule volatility alone does not result in the inclusion of an item as one impacting comparability of period results. For example, changes in the provision for / (recovery of) credit losses (aside from those related to former Vision Bank loan relationships), gains (losses) on equity securities, net, and asset valuation adjustments, reflect ordinary banking activities and are, therefore, typically excluded from consideration as items impacting comparability of period results. 
 
 Management believes the disclosure of items impacting comparability of period results provides a better understanding of Park's performance and trends and allows management to ascertain which of such items, if any, to include or exclude from an analysis of Park's performance; i.e., within the context of determining how that performance differed from expectations, as well as how, if at all, to adjust estimates of future performance taking such items into account. 
 
 Items impacting comparability of the results of particular periods are not intended to be a complete list of items that may materially impact current or future period performance. 

-39- 

Non-U.S. GAAP Financial Measures 
 
 Park's management uses certain non-U.S. GAAP financial measures to evaluate Park's performance. Specifically, management reviews the return on average tangible equity, the return on average tangible assets, the tangible equity to tangible assets ratio, and pre-tax, pre-provision net income. 
 
 Management has included in this Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operation, information relating to the return on average tangible equity, the return on average tangible assets, the tangible equity to tangible assets ratio, and pre-tax, pre-provision net income for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. For the purpose of calculating the return on average tangible equity, a non-GAAP financial measure, net income for each period is divided by average tangible equity during the period. Average tangible equity equals average shareholders' equity during the applicable period less average goodwill and other intangible assets during the applicable period. For the purpose of calculating the return on average tangible assets, a non-GAAP financial measure, net income for each period is divided by average tangible assets during the period. Average tangible assets equals average assets during the applicable period less average goodwill and other intangible assets during the applicable period. For the purpose of calculating the tangible equity to tangible assets ratio, a non-GAAP financial measure, tangible equity is divided by tangible assets. Tangible equity equals total shareholders' equity less goodwill and other intangible assets, in each case at period end. Tangible assets equal total assets less goodwill and other intangible assets, in each case at period end. For the purpose of calculating pre-tax, pre-provision net income, a non-GAAP financial measure, income taxes and the provision for (recovery of) credit losses are added back to net income, in each case during the applicable period. 
 
 Management believes that the disclosure of the return on average tangible equity, the return on average tangible assets, the tangible equity to tangible assets ratio, and pre-tax, pre-provision net income presents additional information to the reader of the consolidated financial statements, which, when read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP, assists in analyzing Park's operating performance, ensures comparability of operating performance from period to period, and facilitates comparisons with the performance of Park's peer financial holding companies and bank holding companies, while eliminating certain non-operational effects of acquisitions. In the tables included within the "ANALYSIS OF EARNINGS - Items Impacting Comparability" section of this Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, Park has provided a reconciliation of average tangible equity to average shareholders' equity, average tangible assets to average assets, tangible equity to total shareholders' equity, tangible assets to total assets, and pre-tax, pre-provision net income to net income solely for the purpose of complying with SEC Regulation G and not as an indication that the return on average tangible equity, the return on average tangible assets, the tangible equity to tangible assets ratio, and pre-provision net income are substitutes for the return on average equity, the return on average assets, the total shareholders' equity to total assets ratio, and net income, respectively, as determined in accordance with U.S. GAAP 
 
 FTE (fully taxable equivalent) Financial Measures 
 
 Interest income, yields, and ratios on a FTE basis are considered non-U.S. GAAP financial measures. Management believes net interest income on a FTE basis provides an insightful picture of the interest margin for comparison purposes. The FTE basis also allows management to assess the comparability of revenue arising from both taxable and tax-exempt sources. The FTE basis assumes a corporate federal statutory tax rate of 21 . In the tables included within the "ANALYSIS OF EARNINGS - Net Interest Income" section of this Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, Park has provided detail of FTE interest income solely for the purpose of complying with SEC Regulation G and not as an indication that FTE interest income, yields and ratios are substitutes for interest income, yields and ratios, as determined in accordance with U.S. GAAP. 
 
 Paycheck Protection Program ("PPP") Loans 
 
 Park originated 764.7 million in loans as part of the PPP. These loans are not typical of Park's loan portfolio in that they are part of a specific government program to support businesses during the COVID-19 pandemic and are 100 guaranteed by the Small Business Administration ("SBA"). As such, management considers growth in the loan portfolio excluding PPP loans, the total allowance for credit losses to total loans ratio (excluding PPP loans), and general reserve on collectively evaluated loans as a percentage of total collectively evaluated loans (excluding PPP loans) in addition to the related U.S. GAAP metrics which are not adjusted for PPP loans. 
 
 -40- 

OVERVIEW 
 
 COVID-19 Considerations 
 
 During 2022 and 2021, Park provided calamity pay and special bonuses to certain associates related to the COVID-19 pandemic. The cost of the calamity pay and special bonuses was 747,000, 2.1 million and 3.6 million, for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively, and is included within "Salaries" expense. 
 
 Paycheck Protection Program 
 
 During 2020 and 2021, Park approved and funded 7,701 loans totaling 764.7 million as part of the PPP. For its assistance in making and retaining these loans, Park received an aggregate of 33.1 million in fees from the SBA, of which 3.0 million and 16.3 million were recognized within loan interest income during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. At December 31, 2022, the remaining balance of PPP loans was 4.2 million. 
 
 Loan Modifications 
 
 During the COVID-19 pandemic, Park worked with borrowers and provided modifications in the form of either interest only deferral or principal and interest deferral, in each case, for initial periods of up to 90 days. As necessary, Park made available a second 90-day interest only deferral or principal and interest deferral bringing the total potential deferral period to six months. Modifications were structured in a manner to best address each individual customer's then current situation. A majority of these modifications were excluded from the troubled debt restructuring ("TDR") classification under Section 4013 of the CARES Act or under applicable interagency guidance of the federal banking regulators. The modified loans were considered current and continued to accrue interest during the deferral period. As of December 31, 2022, there were no loans which were still within the COVID-19 deferral period. 
 
 Financial Results by Segment 
 
 The following table reflects the net income (loss) by segment for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. Park's segments include PNB and "All Other" which primarily consists of Park as the "Parent Company", GFSC and SEPH. 
 
 Table 1 - Net Income (Loss) by Segment (In thousands) 2022 2021 2020 PNB 143,243 159,461 123,730 All Other 5,108 (5,516) 4,193 Total Park 148,351 153,945 127,923 
 
 Highlights from the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 included: 
 
 Net income for the year ended December 31, 2022 of 148.4 million represented a 5.6 million, or 3.6 , decrease compared to 153.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 Pre-tax, pre-provision net income for the year ended December 31, 2022 of 185.0 million represented a 8.7 million, or 4.9 , increase compared to 176.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, Park recorded interest income of 3.1 million related to PPP loans, compared to 18.0 million during the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 Park recognized a 5.6 million gain on the sale of OREO, net, during the year ended December 31, 2022 related to former Vision Bank relationships. There was no gain on the sale of OREO, net, related to former Vision Bank relationships during the the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 Park recognized a 12.0 million OREO valuation markup during the year ended December 31, 2022 related to the foreclosure and subsequent sale of a property collateralizing a former Vision Bank relationship. There was no OREO valuation markup related to former Vision Bank relationships during the the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, Park recorded income of 1.2 million as a result of an annual Visa incentive, compared to 1.1 million during the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, Park recognized expense of 3.2 million related to one-time bonuses compared to 2.5 million during the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 -41- 

During the year ended December 31, 2022, Park incurred expenses of 1.8 million, reflecting direct expenses related to the collection of payments on former Vision Bank loan relationships, compared to 1.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 During each of the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, Park contributed 4.0 million to its charitable foundation. 
 PNB loan growth (excluding PPP loans) of 5.0 for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to a decrease in loans (excluding PPP loans) of 0.6 for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 PNB total deposits, including off balance sheet deposits, decreased 4.5 for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to an increase of 7.1 for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 Continued good credit quality with net loan charge-offs as a percentage of average loans of 0.03 for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to net loan recoveries as a percentage of average loans of 0.05 for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 
 Net income for both the year ended December 31, 2022 and the year ended December 31, 2021 included several items of income and expense that impact the comparability of period results. These items are detailed in the "ANALYSIS OF EARNINGS - Items Impacting Comparability" section of this Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 
 The following discussion provides additional information regarding the PNB segment, followed by additional information regarding All Other. 
 
 The Park National Bank (PNB) 
 
 The table below reflects PNB's net income for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 
 Table 2 - PNB Summary Income Statement (In thousands) 2022 2021 2020 Net interest income 350,646 328,398 326,375 Provision for (recovery of) credit losses (1) 
 5,834 (8,554) 30,813 Other income 115,211 126,802 124,231 Other expense 283,670 266,678 268,938 Income before income taxes 176,353 197,076 150,855 Income tax expense 33,110 37,615 27,125 Net income 143,243 159,461 123,730 
 (1) Park adopted ASU 2016-13 effective January 1, 2021. The allowance for credit losses and the related provision for (recovery of) credit losses for all periods subsequent to the date of adoption were calculated utilizing this guidance. 
 
 Net interest income of 350.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 represented a 22.2 million, or 6.8 , increase compared to 328.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase was a result of a 37.5 million increase in interest income, partially offset by a 15.3 million increase in interest expense. 
 The 37.5 million increase in interest income was primarily due to a 26.5 million increase in investment income and a 11.0 million increase in interest income on loans. The 26.5 million increase in investment income was primarily the result of a 254.1 million increase in average investments, including money market investments, from 2.00 billion for the year ended December 31, 2021 to 2.26 billion for the year ended December 31, 2022. The increase was also the result of an increase in the yield on investments, which increased 103 basis points to 2.56 for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 1.53 for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase in interest income on loans was primarily the result of a 176.9 million increase in average loans, excluding PPP loans, from 6.75 billion for the year ended December 31, 2021 to 6.93 billion for the year ended December 31, 2022, as well as an increase in the yield on loans, excluding PPP loans, which increased 26 basis points to 4.57 for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 4.31 for the year ended December 31, 2021. These increases were partially offset by a 15.0 million decrease in interest and fee income from PPP loans, which was 3.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 18.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 The 15.3 million increase in interest expense was primarily due to a 14.7 million increase in interest expense on deposits, as well as a 628,000 increase in interest expense on borrowings. The increase in interest expense on deposits was the result of a 108.2 million increase in average on-balance sheet interest bearing deposits from 5.25 billion for the year ended December 31, 2021, to 5.36 billion for the year ended December 31, 2022 as well as the result of an increase in the cost of deposits of 27 
 -42- 

basis points, from 0.12 for the year ended December 31, 2021 to 0.39 for the year ended December 31, 2022. The increase in on-balance sheet interest bearing deposits was due an increase in transaction accounts, which was partially offset by decreases in both savings and time deposits. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, Park made the decision to continue its participation in a program to transfer deposits off-balance sheet, at the end of each quarter, in order to manage growth of the balance sheet. 
 The provision for credit losses of 5.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 represented a difference of 14.4 million, compared to a recovery of credit losses of 8.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. Refer to the CREDIT METRICS AND PROVISION FOR (RECOVERY OF) CREDIT LOSSES" section for additional details regarding the level of the provision for (recovery of) credit losses recognized in each period presented above. 
 Other income of 115.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 represented a decrease of 11.6 million, or 9.1 , compared to 126.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The 11.6 million decrease was primarily related to a 14.8 million decrease in other service income, which was primarily due to declines in fee income from mortgage loan originations and mortgage servicing rights, partially offset by increases in income from investor rate locks and mortgage loans held for sale. The decrease was also related to (i) a 1.7 million decrease in gain on equity securities, net; (ii) a 390,000 decrease in other miscellaneous income; and (iii) a 358,000 decrease in fiduciary income. These decreases were partially offset by increases of (i) 3.9 million in other components of net periodic benefit income; and (ii) 1.3 million in income from service charges on deposit accounts. 
 A summary of mortgage loan originations for each quarter of 2022 and 2021 and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 follows. 
 Table 3 - PNB Mortgage Loan Originations (Dollars in thousands) Q1 2022 Q2 2022 Q3 2022 Q4 2022 YTD 2022 Mortgage Loan Origination Volume Sold 69,053 50,013 27,025 13,051 159,142 Portfolio 53,498 63,104 90,551 56,134 263,287 Construction 32,928 34,044 34,026 19,796 120,794 Service released 4,660 4,580 2,537 2,961 14,738 Total mortgage loan originations 160,139 151,741 154,139 91,942 557,961 Refinances as a of Total Mortgage Loan Originations 41.7 25.9 24.0 22.8 29.4 Q1 2021 Q2 2021 Q3 2021 Q4 2021 YTD 2021 Mortgage Loan Origination Volume Sold 191,116 142,398 123,757 98,007 555,278 Portfolio 82,613 74,670 66,718 60,685 284,686 Construction 28,987 37,266 28,486 24,816 119,555 Service released 1,266 2,204 4,537 5,795 13,802 Total mortgage loan originations 303,982 256,538 223,498 189,303 973,321 Refinances as a of Total Mortgage Loan Originations 71.1 50.0 44.8 44.2 54.2 
 Total mortgage loan originations decreased 415.4 million, or 42.7 , to 558.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 973.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 -43- 

The table below reflects PNB's other expense for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 
 Table 4 - PNB Other Expense Information (Dollars in thousands) December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 change change Salaries 129,378 120,949 8,429 7.0 Employee benefits 40,066 40,895 (829) (2.0) Occupancy expense 13,842 12,555 1,287 10.3 Furniture and equipment expense 11,900 10,880 1,020 9.4 Data processing fees 32,293 30,202 2,091 6.9 Professional fees and services 23,774 19,980 3,794 19.0 Marketing 5,304 6,072 (768) (12.6) Insurance 5,397 5,621 (224) (4.0) Communication 3,857 3,498 359 10.3 State tax expense 4,327 3,821 506 13.2 Amortization of intangible assets 1,487 1,798 (311) (17.3) Foundation contributions 4,000 4,000 Miscellaneous 8,045 6,407 1,638 25.6 Total other expense 283,670 266,678 16,992 6.4 
 
 Total other expense of 283.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 represented an increase of 17.0 million, or 6.4 , compared to 266.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase in salaries expense was primarily related to increases in base salary expense and vacation accrual expense. The decrease in employee benefits expense was primarily related to a decrease in group insurance expense, partially offset by increases in payroll tax expense and other employee benefits, including retirement benefit expense. The increase in occupancy expense was primarily related to an increase in rental lease expense, including an impairment charge related to a leased office location. The increase in furniture and equipment expense was primarily related to an increase in depreciation expense. The increase in data processing fees was primarily related to an increase in software data processing expense, partially offset by a decrease in debit card processing expense. The increase in professional fees and services expense was primarily due to increases in legal expense, other fees and recruiting fees. The decrease in marketing expense was due to a decrease in advertising expenses. The increase in miscellaneous expense was due to increased expense for the allowance for unfunded lines of credit and increased training and travel-related expenses, which were partially offset by a decrease in operating lease depreciation expense. 
 -44- 

The table below provides certain balance sheet information and financial ratios for PNB as of or for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 
 Table 5 - PNB Balance Sheet Information and Financial Ratios (Dollars in thousands) December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 change from 12/31/21 Loans 7,141,362 6,868,935 3.97 Loans less PPP loans (1) 
 7,137,156 6,794,515 5.04 Allowance for credit losses 85,370 83,111 2.72 Net loans 7,055,992 6,785,824 3.98 Investment securities 1,796,613 1,807,392 (0.60) Total assets 9,815,951 9,538,217 2.91 Total deposits 8,534,320 8,157,720 4.62 Average assets (2) 
 10,011,932 9,814,766 2.01 Efficiency ratio (3) 
 60.43 58.21 3.81 Return on average assets 1.43 1.62 (11.73) 
 (1) Excludes 4.2 million and 74.4 million of PPP loans at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. 
 (2) Average assets for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 (3) Efficiency ratio is calculated by dividing total other expense by the sum of fully taxable equivalent net interest income and other income. Fully taxable equivalent net interest income includes the effects of taxable equivalent adjustments using a 21 federal corporate income tax rate. The taxable equivalent adjustments were 3.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 
 Loans outstanding at December 31, 2022 were 7.14 billion, compared to 6.87 billion at December 31, 2021, an increase of 272.4 million, and compared to 7.10 billion at September 30, 2022, an increase of 38.9 million. Excluding 4.2 million, 5.7 million and 74.4 million of PPP loans at December 31, 2022, September 30, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively, loans outstanding were 7.14 billion at December 31, 2022, compared to 6.79 billion at December 31, 2021, an increase of 342.6 million, and compared to 7.10 billion at September 30, 2022, an increase of 40.4 million. The table below breaks out the change in loans outstanding, by loan type. 
 
 Table 6 - PNB Loan Information (In thousands) December 31, 2022 September 30, 2022 December 31, 2021 change from 9/30/22 change from 9/30/22 change from 12/31/21 change from 12/31/21 Home equity 167,232 167,072 165,691 160 0.1 1,541 0.9 Installment 1,921,059 1,948,819 1,685,687 (27,760) (1.4) 235,372 14.0 Real estate 1,195,037 1,171,079 1,142,991 23,958 2.0 52,046 4.6 Commercial (excluding PPP loans) (1) 
 3,850,477 3,807,976 3,797,673 42,501 1.1 52,804 1.4 PPP loans 4,206 5,715 74,420 (1,509) (26.4) (70,214) (94.3) Other 3,351 1,842 2,473 1,509 81.9 878 35.5 Total loans 7,141,362 7,102,503 6,868,935 38,859 0.5 272,427 4.0 Total loans (excluding PPP loans) (1) 
 7,137,156 7,096,788 6,794,515 40,368 0.6 342,641 5.0 
 (1) Excludes 4.2 million of PPP loans at December 31, 2022, 5.7 million of PPP loans at September 30, 2022, and 74.4 million of PPP loans at December 31, 2021. 
 
 PNB's allowance for credit losses increased by 2.3 million, or 2.7 , to 85.4 million at December 31, 2022, compared to 83.1 million at December 31, 2021. Net charge-offs were 3.6 million, or 0.05 of total average loans, for the year ended December 31 2022 and net recoveries were 640,000, or 0.01 of total average loans, for the year ended December 31, 2021. Refer to the CREDIT METRICS AND PROVISION FOR (RECOVERY OF) CREDIT LOSSES" section for additional information regarding PNB's loan portfolio and the level of provision for credit losses recognized in each period presented. 
 
 Total deposits at December 31, 2022 were 8.53 billion, compared to 8.16 billion at December 31, 2021, an increase of 376.6 million, or 4.6 . Total deposits at December 31, 2022 were 8.53 billion, compared to 8.61 billion at September 30, 2022, a 
 -45- 

decrease of 72.0 million, or 0.8 . During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, Park made the decision to continue participation in two programs to transfer deposits off-balance sheet in order to manage growth of the balance sheet, as deposits increased significantly throughout the COVID-19 pandemic. At December 31, 2022, September 30, 2022 and December 31, 2021, Park had 195.9 million, 766.2 million, and 983.1 million, respectively, in deposits which were off-balance sheet. Total deposits would have decreased 410.5 million, or 4.5 , compared to December 31, 2021 had the 195.9 million and 983.1 million in deposits remained on the balance sheet at the respective dates. Total deposits would have decreased 642.2 million, or 6.9 , compared to September 30, 2022 had the 195.9 million and 766.2 million in deposits remained on the balance sheet at the respective dates. The table below breaks out the change in deposit balances, by deposit type. 
 
 Table 7 - PNB Deposit Information (Dollars in thousands) December 31, 2022 September 30, 2022 December 31, 2021 change from 9/30/22 change from 9/30/22 change from 12/31/21 change from 12/31/21 Non-interest bearing deposits 3,374,269 3,435,307 3,320,413 (61,038) (1.8) 53,856 1.6 Transaction accounts 1,988,106 1,989,340 1,502,876 (1,234) (0.1) 485,230 32.3 Savings 2,617,500 2,568,404 2,622,771 49,096 1.9 (5,271) (0.2) Certificates of deposit 554,445 613,222 711,660 (58,777) (9.6) (157,215) (22.1) Total deposits 8,534,320 8,606,273 8,157,720 (71,953) (0.8) 376,600 4.6 Off balance sheet deposits 195,937 766,184 983,053 (570,247) (74.4) (787,116) (80.1) Total deposits including off balance sheet deposits 8,730,257 9,372,457 9,140,773 (642,200) (6.9) (410,516) (4.5) 
 
 All Other 
 
 The table below summarizes the All Other net income (loss) for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020. 
 
 Table 8 - All Other Income Statement (In thousands) 2022 2021 2020 Net interest (expense) income (3,587) 1,495 1,255 Recovery of credit losses (1) 
 (1,277) (3,362) (18,759) Other income 20,724 3,142 1,433 Other expense 14,308 16,840 17,657 Net income (loss) before income tax benefit 4,106 (8,841) 3,790 Income tax benefit (1,002) (3,325) (403) Net income (loss) 5,108 (5,516) 4,193 
 (1) Park adopted ASU 2016-13 effective January 1, 2021. The allowance for credit losses and the related recovery of credit losses for all periods subsequent to the date of adoption were calculated utilizing this guidance. 
 
 The net interest (expense) income for All Other included, for all periods presented, interest income on subordinated debt investments in PNB, which was eliminated in the consolidated Park National Corporation totals, as well as interest income on GFSC loans and SEPH impaired loan relationships. The net interest (expense) income for All Other also included interest expense on 175.0 million aggregate principal amount of 4.50 Fixed-to-Floating Rate Subordinated Notes due 2030 issued by Park in August 2020 (the "Park Subordinated Notes"). 
 
 Net interest (expense) income reflected net interest expense of 3.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to net interest income of 1.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The change was largely the result of a decrease of 4.2 million in loan interest income related to payment collections at SEPH and a decrease of 929,000 in net interest income from GFSC, partially offset by a decrease in interest expense on borrowings of 58,000 mainly related to the Park Subordinated Notes. 
 
 Refer to the CREDIT METRICS AND PROVISION FOR (RECOVERY OF) CREDIT LOSSES" section for additional information regarding the All Other loan portfolio and the level of recovery of credit losses recognized in each period presented. 
 
 All Other had other income of 20.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 3.1 million for the year 
 -46- 

ended December 31, 2021. The change was largely due to (i) a 12.0 million increase in income from an OREO valuation markup; (ii) a 5.6 million increase in gain on the sale of OREO, net; (iii) a 749,000 increase in income from bank owned life insurance, mainly related to a death benefit payout; and (iv) a 304,000 increase in gain on equity securities carried at fair value or modified cost, which went from a 361,000 gain for the year ended December 31, 2021 to a 665,000 gain for the year ended December 31, 2022. The foregoing increases were partially offset by a 594,000 decrease in income due to an OREO devaluation and a 634,000 decrease in income related to partnership investments, which went from a 857,000 gain for the year ended December 31, 2021 to a 223,000 gain for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 All Other had other expense of 14.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 16.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease was largely due to (i) a 715,000 decrease in salaries expense, (ii) a 460,000 decrease in occupancy expense, (iii) a 408,000 decrease in professional fees and services, (iv) a 284,000 decrease in employee benefits expense and (v) a 280,000 decrease in other insurance expense. 
 
 The table below provides certain balance sheet information for All Other as of or for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 
 Table 9 - All Other Balance Sheet Information (Dollars in thousands) December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 change from 12/31/21 Loans 529 2,187 (75.81) Allowance for credit losses 
 9 86 (89.53) Net loans 520 2,101 (75.25) Total assets 39,042 22,037 77.17 Average assets (1) 
 32,276 32,692 (1.27) 
 (1) Average assets for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 Park National Corporation 
 
 The table below summarizes Park's net income for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020. 
 
 Table 10 - Park Summary Income Statement (In thousands) 2022 2021 2020 Net interest income 347,059 329,893 327,630 Provision for (recovery of) credit losses (1) 
 4,557 (11,916) 12,054 Other income 135,935 129,944 125,664 Other expense 297,978 283,518 286,595 Income before income taxes 180,459 188,235 154,645 Income tax expense 32,108 34,290 26,722 Net income 148,351 153,945 127,923 
 (1) Park adopted ASU 2016-13 effective January 1, 2021. The allowance for credit losses and the related provision for (recovery of) credit losses for all periods subsequent to the date of adoption were calculated utilizing this guidance. 
 
 DIVIDENDS ON COMMON SHARES 
 
 Cash dividends declared on Park's common shares were 4.66 in 2022, 4.52 in 2021 and 4.28 in 2020. The quarterly cash dividend on Park's common shares was 1.04 per share for the first, second and third quarter of 2022, and 1.54 per share for the fourth quarter of 2022. The fourth quarter of 2022 included a one-time special cash dividend of 0.50 per share. This was the fifth year in a row that Park has declared a special cash dividend 0.50 in 2022, 0.20 twice in 2021, 0.20 in both 2020 and 2019, and 0.25 in 2018), which began in 2018 when the corporate federal income tax rate was reduced from 35 to 21 and has continued each year that the tax rates have remained at the lower level. The quarterly cash dividend on Park's common shares was 1.23 per share for the first quarter of 2021, 1.03 per share for the second and third quarter of 2021, and 1.23 per share for the fourth quarter of 2021. The first and fourth quarters of 2021 included a one-time special cash dividend of 0.20 per share. The quarterly cash dividend on Park's common shares was 1.22 per share for the first quarter of 2020, and 1.02 per share for the second, third, and fourth quarter of 2020. The first quarter of 2020 included a one-time special cash dividend of 
 -47- 

0.20 per share. Please see the discussion of limitations on Park's ability to pay dividends in the section captioned "Supervision and Regulation of Park and its Subsidiaries Limits on Dividends and Other Payments" in "ITEM 1. BUSINESS" of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES 
 
 The significant accounting policies used in the development and presentation of Park s consolidated financial statements are listed in "Note 1 - Summary of Significant Accounting Policies" of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in "ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA." The accounting and reporting policies of Park conform with U.S. GAAP and general practices within the financial services industry. The preparation of financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the consolidated financial statements and the accompanying notes. Actual results could differ from those estimates. 
 
 The COVID-19 pandemic and subsequent economic uncertainty have caused significant, unprecedented disruption around the world that has affected daily living and negatively impacted the global economy. Additionally, geopolitical conflict (including the conflict in Ukraine) and inflationary pressures have added uncertainty to the overall economic environment. The effects of the COVID-19 pandemic, geopolitical conflict, and inflationary pressures may meaningfully impact significant estimates such as the allowance for credit losses, goodwill, and pension plan obligations and related expenses. 
 
 Allowance for Credit Losses: Park believes the determination of the allowance for credit losses involves a higher degree of judgment and complexity than its other significant accounting policies. The allowance for credit losses is calculated with the objective of maintaining a reserve level believed by management to be sufficient to absorb estimated credit losses over the life of an asset or an off-balance sheet credit exposure. Management s determination of the adequacy of the allowance for credit losses is based on periodic evaluations of past events, including historical credit loss experience on financial assets with similar risk characteristics, current conditions, and reasonable and supportable forecasts that affect the collectability of the remaining cash flows over the contractual term of the financial assets. However, this evaluation has subjective components requiring material estimates, including expected default probabilities, the expected loss given default, the amounts and timing of expected future cash flows on individually evaluated loans, and estimated losses based on historical loss experience and forecasted economic conditions. All of these factors may be susceptible to significant change. To the extent that actual results differ from management estimates, additional provisions for credit losses may be required that would adversely impact earnings in future periods. 
 
 One of the most significant judgments impacting the ACL estimate is the economic forecast for Ohio unemployment, Ohio GDP, and Ohio HPI. Changes in the economic forecast could significantly affect the estimated credit losses which could potentially lead to materially different allowance levels from one reporting period to the next. 
 
 In calculating the ACL, management weighs several different scenarios, including a baseline (most likely) scenario and an adverse scenario. To create hypothetical sensitivity analyses, management calculated a quantitative allowance using a 100 weighting applied to a baseline scenario and a quantitative allowance using a 100 weighting applied to an adverse scenario. The adverse scenario assumes among other things that: (1) the military conflict between Russia and Ukraine worsens significantly and persists longer than anticipated resulting in a disruption in oil supply, exports of goods and food, and increased inflation; (2) supply chain issues erode, with increased shortages of many goods, also boosting inflation; (3) inflation remains elevated, which leads to a recession and increased unemployment; (4) the Federal Reserve Board continues to increase interest rates, at a higher degree than the baseline scenario, to combat high inflation affecting consumer spending as well as causing businesses to have higher costs associated with obtaining capital, therefore slowing down growth; and (5) new cases, hospitalizations and deaths from COVID-19 start to rise significantly again, slowing growth in spending on air travel, retail and hotels. The adverse scenario forecasts Ohio unemployment for the next twelve months to range from 6.4 to 8.5 . Excluding consideration of general reserve adjustments, this sensitivity analysis would result in a hypothetical increase in Park's ACL of 27.5 million as of December 31, 2022 if only the adverse scenario was used. Excluding consideration of general reserve adjustments, a corresponding 27.5 million decrease in Park's ACL would occur in a hypothetical scenario if only the baseline (most likely) scenario was used. 
 
 Refer to the CREDIT METRICS AND PROVISION FOR (RECOVERY OF) CREDIT LOSSES section within this "ITEM 7: MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS" for additional discussion. 
 
 Goodwill: Management believes that the accounting for goodwill also involves a higher degree of judgment than most other significant accounting policies. U.S. GAAP establishes standards for the impairment assessment of goodwill. Goodwill arising 
 -48- 

from business combinations represents the value attributable to unidentifiable intangible assets in each business acquired. Park s goodwill, as of December 31, 2022, relates to the value inherent in the banking industry and that value is dependent upon the ability of Park s national bank subsidiary, PNB, to provide quality, cost-effective banking services in a competitive marketplace. The goodwill value is supported by revenue that is in part driven by the volume of business transacted. A decrease in earnings resulting from a decline in the customer base, the inability to deliver cost-effective services over sustained periods or significant credit problems could lead to impairment of goodwill that could, in turn, adversely impact earnings in future periods. 
 
 U.S. GAAP requires an annual evaluation of goodwill for impairment, or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that the asset might be impaired. Park evaluates goodwill for impairment during the second quarter of each year, with financial data as of March 31. Based on the qualitative analysis performed as of April 1, 2022, the Company determined that goodwill for Park's reporting unit, PNB, was not impaired. The fair value of the goodwill, which resides on the books of PNB, is evaluated for potential impairment by reviewing the past and projected operating results for PNB, deposit and loan totals for PNB and banking industry comparable information. 
 
 Pension Plan: The determination of pension plan obligations and related expenses requires the use of assumptions to estimate the amount of benefits that employees will earn while working, as well as the present value of those benefits. Annual pension expense is principally based on four components: (1) the value of benefits earned by employees for working during the year (service cost), (2) the increase in the liability due to the passage of time (interest cost), and (3) other gains and losses, reduced by (4) the expected return on plan assets for our pension plan. 
 
 Significant assumptions used to measure our annual pension expense include: 
 
 the interest rate used to determine the present value of liabilities (discount rate); 
 certain employee-related factors, such as turnover, retirement age and mortality; 
 the expected return on assets in our funded pension plan; and 
 the rate of salary increases where benefits are based on earnings. 
 
 The most significant of these assumptions are the discount rate and the expected return on assets. The discount rate utilized for the December 31, 2022 calculation was 5.32 and the expected return on plan assets was 6.92 . Presented below is the estimated impact on Park's projected benefit obligation ("PBO") and 2023 pension expense assuming changes in the significant assumptions. 
 
 Table 11-Pension Sensitivity Discount Rate Expected Return on Plan Assets (In thousands) - 25 BPS +25 BPS - 50 BPS +50 BPS Change in PBO 3,270 (3,110) N.A. N.A. Change in Pension Expense 70 (70) 1,020 (1,020) 
 
 Our assumptions reflect our historical experience and management s best judgment regarding future expectations. Due to the significant management judgment involved, our assumptions could have a material impact on the measurement of our pension plan expense and obligation. 
 
 ABOUT OUR BUSINESS 
 
 Through our national bank subsidiary, PNB, Park is engaged in a general commercial banking and trust business, primarily in Ohio, Kentucky, North Carolina and South Carolina, with the exception of nationwide aircraft loans and nationwide asset-based lending to consumer finance companies. Management believes there are a significant number of consumers and businesses that seek long-term relationships with community-based financial institutions of quality and strength. While not engaging in activities such as foreign lending, nationally syndicated loans or investment banking, Park attempts to meet the needs of our customers for commercial, real estate and consumer loans, and investment, fiduciary and deposit services. 
 
 Park s subsidiaries compete for deposits and loans with other banks, savings associations, credit unions and other types of financial institutions. At December 31, 2022, Park operated 96 financial service offices (including those of PNB and Scope Leasing, Inc. ("Scope Aircraft Finance")) and a network of 115 automated teller machines in 26 Ohio counties, four North Carolina counties, four South Carolina counties and one Kentucky county. SEPH and Guardian each operated one administrative office, located in Newark, Ohio. 
 -49- 

SOURCE OF FUNDS 
 
 Deposits: Park s major source of funds is deposits from individuals, businesses and local government entities. These deposits consist of non-interest bearing and interest bearing deposits. 
 
 Average total deposits were 8,450 million in 2022, compared to 8,187 million in 2021 and 7,633 million in 2020. The table below provides a summary of deposit balances as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, along with the change over the past year. 
 Table 12 - Year-End Deposits December 31 (In thousands) 2022 2021 Change Non-interest bearing checking 3,074,276 3,066,419 7,857 Interest bearing transaction accounts 1,988,106 1,502,876 485,230 Savings 2,616,563 2,622,108 (5,545) Time deposits 554,445 711,660 (157,215) Other 1,325 1,465 (140) Total 8,234,715 7,904,528 330,187 Off balance sheet deposits 195,937 983,053 (787,116) Total deposits including off balance sheet deposits 8,430,652 8,887,581 (456,929) 
 
 During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, Park made the decision to participate in two programs in order to manage growth of the balance sheet, as deposits increased significantly throughout the COVID-19 pandemic. At December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, Park had 195.9 million and 983.1 million, respectively, in off balance sheet deposits. Total deposits would have decreased 456.9 million, or 5.1 , compared to December 31, 2021 had the 195.9 million and 983.1 million in deposits remained on the balance sheet. 
 
 The average interest rate paid on interest bearing deposits was 0.39 in 2022, compared to 0.12 in 2021 and 0.41 in 2020. The average cost of interest bearing deposits for each quarter of 2022 was 0.81 for the fourth quarter, 0.46 for the third quarter, 0.16 for the second quarter and 0.08 for the first quarter. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, approximately 2.4 billion and 1.7 billion, respectively, of our deposit portfolio was uninsured. The uninsured amounts, those in excess of the 250,000 FDIC insurance limit, are estimates based on the methodologies used for the Corporation's regulatory reporting requirements. 
 
 The following table provides a summary of the portion of the Corporation's time deposits, by account, that are in excess of the FDIC insurance limit of 250,000, by remaining time until maturity, as of December 31, 2022: 
 Table 13 - Maturities of Time Deposits in Excess of FDIC Insurance Limit December 31 (In thousands) 2022 3 months or less 3,849 Over 3 months through 6 months 7,898 Over 6 months through 12 months 12,255 Over 12 months 20,027 Total 44,029 
 
 Short-Term Borrowings: Short-term borrowings consist of securities sold under agreements to repurchase, Federal Home Loan Bank advances, Federal Funds purchased and other borrowings. These funds are used to manage the Corporation s liquidity needs and interest rate sensitivity risk. The average rate paid on short-term borrowings generally moves closely with changes in market interest rates for short-term investments. The average rate paid on short-term borrowings was 0.67 in 2022, compared to 0.27 in 2021 and 0.40 in 2020. The year-end balance for short-term borrowings was 227 million at December 31, 2022, compared to 239 million at December 31, 2021 and 342 million at December 31, 2020. 
 
 Long-Term Debt: Long-term debt primarily consists of borrowings from the Federal Home Loan Bank. In addition, Park had a term note with another financial institution which was paid off on August 2, 2021. The average balance of long-term debt and the average cost of long-term debt include the subordinated notes discussed in the following section. In 2022, the average 
 -50- 

balance of long-term debt was 188 million, compared to 206 million in 2021 and 216 million in 2020. The average interest rate paid on long-term debt was 4.69 in 2022, compared to 4.32 in 2021 and 3.55 in 2020. Average total debt (long-term and short-term) was 396 million in 2022, compared to 493 million in 2021 and 495 million in 2020. Average total debt decreased by 97.4 million, or 19.8 , in 2022 compared to 2021, and decreased by 2 million, or 0.3 , in 2021 compared to 2020. Average long-term debt was 48 of average total debt in 2022, compared to 42 of average total debt in 2021 and 44 of average total debt in 2020. 
 
 Subordinated Notes: Park assumed, with the 2007 acquisition of Vision's parent holding company, 15.5 million of floating rate junior subordinated notes. The 15.5 million of junior subordinated notes were purchased by Vision Bancshares Trust I ("Trust I") following the issuance of Trust I's 15.0 million of floating rate preferred securities. The interest rate on these junior subordinated notes adjusts every quarter at 148 basis points above the three-month LIBOR interest rate. The maturity date for the junior subordinated notes is December 30, 2035 and since December 30, 2010, Park has had the right to prepay the junior subordinated notes, without penalty. These junior subordinated notes qualify as Tier 1 capital under current Federal Reserve Board guidelines. 
 
 On August 20, 2020, Park completed the issuance and sale of 175 million aggregate principal amount of its 4.50 Fixed-to-Floating Rate Subordinated Notes due 2030 (the "Subordinated Notes"). The Subordinated Notes initially bear a fixed interest rate of 4.50 per year, payable semi-annually in arrears on March 1 and September 1 of each year, commencing on March 1, 2021. Commencing on September 1, 2025, the Subordinated Notes will bear interest at a floating rate per annum equal to the Benchmark rate, which is expected to be Three-Month Term SOFR, plus a spread of 439 basis points for each quarterly interest period during the floating rate period, payable quarterly in arrears; provided, however, that if the Benchmark rate is less than zero, then the Benchmark rate will be deemed to be zero. The Company may, at its option, beginning with the interest payment date of September 1, 2025 and on any interest payment date thereafter, redeem the Subordinated Notes, in whole or in part, from time to time, subject to obtaining the prior approval of the Federal Reserve Board to the extent the approval of the Federal Reserve Board is then required under the capital adequacy rules of the Federal Reserve Board, at a redemption price equal to 100 of the principal amount of the Subordinated Notes being redeemed, plus accrued and unpaid interest thereon to but excluding the date of redemption. The Subordinated Notes qualify as Tier 2 capital for Park under the Federal Reserve Board's capital adequacy rules. 
 
 See "Note 18 - Subordinated Notes" of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in "ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA" of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information about the Subordinated Notes. 
 
 Shareholders' Equity: The ratio of total shareholders' equity to total assets was 10.85 at December 31, 2022, compared to 11.62 at December 31, 2021 and 11.21 at December 31, 2020. The ratio of tangible shareholders equity [shareholders' equity 1,069.2 million) less goodwill 159.6 million) and other intangible assets 6.0 million)] to tangible assets [total assets 9,855.0 million) less goodwill 159.6 million) and other intangible assets 6.0 million)] was 9.33 at December 31, 2022, compared to 10.05 at December 31, 2021 and 9.57 at December 31, 2020. 
 
 In accordance with U.S. GAAP, Park reflects any unrealized holding gain or loss on AFS debt securities, any unrealized net holding gain or loss on cash flow hedging derivatives and any change in the funded status of Park's Pension Plan, in each case, net of income taxes, as accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income which is part of Park s shareholders equity. 
 
 The unrealized net holding loss, net of income taxes, on AFS debt securities was 95.7 million at year-end 2022, compared to an unrealized net holding gain, net of income taxes, of 21.2 million at year-end 2021 and of 40.7 million at year-end 2020. 
 
 The unrealized net holding loss, net of income taxes, on cash flow hedging derivatives was zero at year-end 2022, compared to 206,000 at year-end 2021 and 698,000 at year-end 2020. 
 
 In accordance with U.S. GAAP, Park adjusts accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income to recognize the net actuarial gain or loss and prior service cost or credit reflected in the funding status of Park s pension plan. See "Note 21 - Benefit Plans" of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in "ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA" of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for information on the accounting for Park s pension plan. Pertaining to the funding status of the pension plan, Park recognized net other comprehensive loss of 888,000 in 2022, compared to net other comprehensive income of 28.6 million in 2021, and net other comprehensive loss of 7.7 million in 2020. 
 
 The net other comprehensive loss in 2022 was largely due to 1.9 million in prior service cost, as a result of plan amendments, partially offset by a 784,000 net actuarial gain. The 784,000 net actuarial gain was due to lower than expected investment 
 -51- 

returns on pension plan assets which were more than offset by a decrease in benefit obligations due to assumption changes. The net other comprehensive gain in 2021 was due to greater than expected investment returns on pension plan assets as well as a net decrease in the benefit obligation due to assumption changes. The net other comprehensive loss in 2020 was due to changes in actuarial assumptions which were partially offset by increased investment returns on pension plan assets. 
 
 At year-end 2022, the balance in accumulated other comprehensive loss pertaining to the pension plan was an unrealized loss of 6.7 million, compared to 5.8 million at December 31, 2021 and 34.4 million at December 31, 2020. 

INVESTMENT OF FUNDS 
 
 Loans: Average loans were 6,956 million in 2022, compared to 7,015 million in 2021 and 6,990 million in 2020. The average yield on average loan balances was 4.65 in 2022, compared to 4.53 in 2021 and 4.71 in 2020. Approximately 42 of Park s loan balances mature or reprice within one year (see Table 38). The average yield on average loan balances for each quarter of 2022 was 5.00 for the fourth quarter, 4.72 for the third quarter, 4.57 for the second quarter and 4.31 for the first quarter. 
 
 Loan interest income for 2022, 2021, and 2020 included 3.7 million, 8.0 million and 453,000, respectively, related to payments received on certain SEPH nonaccrual loan relationships, some of which are participated with PNB. In addition, loan interest income included 1.8 million, 3.3 million and 4.4 million, respectively, of the accretion of loan purchase accounting adjustments related to the acquisitions of NewDominion and Carolina Alliance. Loan interest income for 2022, 2021 and 2020 included interest and fee income related to PPP loans of 3.1 million, 18.0 million and 16.7 million, respectively. Excluding the impact of the purchase accounting accretion, SEPH income, and PPP income, the average yield on loans was 4.55 , 4.27 and 4.63 , for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020. Excluding the impact of the purchase accounting accretion, SEPH income, and PPP income, the average yield on loans was 4.94 for the fourth quarter of 2022, 4.64 for the third quarter of 2022, 4.36 for the second quarter of 2022, and 4.22 for the first quarter of 2022. 
 
 At December 31, 2022, loan balances were 7,142 million, compared to 6,871 million at year-end 2021, an increase of 271 million, or 3.9 . Excluding 4.2 million and 74.4 million of PPP loans at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, loans outstanding at December 31, 2022 were 7,138 million, compared to 6,797 million, an increase of 341 million, or 5.0 . At December 31, 2021, loan balances were 6,871 million, compared to 7,178 million at year-end 2020, a decrease of 307 million, or 4.3 . Excluding 74.4 million and 331.6 million of PPP loans at December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively, loans outstanding at December 31, 2021 were 6,797 million, a decrease of 49 million, or 0.7 , compared to 6,846 million at December 31, 2020. 
 
 The table below reports year-end loan balances by type of loan for the past three years. 
 
 Table 14 - Loans by Type December 31 (In thousands) 2022 2021 2020 Commercial, financial and agricultural 1,300,933 1,298,626 1,588,989 Construction real estate 325,415 321,786 343,421 Residential real estate 1,796,871 1,738,707 1,813,044 Commercial real estate 1,794,054 1,801,792 1,748,189 Consumer 1,904,981 1,689,679 1,659,704 Leases 19,637 20,532 24,438 Total loans 7,141,891 6,871,122 7,177,785 PPP loans (1) 
 4,206 74,420 331,571 Total loans less PPP loans 7,137,685 6,796,702 6,846,214 
 (1) PPP loans are included in Commercial, financial and agricultural above. 
 
 On a combined basis, year-end commercial, financial and agricultural loans, construction real estate loans and commercial real estate loans decreased by 1.8 million, or 0.1 , in 2022. The decrease in 2022 was due to a decrease in commercial real estate loans of 7.7 million, which were partially offset by an increase in commercial, financial and agricultural loans of 2.3 million and an increase in construction real estate loans of 3.6 million. On a combined basis, year-end commercial, financial and agricultural loans, construction real estate loans and commercial real estate loans decreased by 258 million, or 7.0 , in 2021. The decrease in 2021 was due to a decrease in commercial, financial and agricultural loans of 290.4 million and a decrease in construction real estate loans of 21.6 million, which were partially offset by an increase in commercial real estate loans of 
 -52- 

53.6 million. Included within commercial, financial and agricultural loans were 4.2 million, 74.4 million and 331.6 million of PPP loans. Excluding 4.2 million, 74.4 million and 331.6 million of PPP loans at December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, commercial, financial and agricultural loans increased 72.5 million, or 5.9 , in 2022 and decreased 33 million, or 2.6 in 2021. 
 
 Consumer loans increased by 215.3 million, or 12.7 , in 2022 and increased 30.0 million, or 1.8 , in 2021. The increase in consumer loans in each of 2022 and 2021 was primarily due to an increase in automobile lending in Ohio. 
 
 Residential real estate loans increased by 58.2 million, or 3.3 , in 2022 and decreased by 74.3 million, or 4.1 , in 2021. The increase in 2022 was due to an increase in mortgage loans secured by residential real estate of 41.8 million, an increase in commercial loans secured by residential real estate of 16.4 million, and an increase in home equity loans secured by residential real estate of 1.5 million, partially offset by a decrease in installment loans secured by residential real estate of 1.6 million. 
 
 Leases decreased by 895,000 to 19.6 million in 2022, and decreased 3.9 million to 20.5 million in 2021. 
 
 The table below summarizes the distribution of maturities for loan segments as of December 31, 2022: 
 
 Table 15 - Loan Maturity Distribution One Year or Less (1) 
 Over One Through Five Years Over Five Through Fifteen Years Over Fifteen Years Total December 31, 2022 (In thousands) Commercial, financial and agricultural 304,912 751,751 146,815 97,455 1,300,933 Construction real estate 69,194 66,946 85,953 103,322 325,415 Residential real estate 49,832 180,006 809,857 757,176 1,796,871 Commercial real estate 56,331 355,898 729,526 652,299 1,794,054 Consumer 27,506 777,683 1,079,682 20,110 1,904,981 Leases 3,103 15,596 938 19,637 Total loans and leases 510,878 2,147,880 2,852,771 1,630,362 7,141,891 
 (1) Nonaccrual loans of 79.7 million are included within the one year or less classification above. 
 
 The table below summarizes the composition of the loan portfolio by fixed and adjustable rate as of December 31, 2022 that are contractually due after December 31, 2023: 
 
 Table 16 - Amounts Due After One Year (In thousands) Fixed Adjustable Total Commercial, financial and agricultural 458,364 537,657 996,021 Construction real estate 53,741 202,480 256,221 Residential real estate 647,283 1,099,756 1,747,039 Commercial real estate 474,398 1,263,325 1,737,723 Consumer 1,873,290 4,185 1,877,475 Leases 16,534 16,534 Total loans and leases 3,523,610 3,107,403 6,631,013 
 
 Investment Securities: Park s investment securities portfolio is structured to minimize credit risk, provide liquidity and contribute to earnings. As conditions change over time, Park s overall interest rate risk, liquidity needs and potential return on the investment portfolio will change. Management regularly evaluates the securities in the investment portfolio as circumstances evolve. Circumstances that could result in the sale of a security include: to better manage interest rate risk; to meet liquidity needs; or to improve the overall yield in the investment portfolio. 
 
 AFS debt securities are carried on the books at their estimated fair value with the unrealized holding gain or loss, net of income taxes, accounted for as accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income. The debt securities that are classified as AFS are free to be sold in future periods in carrying out Park s investment strategies. 
 
 -53- 

Beginning in 2021, Park began investing in the AAA and AA rated tranches of Collateralized Loan Obligations ("CLOs"). CLOs had a fair value as of December 31, 2022 of 516.5 million. Management closely monitors the credit status of these securities. At December 31, 2022 the market value over collateralization was greater than 119 for each CLO. The market value over collateralization is a measure of the overall CLO instrument and does not take into account tranche position, and our AAA or AA rated tranche is supported by subordinate tranches. 
 
 Average taxable debt investment securities were 1,475 million in 2022, compared to 1,060 million in 2021 and 858 million in 2020. The average yield on taxable debt investment securities was 2.44 in 2022, compared to 1.84 in 2021 and 2.31 in 2020. Average tax-exempt debt investment securities were 405 million in 2022, compared to 288 million in 2021 and 289 million in 2020. The average tax-equivalent yield on tax-exempt debt investment securities was 3.43 in 2022, compared to 3.65 in 2021 and 3.69 in 2020. 
 
 Total debt securities (at amortized cost) were 1,855 million at December 31, 2022, compared to 1,727 million at December 31, 2021 and compared to 1,008 million at December 31, 2020. Management purchased debt securities totaling 317 million in 2022, 954 million in 2021 and 354 million in 2020. Proceeds from repayments, redemptions and maturities of debt securities were 186 million in 2022, compared to 232 million in 2021 and 224 million in 2020. 
 
 There were no sales of AFS debt securities in 2022 or 2021. During 2020, Park sold certain AFS debt securities with a book value of 112.5 million at a gross loss of 64,000, and sold certain AFS debt securities with a book value of 196.4 million at a gross gain of 3.4 million. 
 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, the average tax-equivalent yield on the total investment portfolio was 2.66 , 2.22 and 2.66 , respectively. The weighted average remaining maturity of the total investment portfolio was 5.0 years at December 31, 2022, 4.8 years at December 31, 2021 and 3.5 years at December 31, 2020. Obligations of U.S. Government sponsored entities and U.S. Government sponsored entities' asset-backed securities were approximately 43.6 of the total investment portfolio at year-end 2022, 47.1 of the total investment portfolio at year-end 2021 and 66.9 of the total investment portfolio at year-end 2020. 
 
 Other investment securities (as shown on Park's Consolidated Balance Sheets) consist of restricted stock investments in the FHLB and the FRB and equity securities which include equity investments in limited partnerships which provide mezzanine funding. Total other investment securities were 87 million at December 31, 2022, compared to 61 million at December 31, 2021 and 65 million at December 31, 2020. Management purchased equity securities totaling 3.6 million in 2020. There were no equity security purchases in 2022 or 2021. There were no FRB stock purchases in 2022, 2021 or 2020. Proceeds from the redemption/repurchase of FHLB stock were 2.2 million in 2022, compared to 8.7 million in 2021 and 8.0 million in 2020. 
 
 "Gain on equity securities, net" on Park's Consolidated Statements of Income were 3.0 million, 5.0 million and 2.2 million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. These gains on equity securities were made up of gains (losses) on equity investments carried at fair value as well as gains on equity investments carried at NAV. 
 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, 601,000, 552,000 and (239,000), respectively, of gains (losses) on equity investments carried at fair value were recorded within "Gain on equity securities, net" on Park's Consolidated Statements of Income. 
 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, 2.4 million, 4.5 million and 2.4 million, respectively, of gains on equity investments carried at NAV were recorded within "Gain on equity securities, net" on Park's Consolidated Statements of Income. 
 
 The average maturity of the investment portfolio would lengthen if long-term interest rates were to increase as principal repayments from mortgage-backed securities and CMOs would decrease and callable securities would price to their maturity dates. At year-end 2022, management estimated that the average maturity of the investment portfolio would lengthen to 5.1 years with a 100 basis point increase in long-term interest rates and would lengthen to 5.7 years with a 200 basis point increase in long-term interest rates. Likewise, the average maturity of the investment portfolio would shorten if long-term interest rates were to decrease as the principal repayments from mortgage-backed securities and CMOs would increase and callable securities would price to their call dates. At year-end 2022, management estimated that the average maturity of the investment portfolio would decrease to 4.6 years with a 100 basis point decrease in long-term interest rates and to 4.4 years with a 200 basis point decrease in long-term interest rates. 
 
 -54- 

The table below sets forth the carrying value of investment securities, as well as the percentage held within each category at year-end 2022, 2021 and 2020: 
 
 Table 17 - Investment Securities December 31 (In thousands) 2022 2021 2020 Obligations of U.S. Government sponsored entities 37,213 Obligations of states and political subdivisions 406,711 389,591 305,218 U.S. Government sponsored entities' asset-backed securities 756,761 854,463 752,109 Collateralized loan obligations 516,539 498,674 Corporate debt securities 16,472 11,412 2,014 FHLB stock 11,197 13,413 22,090 FRB stock 14,653 14,653 14,653 Equities 61,241 33,202 28,722 Total 1,820,787 1,815,408 1,124,806 Investments by category as a percentage of total investment securities 
 Obligations of U.S. Government sponsored entities 2.0 Obligations of states and political subdivisions 22.3 21.5 27.1 U.S. Government sponsored entities' asset-backed securities 41.6 47.1 66.9 Collateralized loan obligations 28.4 27.5 Corporate debt securities 0.9 0.6 0.2 FHLB stock 0.6 0.7 2.0 FRB stock 0.8 0.8 1.2 Equities 3.4 1.8 2.6 Total 100.0 100.0 100.0 
 
 The carrying value of investments in debt securities at December 31, 2022, is shown in the following table by contractual maturity, except for asset-backed securities and collateralized loan obligations, which are shown as a single total, due to the unpredictability of the timing in principal repayments. Expected maturities may differ from contractual maturities if borrowers have the right to call or prepay obligations with or without call or prepayment penalties. 
 
 Table 18 - Investment Maturity Distribution Over One Through Five Years Over Five Through Ten Years Over Ten Years Total December 31, 2022 (In thousands) Corporate debt securities 16,472 16,472 Obligations of U.S. Government sponsored entities 37,213 37,213 Obligations of states and political subdivisions 2,278 271,658 132,775 406,711 Total 39,491 288,130 132,775 460,396 U.S. Government sponsored entities' asset-backed securities 756,761 Collateralized loan obligations 516,539 

ANALYSIS OF EARNINGS 
 
 Net Interest Income: Park s principal source of earnings is net interest income, the difference between total interest income and total interest expense. Net interest income results from average balances outstanding for interest earning assets and interest bearing liabilities in conjunction with the average rates earned and paid on them. (See the table below for three years of history on the average balances of the balance sheet categories as well as the average rates earned on interest earning assets and the average rates paid on interest bearing liabilities.) 
 -55- 

Table 19 - Distribution of Assets, Liabilities and Shareholders' Equity December 31, 2022 2021 2020 (In thousands) Daily Average Interest Average Rate Daily Average Interest Average Rate Daily Average Interest Average Rate ASSETS Loans (1)(2) 
 6,955,674 323,734 4.65 7,014,517 317,912 4.53 6,990,458 329,350 4.71 Taxable investment securities 1,474,659 36,047 2.44 1,059,809 19,458 1.84 857,752 19,818 2.31 Tax-exempt investment securities (3) 
 404,788 13,878 3.43 288,300 10,514 3.65 289,366 10,679 3.69 Money market instruments 392,256 8,129 2.07 665,714 880 0.13 280,952 739 0.26 Total interest earning assets 9,227,377 381,788 4.14 9,028,340 348,764 3.86 8,418,528 360,586 4.28 Non-interest earning assets: Allowance for credit losses (81,736) (87,233) (71,221) Cash and due from banks 157,295 139,678 127,214 Premises and equipment, net 86,322 89,758 81,357 Other assets 654,950 676,915 685,755 TOTAL 10,044,208 9,847,458 9,241,633 LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY Interest bearing liabilities: Transaction accounts 1,932,752 6,880 0.36 1,550,138 357 0.02 1,687,417 3,582 0.21 Savings deposits 2,771,016 10,766 0.39 2,924,504 1,238 0.04 2,556,475 5,560 0.22 Time deposits 653,041 3,314 0.51 774,825 4,711 0.61 994,255 12,186 1.23 Total interest bearing deposits 5,356,809 20,960 0.39 5,249,467 6,306 0.12 5,238,147 21,328 0.41 Federal funds purchased 68 1 0.95 68 0.10 1,872 2 0.12 Repurchase agreements 199,813 1,134 0.57 261,967 95 0.04 250,265 472 0.19 Short-term borrowings 7,195 260 3.62 25,025 672 2.69 26,750 636 2.38 Long-term debt (4) 
 188,439 8,833 4.69 205,883 8,887 4.32 215,645 7,652 3.55 Total interest bearing liabilities 5,752,324 31,188 0.54 5,742,410 15,960 0.28 5,732,679 30,090 0.52 
 -56- 

Table 19 - Distribution of Assets, Liabilities and Shareholders' Equity-continued December 31, 2022 2021 2020 (In thousands) Daily Average Interest Average Rate Daily Average Interest Average Rate Daily Average Interest Average Rate Non-interest bearing liabilities: Demand deposits 3,093,019 2,937,035 2,394,717 Other 121,986 102,553 105,135 Total non-interest bearing liabilities 3,215,005 3,039,588 2,499,852 Shareholders' equity 1,076,879 1,065,460 1,009,102 TOTAL 10,044,208 9,847,458 9,241,633 Tax equivalent net interest income 350,600 332,804 330,496 Net interest spread 3.60 3.58 3.76 Net yield on interest earning assets (net interest margin) 3.80 3.69 3.93 
 (1) Loan income includes net loan-related fee (expense) income, purchase accounting accretion and origination expense in the aggregate amount of (5.5) million in 2022, 11.1 million in 2021 and 12.9 million in 2020. Loan income also includes the effects of taxable equivalent adjustments using a 21 federal corporate income tax rate in 2022, 2021 and 2020. The taxable equivalent adjustments were 627,000 in 2022, 704,000 in 2021 and 623,000 in 2020. 
 (2) For the purpose of the computation for loans, nonaccrual loans are included in the daily average loans outstanding. 
 (3) Interest income on tax-exempt investment securities includes the effects of taxable equivalent adjustments using a 21 federal corporate income tax rate in 2022, 2021 and 2020. The taxable equivalent adjustments were 2.9 million in 2022, 2.2 million in 2021 and 2.2 million in 2020. 
 (4) Includes subordinated notes. 
 
 Average interest earning assets for 2022 increased by 199 million, or 2.2 to 9,227 million, compared to 9,028 million for 2021. Average interest earning assets for 2021 increased by 610 million, or 7.2 , to 9,028 million, compared to 8,419 million for 2020. The average yield on interest earning assets increased by 28 basis points to 4.14 for 2022, compared to 3.86 for 2021, and was 4.28 for 2020. 
 
 Interest income for 2022, 2021, and 2020 included 3.7 million, 8.0 million and 453,000, respectively, related to payments received on certain SEPH nonaccrual loan relationships, some of which are participated with PNB as well as 1.8 million, 3.3 million and 4.4 million of purchase accounting accretion for 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Interest income for 2022, 2021 and 2020 included 3.1 million, 18.0 million and 16.7 million, respectively, of income related to PPP loans. Excluding the impact of the purchase accounting accretion, SEPH income, and PPP income, the average yield on loans was 4.55 , 4.27 and 4.63 , for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, the average yield on earning assets was 4.06 , 3.64 and 4.20 , for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, and the net interest margin was 3.72 , 3.46 and 3.82 , for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 Average interest bearing liabilities for 2022 increased by 10 million, or 0.2 , to 5,752 million, compared to 5,742 million for 2021. Average interest bearing liabilities for 2021 increased by 10 million, or 0.2 , to 5,742 million, compared to 5,733 million for 2020. The average cost of interest bearing liabilities increased by 26 basis points to 0.54 for 2022, compared to 0.28 for 2021, and was 0.52 for 2020. 
 -57- 

The table below shows for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, the average balance and tax equivalent yield by type of loan. 
 
 Table 20 - Average Loans and Tax Equivalent Yield Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 (Dollars in thousands) Average balance Tax equivalent yield Average balance Tax equivalent yield Average balance Tax equivalent yield Home equity 163,388 5.03 168,708 3.71 205,492 4.04 Installment loans 1,818,778 4.74 1,688,966 4.80 1,548,059 5.17 Real estate loans 1,145,989 3.81 1,176,885 3.73 1,268,181 4.11 Commercial loans (1) 
 3,823,481 4.85 3,977,165 4.69 3,964,853 4.75 Other 4,038 8.47 2,793 12.07 3,873 10.71 Total loans and leases before allowance for credit losses 6,955,674 4.65 7,014,517 4.53 6,990,458 4.71 
 (1) Commercial loan interest income includes the effects of taxable equivalent adjustments using a 21 federal corporate income tax rate in 2022, 2021 and 2020. The taxable equivalent adjustments were 627,000 in 2022, 704,000 in 2021 and 623,000 in 2020. 
 
 Loan interest income for 2022, 2021, and 2020 included 3.7 million, 8.0 million and 453,000, respectively, related to payments received on certain SEPH nonaccrual loan relationships, some of which are participated with PNB, as well as 1.8 million, 3.3 million and 4.4 million of purchase accounting accretion for 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Interest income for 2022, 2021 and 2020 included 3.1 million, 18.0 million and 16.7 million, respectively, of income related to PPP loans. Below is a summary of the impact of these items on the tax equivalent yield of loans. 
 
 The amount of interest related to SEPH nonaccrual loan relationships and purchase accounting accretion included in home equity loan interest income for 2022, 2021 and 2020 was 173,000, 479,000 and 395,000, respectively. Excluding the impact of these items, the average tax equivalent yield on home equity loans was 4.93 , 3.41 and 3.83 , respectively. 
 The amount of interest related to SEPH nonaccrual loan relationships and purchase accounting accretion included in real estate loan interest income for 2022, 2021 and 2020 was 170,000, 243,000 and 391,000, respectively. Excluding the impact of these items, the average tax equivalent yield on real estate loans was 3.80 , 3.71 and 4.08 , respectively. 
 The amount of interest related to PPP income, SEPH nonaccrual loan relationships and purchase accounting accretion included in commercial loan interest income for 2022, 2021, and 2020 was 8.2 million, 28.5 million and 19.9 million, respectively. Excluding the impact of these items, the average tax equivalent yield on commercial loans was 4.66 , 4.24 and 4.66 , for 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. 
 Excluding the impact of interest related to PPP income, SEPH nonaccrual loan relationships and purchase accounting accretion, the average tax equivalent yield on total loans and leases was 4.55 , 4.27 and 4.63 , for 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. 
 
 The table below shows for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, the average balance and cost of funds by type of deposit. 
 
 Table 21 - Average Deposits and Cost of Funds Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 (Dollars in thousands) Average balance Cost of funds Average balance Cost of funds Average balance Cost of funds Transaction accounts 1,932,752 0.36 1,550,138 0.02 1,687,417 0.21 Savings deposits and clubs 2,771,016 0.39 2,924,504 0.04 2,556,475 0.22 Time deposits (1) 
 653,041 0.51 774,825 0.61 994,255 1.23 Total interest bearing deposits (1) 
 5,356,809 0.39 5,249,467 0.12 5,238,147 0.41 
 (1) Time deposit interest expense for 2022, 2021 and 2020 benefited from 7,000, 46,000 and 226,000, respectively, of purchase accounting accretion related to the acquisitions of NewDominion and Carolina Alliance. Excluding the impact of this accretion, the average cost of funds on time deposits for 2022, 2021 and 2020 was 0.51 , 0.61 and 1.25 , respectively, and the average cost of funds on total interest bearing deposits for 2022, 2021 and 2020 was 0.39 , 0.12 and 0.41 , respectively. 
 
 -58- 

The following table displays (for each quarter of 2022) the average balance of interest earning assets, the net interest income and the tax equivalent net interest income and net interest margin. 
 
 Table 22 - Quarterly Net Interest Margin (In thousands) Average Interest Earning Assets Net Interest Income (1) 
 Tax Equivalent Net Interest Income (1) 
 Tax Equivalent Net Interest Margin (1) 
 First Quarter 8,959,109 77,686 78,505 3.55 Second Quarter 8,857,089 83,939 84,811 3.84 Third Quarter 9,565,710 90,828 91,760 3.81 Fourth Quarter 9,517,746 94,606 95,524 3.98 2022 9,227,377 347,059 350,600 3.80 
 (1) Net interest income for the first, second, third and fourth quarters of 2022 included 42,000, 2.3 million, 649,000 and 707,000, respectively, related to payments received on certain SEPH nonaccrual loan relationships, some of which are participated with PNB. Net interest income for the first, second, third, and fourth quarters of 2022 included 480,000, 547,000, 495,000 and 258,000, respectively, of purchase accounting accretion related to the acquisitions of NewDominion and Carolina Alliance. Net interest income for the first, second, third, and fourth quarters of 2022 included 1.6 million, 1.0 million, 361,000 and 78,000, respectively, related to PPP loans. Excluding the impact of these loan payments and accretion, the tax equivalent net interest margin was 3.48 , 3.68 , 3.75 , and 3.94 , for the first, second, third, and fourth quarters of 2022, respectively, and 3.72 for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 In the following table, the change in tax equivalent interest due to both volume and rate has been allocated to volume and rate changes in proportion to the relationship of the absolute dollar amounts of the change in each. 
 Table 23 - Volume/Rate Variance Analysis Change from 2021 to 2022 Change from 2020 to 2021 (In thousands) Volume Rate Total Volume Rate Total Increase (decrease) in: Interest income: Total loans (2,666) 8,488 5,822 1,134 (12,572) (11,438) Taxable investments 7,617 8,972 16,589 4,668 (5,028) (360) Tax-exempt investments 4,248 (884) 3,364 (39) (126) (165) Money market instruments (361) 7,610 7,249 1,014 (873) 141 Total interest income 8,838 24,186 33,024 6,777 (18,599) (11,822) Interest expense: Transaction accounts 88 6,435 6,523 (291) (2,934) (3,225) Savings accounts (65) 9,593 9,528 800 (5,122) (4,322) Time deposits (741) (656) (1,397) (2,690) (4,785) (7,475) Short-term borrowings (214) 842 628 33 (376) (343) Long-term debt (753) 699 (54) (346) 1,581 1,235 Total interest expense (1,685) 16,913 15,228 (2,494) (11,636) (14,130) Net variance 10,523 7,273 17,796 9,271 (6,963) 2,308 

-59- 

Other Income: Other income was 135.9 million for 2022, compared to 129.9 million for 2021 and 125.7 million for 2020. 
 
 The following table displays total other income for Park in 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 
 Table 24 - Other Income Year Ended December 31, (In thousands) 2022 2021 2020 Income from fiduciary activities 34,091 34,449 28,873 Service charges on deposit accounts 10,091 8,832 8,445 Other service income 15,295 29,812 37,611 Debit card fee income 26,046 25,865 22,160 Bank owned life insurance income 6,100 4,897 4,789 ATM fees 2,273 2,379 1,773 Gain (loss) on the sale of OREO, net 5,611 (4) 1,207 OREO valuation markup 12,039 64 105 Net gain on the sale of debt securities 3,286 Gain on equity securities, net 2,955 5,011 2,182 Other components of net periodic benefit income 12,108 8,152 7,952 Miscellaneous 9,326 10,487 7,281 Total other income 135,935 129,944 125,664 
 
 Income from fiduciary activities decreased by 358,000, or 1.0 , to 34.1 million in 2022, compared to 34.4 million in 2021. The 34.4 million was an increase of 5.6 million, or 19.3 , compared to 28.9 million in 2020. The majority of fiduciary fees are calculated on a lag, based on the market value of the assets under management. The average market value of the trust assets managed by PNB was 7.22 billion in 2022, compared to 7.45 billion in 2021, compared to 6.17 billion in 2020. The decrease in fiduciary fee income in 2022 was primarily related to the decline in equity market values during the year. The increase in fiduciary fee income in 2021 was primarily due to improvements in equity market values and also due to an increase in the total account balances serviced by PNB s Trust Department. 
 
 Service charges on deposit accounts increased 1.3 million, or 14.3 , to 10.1 million in 2022, compared to 8.8 million in 2021 and increased by 387,000, or 4.6 , in 2021, compared to 8.4 million in 2020. The increases in 2022 and 2021 were related to increases in non-sufficient funds (NSF) fee income and service charges on demand deposit accounts. Total NSF charges increased 851,000, or 16.2 , from 5.2 million in 2021 to 6.1 million in 2022, and increased by 245,000, or 4.9 , in 2021, compared to 5.0 million in 2020. Service charges on demand deposit accounts increased 365,000, or 11.9 , to 3.4 million in 2022, compared to 3.1 million in 2021 and increased by 154,000, or 5.3 , compared to 2.9 million in 2020. 
 
 Other service income decreased 14.5 million, or 48.7 , to 15.3 million in 2022, compared to 29.8 million in 2021, and decreased 7.8 million, or 20.7 , in 2021 compared to 37.6 million in 2020. The decrease in 2022 compared to 2021 was primarily related to a decrease in other service income related to mortgage loan originations, including a 13.8 million decrease in fee income related to a 395.2 million decrease in mortgage loan originations to be sold in the secondary market and a 2.6 million decrease in mortgage servicing rights income, partially offset by a 1.4 million increase in income related to investor rate locks and loans held for sale. The decrease in 2021 compared to 2020 was primarily related to a decrease in other service income related to mortgage loan originations, including a 6.4 million decrease in fee income related to a 457.3 million decrease in mortgage loan originations to be sold in the secondary market and a 3.7 million decrease in income related to investor rate locks and loans held for sale, partially offset by a 1.2 million increase in mortgage investor fees and a 927,000 increase in mortgage servicing rights income. 
 
 Debit card fee income,which is generated from debit card transactions, increased 181,000, or 0.7 , to 26.0 million in 2022, compared to 25.9 million in 2021, and increased by 3.7 million, or 16.7 , in 2021, compared to 22.2 million in 2020. The increase in 2021 was attributable to continued increases in the volume of debit card transactions, which increased 10.0 in 2021 from 2020, and increases in total sale dollars of debit card transactions, which increased 17.1 in 2021 from 2020. Park continues to focus on deposit offerings that provide incentives for our customers to use their debit card. 

-60- 

Bank owned life insurance income increased 1.2 million, or 24.6 , to 6.1 million in 2022, compared to 4.9 million in 2021, and increased by 108,000, or 2.3 , in 2021, compared to 4.8 million in 2020. The increase in 2022 related to an increase in death benefit income of 1.4 million recognized in 2022, compared to 440,000 in 2021, and 65,000 in 2020. 
 
 Gain (loss) on the sale of OREO, net, reflected a gain of 5.6 million in 2022, an increase of 5.6 million, compared to net loss of 4,000 in 2021, and the net loss of 4,000 in 2021 reflected a decrease of 1.2 million, compared to a net gain of 1.2 million in 2020. A 5.6 million gain on the sale of OREO, net, was recognized during 2022 and related to former Vision Bank relationships. A 1.2 million gain on the sale of two OREO properties was recognized during 2020, one of which was participated to PNB from SEPH. 
 
 OREO valuation markup income increased by 12.0 million to 12.0 million in 2022, compared to 64,000 in 2021, and decreased by 41,000 in 2021, compared to 105,000 in 2020. The 12.0 million OREO valuation markup during 2022 related to the foreclosure of a property collateralizing a former Vision Bank relationship. This property was subsequently sold during 2022. 
 
 During 2020, Park sold certain AFS debt securities with a book value of 112.5 million at a gross loss of 64,000, and sold certain AFS debt securities with a book value of 196.4 million at a gross gain of 3.4 million. No debt securities were sold in 2022 or 2021. 
 
 During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, 601,000, 552,000 and (239,000), respectively, of gains (losses) on equity investments carried at fair value were recorded within "Gain on equity securities, net" on Park's Consolidated Statements of Income. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, 2.4 million, 4.5 million and 2.4 million, respectively, of gains on equity investments carried at NAV were recorded within "Gain on equity securities, net" on Park's Consolidated Statements of Income. 
 
 Other components of net periodic pension benefit income increased by 3.9 million, or 48.5 , to 12.1 million in 2022, compared to 8.2 million in 2021, and increased 200,000, or 2.5 , to 8.2 million in 2021, compared to 8.0 million in 2020. The increases in 2022 and 2021 were largely due to an increase in the expected return on plan assets as a result of the increased value of plan assets as well as a decrease in the amortization of unrecognized net actuarial losses in 2022. 
 
 Miscellaneous income decreased by 1.2 million, or 11.1 , to 9.3 million in 2022, compared to 10.5 million in 2021, and increased 3.2 million, or 44.0 , to 10.5 million in 2021, compared to 7.3 million in 2020. The decrease in 2022 was primarily the result of decreases in brokerage income, operating lease rental income, wire transfer fees, and an increase in OREO devaluations, partially offset by gains on the sale of loans and assets, a decrease in repossessed asset devaluations, and an increase in fees earned on off-balance sheet deposit accounts. The increase in 2021 was primarily related to refunds of a consumer insurance product, an increase in income from printed check sales and an increase in gain on the sale of assets. 
 
 -61- 

Other Expense: Other expense was 298.0 million in 2022, compared to 283.5 million in 2021 and 286.6 million in 2020. Other expense increased by 14.5 million, or 5.1 , in 2022 and decreased by 3.1 million, or 1.1 in 2021. The following table displays total other expense for Park for 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 
 Table 25 - Other Expense Year Ended December 31, (In thousands) 2022 2021 2020 Salaries 133,299 125,585 128,040 Employee benefits 40,490 41,603 37,115 Occupancy expense 13,866 13,039 13,802 Furniture and equipment expense 11,901 10,887 18,805 Data processing fees 32,627 30,539 11,659 Professional fees and services 30,837 27,450 31,303 Marketing 5,335 6,073 5,828 Insurance 5,413 5,917 6,423 Communication 3,891 3,539 4,084 State tax expense 4,585 4,255 3,991 Amortization of intangible assets 1,487 1,798 2,263 FHLB prepayment penalty 10,529 Foundation contributions 4,000 4,000 3,000 Miscellaneous 10,247 8,833 9,753 Total other expense 297,978 283,518 286,595 Full-time equivalent employees 1,725 1,685 1,755 
 
 Salaries expense increased by 7.7 million, or 6.1 , to 133.3 million in 2022, compared to 125.6 million in 2021, and decreased by 2.5 million, or 1.9 , in 2021 compared to 128.0 million in 2020. The increase in 2022 was due to an increase in salaries expense of 7.6 million, a 297,000 increase in expense related to the vacation accrual, and a 565,000 reduction in deferred salary costs, partially offset by a 466,000 decrease in share-based compensation expenses related to PBRSU and TBRSU awards granted under the 2017 Employee LTIP. The decrease in 2021 was due to a 4.2 million decrease in salary expense, primarily related to a 3.2 million decrease in severance and restructuring related expense, a 1.1 million decrease in expense related to the vacation accrual and a 1.0 million decrease in additional compensation expense, partially offset by a 3.3 million increase in incentive compensation expense and a 347,000 increase in share-based compensation expenses related to PBRSU awards granted under the Park 2013 Incentive Plan ("the 2013 Incentive Plan") (prior to 2017) and both PBRSU and TBRSU awards granted under the 2017 Employee LTIP. 
 
 Park had 1,725 full-time equivalent employees at year-end 2022, compared to 1,685 full-time equivalent employees at year-end 2021 and 1,755 full-time equivalent employees at year-end 2020. 
 
 Employee benefits expense decreased 1.1 million, or 2.7 , to 40.5 million in 2022, compared to 41.6 million in 2021, and increased 4.5 million, or 12.1 , in 2021 compared to 37.1 million in 2020. The decrease in 2022 was due to a 2.2 million decrease in group insurance costs, partially offset by an 826,000 increase in payroll tax expense and a 358,000 increase in the KSOP match. The increase in 2021 was due to a 2.7 million increase in group insurance costs, a 1.6 million increase in pension plan expense and a 693,000 increase in payroll tax expense, partially offset by a 496,000 decrease in miscellaneous employee benefits. 
 
 Occupancy expense increased 827,000, or 6.3 , to 13.9 million in 2022, compared to 13.0 million in 2021, and decreased by 763,000, or 5.5 , in 2021 compared to 13.8 million in 2020. The 827,000 increase in 2022 was primarily the result of a 760,000 write-down in the right-of-use lease asset related to an office relocation and an increase in utilities expense, partially offset by a decrease in maintenance and repair expenses and a decline in real estate tax expense. The 763,000 decrease in 2021 was primarily the result of decreased lease expense, which was mainly the result of the closure of some leased branches in 2020. 
 
 Furniture and equipment expense increased 1.0 million, or 9.3 , to 11.9 million in 2022, compared to 10.9 million in 2021, and decreased 7.9 million, or 42.1 , in 2021 compared to 18.8 million in 2020. The increase in 2022 was primarily related to 
 -62- 

increased depreciation expense and increased expenses related to repairs and maintenance on equipment. The decrease in 2021 was primarily related to a change in the classification under which software and related maintenance costs are expensed, which are now classified under data processing fees, partially offset by increases in depreciation of furniture and equipment. 
 
 Data processing fees increased by 2.1 million, or 6.8 , to 32.6 million in 2022, compared to 30.5 million in 2021, and increased 18.9 million, or 161.9 , in 2021 compared to 11.7 million in 2020. The increase in 2022 primarily related to an increase in software expenses of 2.4 million, partially offset by a decrease in debit card processing costs of 277,000. The increase in 2021 was related to increased other data processing and software costs, partially due to the previously mentioned change in classification from furniture and equipment expense and a change in expensing software costs from other fees within professional fees and services to data processing fees. The increase was also impacted by changes in debit card processing costs, which increased 832,000. Overall data processing and software costs across all line items, excluding debit card processing costs, increased 2.3 million in 2021. 
 
 Professional fees and services increased 3.4 million, or 12.3 , to 30.8 million, compared to 27.5 million for 2021, and decreased by 3.9 million, or 12.3 , in 2021 compared to 31.3 million in 2020. This subcategory of total other expense includes legal fees, management consulting fees, directors' fees, audit fees, regulatory examination fees and memberships in industry associations. The 3.4 million increase in 2022 related to an increase in management consulting fees, as well as increases in recruiting fees, vendor single interest insurance costs and fees related to off balance sheet deposit accounts. The decrease in professional fees and services expense in 2021 was primarily due to decreases in other fees (due to the change in expensing software costs under data processing fees), credit monitoring costs and title and appraisal costs, partially offset an increase in legal fees. 
 
 Marketing expense decreased by 738,000, or 12.2 , to 5.3 million, compared to 6.1 million in 2021, and increased by 245,000, or 4.2 , in 2021 compared to 5.8 million in 2020. The 738,000 decrease in 2022 was primarily due to a decline in advertising expense. The 245,000 increase in 2021 primarily related to increased community donations expense, partially offset by a decline in advertising expense. 
 
 Insurance expense decreased by 504,000, or 8.5 , to 5.4 million, compared to 5.9 million in 2021, and decreased by 506,000, or 7.9 , in 2021 compared to 6.4 million in 2020. The decreases in 2022 and 2021 related to a decrease in FDIC assessments. 
 
 On February 18, 2020, Park prepaid 50 million of FHLB advances, incurring a 1.8 million prepayment penalty. These advances had an average interest rate of 3.01 and maturity dates of March 14, 2022 and September 15, 2022. On December 3, 2020, Park prepaid 100 million of FHLB advances, incurring an 8.7 million prepayment penalty. These advances had an interest rate of 3.40 and a maturity date of December 1, 2023. There were no FHLB prepayment penalties paid in 2021 or 2022. 
 
 The subcategory "Miscellaneous" other expense includes expenses for supplies, travel, and other miscellaneous expense. The subcategory Miscellaneous other expense increased by 1.4 million, or 16.0 , to 10.2 million in 2022, compared to 8.8 million in 2021. The 8.8 million in 2021 was a decrease of 920,000, or 9.4 , compared to 9.8 million in 2020. The increase in 2022 related to increases in training and travel related expenses and an increase in the provision for unfunded credit losses, partially offset by a decrease in operating lease depreciation. The decrease in 2021 was primarily related to a decrease in supply expense, operating lease depreciation, OREO expense and training and travel related expenses, partially offset by an increase in non-loan related losses. 
 
 -63- 

Efficiency Ratio: The following table details the calculation of the efficiency ratio for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020. 
 
 Table 26- Efficiency ratio (1) 
 Year Ended December 31, (In thousands) 2022 2021 2020 Net interest income 347,059 329,893 327,630 Add: Tax equivalent adjustment (2) 
 3,541 2,911 2,866 Net interest income - Fully tax equivalent 350,600 332,804 330,496 Total other income 135,935 129,944 125,664 Total other expense 297,978 283,518 286,595 Efficiency ratio 61.24 61.27 62.83 (1) Calculated by dividing "Total other expense" by the sum of fully-tax equivalent net interest income and "Total other income." (2) The tax equivalent adjustment to net interest income was calculated assuming a 21 corporate federal income tax rate for 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 
 Items Impacting Comparability: From time to time, revenue, expenses, and/or taxes are impacted by items judged by management of Park to be outside of ordinary banking activities and/or by items that, while they may be associated with ordinary banking activities, are so unusually large that their outsized impact is believed by management of Park at that time to be infrequent or short-term in nature. Most often, these items impacting comparability of period results relate to merger and acquisition activities and revenue and expenses related to former Vision Bank loan relationships. In other cases, they may result from management's decisions associated with significant corporate actions outside of the ordinary course of business. 
 
 The following table details those items which management believes impacts the comparability of current and prior period amounts. 
 
 Table 27 - Items impacting comparability Year Ended December 31, (In thousands, except share and per share data) 2022 2021 2020 Affected Line Item Net interest income 347,059 329,893 327,630 less purchase accounting accretion related to NewDominion and Carolina Alliance acquisitions 1,773 3,257 4,443 Interest and fees on loans less purchase accounting accretion related to NewDominion and Carolina Alliance acquisitions 7 46 226 Interest on deposits less interest income on former Vision Bank relationships 3,703 7,985 453 Interest and fees on loans Net interest income - adjusted 341,576 318,605 322,508 Provision for (recovery of) credit losses 4,557 (11,916) 12,054 less recoveries on former Vision Bank relationships (1,319) (3,169) (21,982) Provision for (recovery of) credit losses Provision for (recovery of) credit losses - adjusted 5,876 (8,747) 34,036 Total other income 135,935 129,944 125,664 less net gain on sale of former Vision Bank OREO properties 5,607 1,208 Gain (loss) on the sale of OREO, net less other service income related to former Vision Bank relationships 788 525 590 Other service income less Vision related OREO valuation markup 12,009 OREO valuation markup less net gain (loss) on the sale of debt securities in the ordinary course of business 3,286 Net gain on the sale of debt securities Total other income - adjusted 117,531 129,419 120,580 
 -64- 

Table 27 - Items impacting comparability (continued) Year Ended December 31, (In thousands, except share and per share data) 2022 2021 2020 Affected Line Item Total other expense 297,978 283,518 286,595 less core deposit intangible amortization related to NewDominion and Carolina Alliance acquisitions 1,487 1,798 2,263 Amortization of intangible assets less Foundation contributions 4,000 4,000 3,000 Foundation contributions less management and consulting expenses related to collection of payments on former Vision Bank loan relationships 1,761 1,361 2,383 Professional fees and services less severance and restructuring charges 3,596 Salaries less severance and restructuring charges 847 Employee benefits less FHLB prepayment penalty 10,529 FHLB prepayment penalty Total other expense - adjusted 290,730 276,359 263,977 Tax effect of adjustments to net income identified above (9) 
 (3,771) (1,643) (2,010) Net income - reported 148,351 153,945 127,923 Net income - adjusted (8) 
 134,164 147,765 120,363 Diluted earnings per common share 9.06 9.37 7.80 Diluted earnings per common share, adjusted (8) 8.20 9.00 7.34 Return on average assets (1)(2) 1.48 1.56 1.38 Return on average assets, adjusted (1)(2)(8) 
 1.34 1.50 1.30 Return on average tangible assets (1)(2)(5) 1.50 1.59 1.41 Return on average tangible assets, adjusted (1)(2)(5)(8) 1.36 1.53 1.33 Return on average shareholders' equity (1)(2) 13.78 14.45 12.68 Return on average shareholders' equity, adjusted (1)(2)(8) 12.46 13.87 11.93 Return on average tangible equity (1)(2)(3) 16.29 17.15 15.25 Return on average tangible equity, adjusted (1)(2)(3)(8) 14.73 16.46 14.34 Efficiency ratio (7) 61.24 61.27 62.83 Efficiency ratio, adjusted (7)(8) 62.84 61.29 59.19 Net interest margin (7) 3.80 3.69 3.93 Net interest margin, adjusted (7)(8) 3.74 3.56 3.86 
 
 -65- 

Table 27 - Items impacting comparability (continued) Financial Reconciliations (1) Reported measure uses net income. (2) Averages are for the years ended December 31, 2022, December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020, as appropriate. (3) Net income for each period divided by average tangible equity during the period. Average tangible equity equals average shareholders' equity during the applicable period less average goodwill and other intangible assets during the applicable period. RECONCILIATION OF AVERAGE SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY TO AVERAGE TANGIBLE EQUITY: Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 AVERAGE SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY 1,076,879 1,065,460 1,009,102 Less: Average goodwill and other intangible assets 166,337 167,993 170,031 AVERAGE TANGIBLE EQUITY 910,542 897,467 839,071 (4) Tangible equity divided by common shares outstanding at period end. Tangible equity equals total shareholders' equity less goodwill and other intangible assets, in each case at the end of the period. RECONCILIATION OF TOTAL SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY TO TANGIBLE EQUITY: Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 TOTAL SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY 1,069,226 1,110,759 1,040,256 Less: Goodwill and other intangible assets 165,570 167,057 168,855 TANGIBLE EQUITY 903,656 943,702 871,401 (5) Net income for each period divided by average tangible assets during the period. Average tangible assets equal average assets less average goodwill and other intangible assets, in each case during the applicable period. RECONCILIATION OF AVERAGE ASSETS TO AVERAGE TANGIBLE ASSETS Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 AVERAGE ASSETS 10,044,208 9,847,458 9,241,633 Less: Average goodwill and other intangible assets 166,337 167,993 170,031 AVERAGE TANGIBLE ASSETS 9,877,871 9,679,465 9,071,602 (6) Tangible equity divided by tangible assets. Tangible assets equal total assets less goodwill and other intangible assets, in each case at the end of the period. RECONCILIATION OF TOTAL ASSETS TO TANGIBLE ASSETS: Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 TOTAL ASSETS 9,854,993 9,560,254 9,279,021 Less: Goodwill and other intangible assets 165,570 167,057 168,855 TANGIBLE ASSETS 9,689,423 9,393,197 9,110,166 (7) Efficiency ratio is calculated by dividing total other expense by the sum of fully taxable equivalent net interest income and other income. Fully taxable equivalent net interest income reconciliation is shown assuming a 21 corporate federal income tax rate. Additionally, net interest margin is calculated on a fully taxable equivalent basis by dividing fully taxable equivalent net interest income by average interest earning assets, in each case during the applicable period. RECONCILIATION OF FULLY TAXABLE EQUIVALENT NET INTEREST INCOME TO NET INTEREST INCOME Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Interest income 378,247 345,853 357,720 FTE adjustment 3,541 2,911 2,866 FTE interest income 381,788 348,764 360,586 Interest expense 31,188 15,960 30,090 FTE net interest income 350,600 332,804 330,496 
 -66- 

(8) Adjustments to net income for each period presented are detailed in the non-GAAP reconciliations of net interest income, provision for (recovery of) credit losses, total other income, and total other expense and income taxes. (9) The tax effect of adjustments to net income was calculated assuming a 21 federal corporate income tax rate. (10) Pre-tax, pre-provision ("PTPP") net income is calculated as net income, plus income taxes, plus the provision for (recovery of) credit losses, in each case during the applicable period. PTPP net income is a common industry metric utilized in capital analysis and review. PTPP is used to assess the operating performance of Park while excluding the impact of the provision for (recovery of) credit losses. RECONCILIATION OF PRE-TAX, PRE-PROVISION NET INCOME Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Net income 148,351 153,945 127,923 Plus: Income taxes 32,108 34,290 26,722 Plus: Provision for (recovery of) credit losses 4,557 (11,916) 12,054 Pre-tax, pre-provision net income 185,016 176,319 166,699 
 
 Income Taxes: 
 Income tax expense was 32.1 million in 2022 and consisted of federal income tax expense of 30.8 million and state income tax expense of 1.3 million. This compares to income tax expense of 34.3 million for 2021, which consisted of federal income tax expense of 33.2 million and state income tax expense of 1.1 million, and income tax expense of 26.7 million in 2020, which consisted of federal income tax expense of 25.6 million and state income tax expense of 1.1 million. The effective income tax rate was 17.8 in 2022, 18.2 in 2021 and 17.3 in 2020. 
 
 The difference between the statutory federal corporate income tax rate of 21 and Park s effective tax rate reflected permanent tax differences, primarily consisting of tax-exempt interest income from municipal investments and loans, qualified affordable housing and historical tax credits, bank owned life insurance income, and dividends paid on common shares held within Park s salary deferral plan, offset by the impact of state income taxes. Park's permanent federal tax differences were approximately 7.1 million in 2022, compared to 6.3 million for 2021. Park expects permanent federal tax differences for 2023 will be approximately 6.5 million. 

CREDIT METRICS AND PROVISION FOR (RECOVERY OF) CREDIT LOSSES 
 
 The provision for (recovery of) credit losses is the amount added to/subtracted from the allowance for credit losses to ensure the allowance is sufficient to absorb estimated credit losses over the life of a loan. The amount of the provision for (recovery of) credit losses is determined by management based on relevant information about past events, including historical credit loss experience on financial assets with similar risk characteristics, current conditions, and reasonable and supportable forecasts that affect the collectability of the remaining cash flows over the contractual term of the financial assets. 
 
 During the first quarter of 2021, Park adopted ASU 2016-13, including the CECL methodology for estimating the ACL. This standard was adopted prospectively on January 1, 2021, resulting in a 6.1 million increase to the ACL and a 3.9 million increase to the allowance for unfunded credit losses. A cumulative effect adjustment resulting in an 8.0 million decrease to retained earnings and a 2.1 million increase to deferred tax assets was also recorded as of the adoption of ASU 2016-13. 
 
 -67- 

The table below provides additional information on the provision for (recovery of) credits losses and the ACL for 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 
 Table 28 - ACL Activity (In thousands) 2022 2021 2020 ACL, beginning balance 83,197 85,675 56,679 Cumulative change in accounting principle; adoption of ASU 2016-13 6,090 Charge-offs 9,133 5,093 10,304 Recoveries (6,758) (8,441) (27,246) Net charge-offs (recoveries) 2,375 (3,348) (16,942) Provision for (recovery of) credit losses: 4,557 (11,916) 12,054 ACL, ending balance 85,379 83,197 85,675 Average loans 6,955,674 7,014,517 6,990,458 Net charge-offs (recoveries) as a percentage of average loans 0.03 (0.05) (0.24) 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, gross income of 4.8 million would have been recognized on loans that were nonaccrual as of December 31, 2022 had these loans been current in accordance with their original terms. Interest income on nonaccrual loans may be recorded on a cash basis and be included in income only when Park expects to receive the entire recorded investment of the loan. Of the 4.8 million that would have been recognized, approximately 3.3 million was included in interest income for the year ended December 31, 2022 as a result of payments made. 
 
 Charge-offs for 2022 included the charge-off of 416,000 in specific reserves for which provision expense had been recognized in a prior year, compared to 15,000 for 2021 and 283,000 for 2020. Net charge-offs (recoveries) adjusted for changes in specific reserves as a percentage of average loans for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 were 0.06 , (0.10) , and (0.24) , respectively. 
 
 SEPH, as a non-bank subsidiary of Park, does not carry an ACL balance, but recognizes a provision for credit losses when a charge-off is taken and recognizes a recovery of credit losses when a recovery is received. 
 
 At year-end 2022, the allowance for credit losses was 85.4 million, or 1.20 , of total loans outstanding, compared to 83.2 million, or 1.21 , of total loans outstanding at year-end 2021, and 85.7 million, or 1.19 of total loans outstanding at year-end 2020. 
 
 -68- 

The following table provides additional information related to the allowance for credit losses for Park including information related to specific reserves and general reserves, at December 31, 2022, December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020. Also included is the January 1, 2021 allowance for credit losses calculated under the CECL methodology prescribed in ASU 2016-13. 
 
 Table 29- Allowance for Credit Losses Summary (Dollars in thousands) 12/31/2022 (CECL methodology) 9/30/2022 (CECL methodology) 12/31/2021 (CECL methodology) 1/1/2021 (CECL methodology) 12/31/2020 (Incurred Loss methodology) Total allowance for credit losses 85,379 83,961 83,197 91,764 85,675 Allowance on PCD loans (PCI loans for the period ended 2020) 52 167 Allowance on purchased loans excluded from the general reserve (for 2020) N.A. N.A. N.A. N.A. 678 Specific reserves on individually evaluated loans 3,566 1,750 1,616 5,434 5,434 General reserves on collectively evaluated loans 81,813 82,211 81,581 86,278 79,396 Total loans 7,141,891 7,103,246 6,871,122 7,177,537 7,177,785 PCD loans (PCI loans for period ended in 2020) 4,653 4,867 7,149 10,903 11,153 Purchased loans excluded from collectively evaluated loans (for 2020) N.A N.A. N.A. N.A. 360,056 Individually evaluated loans 78,341 43,670 74,502 108,274 108,407 Collectively evaluated loans 7,058,897 7,054,709 6,789,471 7,058,360 6,698,169 Allowance for credit losses as a of period end loans 1.20 1.18 1.21 1.28 1.19 Allowance for credit losses as a of period end loans (excluding PPP loans) (1) 
 1.20 1.18 1.22 1.34 1.25 General reserve as a of collectively evaluated loans 1.16 1.17 1.20 1.22 1.19 General reserve as a of collectively evaluated loans (excluding PPP loans) (1) 
 1.16 1.17 1.21 1.28 1.24 
 (1) Excludes 4.2 million of PPP loans and 4,000 in related allowance at December 31, 2022; 5.7 million of PPP loans and 6,000 in related allowance at September 30, 2022; 74.4 million of PPP loans and 77,000 in related allowance at December 31, 2021; 331.6 million of PPP loans and 337,000 in related allowance at January 1, 2021; and 331.6 million of PPP loans and 337,000 in related allowance at December 31, 2020. 

-69- 

The allowance for credit losses of 85.4 million at December 31, 2022 represented an 2.2 million, or 2.6 , increase compared to 83.2 million at December 31, 2021. The increase was largely due to a 2.0 million increase in specific reserves and a 232,000 increase in general reserves, taking into consideration changing economic forecasts while balancing the risks associated with inflation and other economic risks. 
 
 The allowance for credit losses of 85.4 million at December 31, 2022 represented a 1.4 million, or 1.7 , increase compared to 84.0 million at September 30, 2022. The increase was largely due to a 1.8 million increase in specific reserves, partially offset by a 398,000 decrease in general reserves, taking into consideration changing economic forecasts while balancing the ongoing risks associated with inflation and other economic risks. Individually evaluated loans were 78.3 million at December 31, 2022, a 34.7 million, or a 79.4 , increase compared to 43.7 million at September 30, 2022. The increase in individually evaluated loans was largely due to a 23.0 million loan to a non-bank consumer finance company which was placed on nonaccrual status as of December 31, 2022. This credit did not have a specific reserve associated with it as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 The allowance for credit losses of 83.2 million at December 31, 2021 represented an 8.6 million, or 9.3 , decrease compared to 91.8 million at January 1, 2021 as calculated under the CECL methodology. The decline since January 1, 2021 was largely due to a 4.7 million decrease in general reserves, taking into consideration improved economic forecasts while balancing the risks associated with the COVID-19 pandemic and the delta and omicron variants, particularly in high risk portfolios such as hotels and accommodations, restaurants and food service and strip shopping centers. Additionally, there was a 3.8 million decrease in specific reserves on individually evaluated loans from 5.4 million at January 1, 2021 to 1.6 million at December 31, 2021. 
 
 Management believes that the allowance for credit losses at year-end 2022 is adequate to absorb estimated life of loan credit losses in the loan portfolio. See "Note 1 - Summary of Significant Accounting Policies" of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in "ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA" of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and the discussion under the heading CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES earlier in this Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, for additional information on management s evaluation of the adequacy of the allowance for credit losses. 
 
 -70- 

ACL Detail by Loan Type: The following tables breakdown the allowance for credit losses and components by loan type. 
 
 The table below provides a summary of Park's loan loss experience over the past three years: 
 
 Table 30 - Summary of Loan Credit Loss Experience (In thousands) 2022 2021 2020 Average loans 6,955,674 7,014,157 6,990,458 Allowance for credit losses: Beginning balance 83,197 85,675 56,679 Adoption of ASU 2016-13 6,090 Charge-offs: Commercial, financial and agricultural 2,056 957 1,468 Construction real estate 33 6 Residential real estate 81 49 356 Commercial real estate 1,578 35 1,824 Consumer 5,343 4,052 6,634 Leases 42 16 Total charge-offs 9,133 5,093 10,304 Recoveries: Commercial financial, and agricultural 826 639 20,765 Construction real estate 1,343 2,299 1,122 Residential real estate 164 941 991 Commercial real estate 627 802 738 Consumer 3,767 3,759 3,629 Leases 31 1 1 Total recoveries 6,758 8,441 27,246 Net charge-offs (recoveries) 2,375 (3,348) (16,942) Provision (recovery) included in net income 4,557 (11,916) 12,054 Ending balance 85,379 83,197 85,675 Ratio of net charge-offs (recoveries) to average loans 0.03 (0.05) (0.24) Ratio of allowance for credit losses to end of year loans 1.20 1.21 1.19 

-71- 

The follow table presents net-charge offs (recoveries), average loans outstanding, and net charge-offs (recoveries) as a percentage of average loans, by type of loan over the past three years: 
 
 Table 31- Net Charge-Offs (Recoveries) to Average Loans Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 (Dollars in thousands) Net Charge-offs (Recoveries) Average Loans Net Charge-offs (Recoveries) as a of Average Loans Net Charge-offs (Recoveries) Average Loans Net Charge-offs (Recoveries) as a of Average Loans Net Charge-offs (Recoveries) Average Loans Net Charge-offs (Recoveries) as a of Average Loans Commercial, financial, and agricultural 1,230 1,282,431 0.10 318 1,435,221 0.02 (19,297) 1,545,426 (1.25) Construction real estate (1,310) 316,805 (0.41) (2,299) 331,882 (0.69) (1,116) 346,664 (0.32) Residential real estate (83) 1,747,149 (892) 1,771,880 (0.05) (635) 1,867,956 (0.03) Commercial real estate 951 1,778,622 0.05 (767) 1,766,346 (0.04) 1,086 1,655,747 0.07 Consumer 1,576 1,810,985 0.09 293 1,686,849 0.02 3,005 1,546,574 0.19 Leases 11 19,682 0.06 (1) 22,339 15 28,091 0.05 Total 2,375 6,955,674 0.03 (3,348) 7,014,517 (0.05) (16,942) 6,990,458 (0.24) 
 
 The following table summarizes Park's allocation of the allowance for credit losses for the past three years: 
 Table 32- Allocation of Allowance for Credit Losses December 31, 2022 2021 2020 (In thousands) Allowance Percent of Loans Per Category Allowance Percent of Loans Per Category Allowance Percent of Loans Per Category Commercial, financial, and agricultural 16,987 18.22 14,025 18.90 25,608 22.14 Construction real estate 5,550 4.56 5,758 4.68 7,288 4.78 Residential real estate 16,831 25.16 11,424 25.31 11,363 25.26 Commercial real estate 17,829 25.12 25,466 26.22 23,480 24.36 Consumer 28,021 26.67 26,286 24.59 17,418 23.12 Leases 161 0.27 238 0.30 518 0.34 Total 85,379 100.00 83,197 100.00 85,675 100.00 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, Park had no concentrations of loans exceeding 10 to borrowers engaged in the same or similar industries nor did Park have any loans to foreign governments. 
 
 Nonperforming Assets: Nonperforming assets include: 1) loans whose interest is accounted for on a nonaccrual basis; 2) troubled debt restructurings (TDRs) on accrual status; 3) loans which are contractually past due 90 days or more as to principal or interest payments, where interest continues to accrue; 4) OREO which results from taking possession of property that served as collateral for a defaulted loan; and 5) other nonperforming assets. There were no other nonperforming assets as of December 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2021 and 2020, other nonperforming assets consisted of aircraft acquired as part of a loan workout. 
 
 Generally, management obtains updated appraisal information for nonperforming loans and OREO annually. As new appraisal information is received, management performs an evaluation of the appraisal and applies a discount for anticipated disposition costs to determine the net realizable value of the collateral, which is compared to the outstanding principal balance to determine if additional write-downs are necessary. 
 
 -72- 

The following is a summary of Park s nonperforming assets at the end of the last three years: 
 Table 33 - Nonperforming Assets December 31, (In thousands) 2022 2021 2020 Nonaccrual loans 79,696 72,722 117,368 Accruing TDRs 20,134 28,323 20,788 Loans past due 90 days or more and accruing 1,281 1,607 1,458 Total nonperforming loans 101,111 102,652 139,614 OREO 1,354 775 1,431 Other nonperforming assets 2,750 3,164 Total nonperforming assets 102,465 106,177 144,209 Percentage of nonperforming loans to total loans 1.42 1.49 1.95 Percentage of nonperforming assets to total loans 1.43 1.55 2.01 Percentage of nonperforming assets to total assets 1.04 1.11 1.55 Percentage of nonaccrual loans to total loans 1.12 1.06 1.64 Allowance for credit losses to nonaccrual loans 107.13 114.40 73.00 
 
 Included in OREO totals above were 1.4 million of SEPH OREO at December 31, 2022 and 594,000 of SEPH OREO at both December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020. 
 
 Park classifies loans as nonaccrual when 1) a loan is maintained on a cash basis because of deterioration in the financial condition of the borrower, 2) payment in full of principal or interest is not expected, or 3) principal or interest has been in default for a period of 90 days for commercial loans and 120 days for all other loans. As a result, loans may be classified as nonaccrual despite being current with their contractual terms. The following table details the delinquency status of nonaccrual loans at December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020. 
 
 Table 34 - Delinquency Status of Nonaccrual Loans December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 December 31, 2020 (Dollars in thousands) Balance Percent of Total Loans Balance Percent of Total Loans Balance Percent of Total Loans Nonaccrual loans - current 58,893 0.83 53,259 0.78 92,600 1.29 Nonaccrual loans - past due 20,803 0.29 19,463 0.28 24,768 0.35 Total nonaccrual loans 79,696 1.12 72,722 1.06 117,368 1.64 
 
 Credit Quality Indicators: When determining the quarterly credit loss provision, Park reviews the grades of commercial loans. These loans are graded from 1 to 8. A grade of 1 indicates little or no credit risk and a grade of 8 is considered a loss. Commercial loans that are pass-rated (graded 1 through 4) are considered to be of acceptable credit risk. Commercial loans graded a 5 (special mention) are considered to be watch list credits and a higher PD is applied to these loans. Commercial loans graded a 6 (substandard), also considered to be watch list credits, represent higher credit risk than those rated special mention and, as a result, a higher PD is applied to these loans. Commercial loans that are graded a 7 (doubtful) are shown as nonperforming and Park charges these loans down to their fair value by taking a partial charge-off or recording a specific reserve. Any commercial loan graded an 8 (loss) is completely charged-off. 
 
 -73- 

The following table highlights the credit trends within the commercial loan portfolio. 
 Table 35- Commercial Credit Trends Commercial loans (In thousands) December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 December 31, 2020 Pass rated 3,709,065 3,712,784 3,893,205 Special Mention 79,855 75,397 102,812 Substandard 1,965 109 Individually evaluated for impairment 78,341 74,502 108,407 Accruing PCD (PCI loans for period ended December 31, 2020) 4,563 6,630 10,296 Total 3,873,789 3,869,313 4,114,829 Commercial loans include: (1) commercial, financial and agricultural loans; (2) commercial real estate loans; (3) commercial related loans in the construction portfolio; (4) commercial related loans in the residential real estate portfolio; and (5) leases. 
 
 Park s watch list includes all criticized and classified commercial loans, defined by Park as loans rated special mention or worse. Park had 81.8 million of collectively evaluated commercial loans included on the watch list at December 31, 2022, compared to 75.4 million at December 31, 2021, and 102.9 million at December 31, 2020. The existing conditions of these loans do not warrant classification as nonaccrual. However, these loans have shown some weakness and management performs additional analysis regarding each borrower's ability to comply with payment terms. 
 
 Delinquencies have remained low over the past 36 months since January 1, 2020. Delinquent and accruing loans were 18.9 million, or 0.26 of total loans at December 31, 2022, compared to 15.1 million, or 0.22 of total loans at December 31, 2021, and 20.1 million, or 0.28 of total loans at December 31, 2020. 
 
 Individually Evaluated Loans: Loans that do not share risk characteristics are evaluated on an individual basis. Park has determined that any commercial loans which have been placed on nonaccrual status or classified as TDRs will be individually evaluated. Individual analysis will establish a specific reserve for loans in scope. Specific reserves on individually evaluated commercial loans are typically based on management s best estimate of the fair value of collateral securing these loans. The amount ultimately charged off for these loans may be different from the specific reserve as the ultimate liquidation of the collateral may be for an amount different from management s estimate. 
 
 Individually evaluated were 78.3 million at December 31, 2022, an increase of 3.8 million, compared to 74.5 million at December 31, 2021, and a decrease of 30.1 million at December 31, 2022, compared to 108.4 million at December 31, 2020. The 78.3 million of individually evaluated commercial loans at December 31, 2022 included 11.5 million of loans modified in a TDR which were then on accrual status and performing in accordance with the restructured terms, a decrease from 17.5 million at December 31, 2021. 
 
 At December 31, 2022, Park had taken partial charge-offs of 1.8 million related to the 78.3 million of the individually evaluated commercial loans, compared to partial charge-offs of 624,000 related to the 74.5 million of individually evaluated commercial loans at December 31, 2021 and compared to partial charge-offs of 655,000 related to the 108.4 million of individually evaluated commercial loans at December 31, 2020. 
 
 The table below provides additional information related to Park's individually evaluated commercial loans at December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020. 
 
 Table 36 - Individually Evaluated Commercial Loans Years ended December 31, (In thousands) 2022 2021 2020 Unpaid principal balance 80,116 75,126 109,062 Prior charge-offs 1,775 624 655 Remaining principal balance 78,341 74,502 108,407 Specific reserves 3,566 1,616 5,434 Book value, after specific reserves 74,775 72,886 102,973 
 
 -74- 

Loans Acquired with Deteriorated Credit Quality: In conjunction with the NewDominion acquisition, Park acquired loans with a book value of 277.9 million as of the July 1, 2018 acquisition date. These loans were recorded at the initial fair value of 272.8 million. NewDominion loans acquired with deteriorated credit quality (ASC 310-30) with a book value of 5.1 million were recorded at the initial fair value of 4.9 million. In conjunction with the Carolina Alliance acquisition, Park acquired loans and leases with a book value of 589.7 million as of the April 1, 2019 acquisition date. Carolina Alliance loans and leases were recorded at the initial fair value of 578.6 million. Loans and leases acquired with deteriorated credit quality (ASC 310-30) with a book value of 19.9 million were recorded at the initial fair value of 18.4 million. 
 
 Upon adoption of CECL on January 1, 2021, 52,000 of the credit discount on PCD loans was reclassified to the allowance for credit losses. PCD loans are individually evaluated on a quarterly basis to determine if a specific reserve is necessary. At December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, there was no allowance for credit losses on PCD loans. The carrying amount of loans acquired with deteriorated credit quality at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 was 4.7 million and 7.1 million, respectively. The carrying amount of loans acquired with deteriorated credit quality at December 31, 2020 was 11.2 million, of which none were considered impaired due to additional credit deterioration post acquisition. 
 
 Allowance for Credit Losses: The allowance for credit losses is calculated on a quarterly basis. The methodology for calculating the ACL and assumptions made as of December 31, 2022 are detailed below. 
 
 Quantitative Considerations 
 The ACL is primarily calculated utilizing a DCF model. Key inputs and assumptions used in this model are discussed below: 
 
 Forecast model - For each portfolio segment, a LDA was performed in order to identify appropriate loss drivers and create a regression model for use in forecasting cash flows. The LDA analysis utilized Park's own FFIEC Call Report data for the commercial, financial and agricultural and residential real estate portfolio segments. Peer data was incorporated into the analysis for the commercial real estate, construction real estate, and consumer portfolio segments. Park updated the LDA in the fourth quarter of 2022 with data through September 30, 2022. After considering the impact of the inclusion of periods impacted by COVID, as well as analysis of the ongoing applicability of the selected peer group, management decided it was appropriate to continue to utilize the LDA analysis from the fourth quarter of 2019 as the correlation of the LDA was higher. 
 Probability of default PD is the probability that an asset will be in default within a given time frame. Park has defined default to be when a charge-off has occurred, a loan is placed on nonaccrual, or a loan is greater than 90 days past due. Whenever possible, Park utilizes its own loan-level PDs for the reasonable and supportable forecast period. When loan-level data is not available reflecting the forecasted economic conditions, a forecast model is utilized to estimate PDs. 
 Loss given default LGD is the percentage of the asset not expected to be collected due to default. Whenever possible, Park utilizes its own loan-level LGDs for the reasonable and supportable forecast period. When it is not possible to use Park's own LGDs, the LGD is derived using a method referred to as Frye Jacobs. 
 Prepayments and curtailments Prepayments and curtailments are calculated based on Park s own data utilizing a three-year average. This analysis is updated annually in the fourth quarter and was last updated in the fourth quarter of 2022. 
 Forecast and reversion Park has established a one-year reasonable and supportable forecast period with a one-year straight line reversion to the long-term historical average. 
 Economic forecast - Park utilizes a third party to provide economic forecasts under various scenarios, which are weighted in order to reflect model risk in the current economic environment. The scenario weighting is evaluated by management on a quarterly basis. 
 As of December 31, 2021, the "most likely" scenario forecasted Ohio unemployment to decrease, to a range between 3.32 and 3.97 , during the next four quarters. In determining the appropriate weighting of scenarios at December 31, 2021, management considered the range of forecasted unemployment as well as a number of economic indicators. While some economic indications appeared to be optimistic, the Omicron variant, rising inflation, volatility in consumer confidence, employment, supply chain and workforce challenges continued to cause uncertainty to the overall economic environment. Considering these factors, management determined it was appropriate to weigh the "most likely" scenario 50 and the "moderate recession" scenario 50 at December 31, 2021. 
 A s of December 31, 2022, the "most likely" scenario forecasted Ohio unemployment between 4.14 and 4.36 during the next four quarters. In determining the appropriate weighting of scenarios at December 31, 2022, management considered the range of forecasted unemployment as well as a number of economic indicators. The continued high levels of inflation, historically low consumer confidence, rising interest rates, geopolitical conflict (including the conflict between Russia and Ukraine), and workforce and supply chain challenges continued to cause uncertainty to the overall economic environment. Considering these factors, 
 -75- 

management determined it was appropriate to maintain the existing weighting, and weigh the "most likely" scenario 50 and the "moderate recession" scenario 50 at December 31, 20 22. Deteriorating forecasts, largely in the "moderate recession" scenario, resulted in a 10 basis point increase in the weighted quantitative allowance from December 31, 2021. 
 
 Qualitative Considerations 
 Park reviews various internal and external factors to consider the need for any qualitative adjustments to the quantitative model. Factors considered include the following : 
 The nature and volume of Park s financial assets; the existence, growth, and effect of any concentrations of credit and the volume and severity of past due financial assets, the volume of nonaccrual assets, and the volume and severity of adversely classified or graded assets. Specifically, management considers: 
 Trends (e.g., growth, reduction) in specific categories of the loan portfolio, as well as adjustments to the types of loans offered by Park. 
 Level of and trend in loan delinquencies, troubled loans, commercial watch list loans and nonperforming loans. 
 Level of and trend in new nonaccrual loans. 
 Level of and trend in loan charge-offs and recoveries. 
 Park's lending policies and procedures, including changes in lending strategies, underwriting standards and practices for collections, write-offs, and recoveries. 
 The quality of Park s credit review function. 
 The experience, ability, and depth of Park s lending, investment, collection, and other relevant management and staff. 
 The effect of other external factors such as the regulatory, legal and technological environments; competition; geopolitical conflict; and events such as natural disasters or pandemics. 
 Actual and expected changes in international, national, regional, and local economic and business conditions and developments in the markets in which Park operates that affect the collectibility of financial assets. 
 Where the U.S. economy is within a given credit cycle. 
 The extent that there is government assistance (stimulus). 
 
 During 2020, Park added an additional reserve for three industries at particularly high risk due to the COVID-19 pandemic: hotels and accommodations; restaurants and food service; and strip shopping centers. These industries experienced high levels of deferrals and had been particularly impacted by shut downs of non-essential businesses, increased health department regulations, and changes in consumer behavior. Management expected that a relatively higher percentage of the 4-rated credits in these portfolios would eventually migrate to special mention, substandard, or individually evaluated status. In adopting CECL, management determined it was appropriate to retain this qualitative adjustment as this adjustment took into account the additional risk in these portfolios, which was not captured in the quantitative calculation. As COVID cases began to decline during the first quarter of 2022, travel increased, restrictions lifted, and consumers began increasing restaurant visits and shopping in person, and these industries began to show signs of recovery. Beginning in the first quarter of 2022, management began decreasing these reserves 25 each quarter to take into account improvements in these industry sectors. In the fourth quarter 2022, these industries continued to show positive trends and COVID-19 has become less impactful to day-to-day life. Therefore, management deemed it appropriate to reduce the factors the remaining 25 , taking this qualitative adjustment to zero. 
 
 A breakout of the 4-rated balances within these portfolios and the additional reserve related to these portfolios, as of December 31, 2021, is detailed in the following table: 
 
 Table 37 - Additional COVID-19 Reserves December 31, 2021 (In thousands) 4-Rated Balance Additional Reserve Hotels and accommodations 148,018 2,226 Restaurants and food service 40,648 917 Strip shopping centers 184,171 2,033 Total 372,837 5,176 
 
 Additionally, at December 31, 2021, management applied a 1.00 reserve to all hotels and accommodations loans in the collectively evaluated population to account for increased valuation risk. At December 31, 2021, Park's collectively evaluated hotels and accommodation loans had a balance of 203.9 million with an additional reserve related to valuation risks of 2.0 
 -76- 

million. With improvement in occupancy and revenue in Park's hotel and accommodations portfolio, management concluded it appropriate to decrease the hotel and accommodations valuation reserve to zero at December 31, 2022. 
 
 At December 31, 2022 and 2021, Park had 4.2 million and 74.4 million, respectively, of PPP loans which were included in the commercial, financial and agricultural portfolio segment. These loans are guaranteed by the SBA and thus have not been reserved for using the same methodology as the rest of Park s loan portfolio. A 10 basis point reserve was calculated for these loans to reflect minimal credit risk at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. 

CAPITAL RESOURCES 
 
 Liquidity and Interest Rate Sensitivity Management: Park s objective in managing its liquidity is to maintain the ability to continuously meet the cash flow needs of customers, such as borrowings or deposit withdrawals, while at the same time seeking higher yields from longer-term lending and investing activities. 
 
 Cash and cash equivalents decreased by 29.5 million during 2022 to 189.7 million at year end. Cash provided by operating activities was 134.9 million in 2022, 157.3 million in 2021 and 111.6 million in 2020. Net income was the primary source of cash provided by operating activities during each year. 
 
 Cash used in investing activities was 403.7 million in 2022, 412.1 million in 2021 and 455.9 million in 2020. Investment securities transactions and loan originations/repayments are the major uses or sources of cash in investing activities. Proceeds from the sale, repayment or maturity of investment securities provide cash and purchases of investment securities use cash. Net investment securities transactions used cash of 137.8 million in 2022, used cash of 709.5 million in 2021 and provided cash of 188.1 million in 2020. Cash used by the net increase in the loan portfolio was 271.8 million in 2022, cash provided by the net paydown in the loan portfolio was 312.2 million in 2021, and cash used by the net increase in the loan portfolio was 620.2 million in 2020. 
 
 Cash provided by financing activities was 239.4 million in 2022, 103.5 million in 2021 and 554.8 million in 2020. A major source of cash provided by or used in financing activities is the net change in deposits. Deposits increased and provided 330.2 million of cash in 2022, 332.2 million of cash in 2021 and 520.0 million of cash in 2020. These increases in deposits included a decrease in off-balance sheet deposits of 787.1 million in 2022 and increases in off-balance sheet deposits of 273.0 million and 710.1 million in 2021 and 2020, respectively. Other major sources of cash from financing activities are short-term borrowings and long-term debt. In 2022, net short-term borrowings decreased and used 11.4 million in cash and net long-term debt was unchanged. In 2021, net short-term borrowings decreased and used 103.4 million in cash and net long-term debt decreased and used 32.5 million in cash. In 2020, net short-term borrowings increased and provided 111.6 million in cash and net long-term debt increased and provided 2.1 million in cash. Cash used in the repurchase of common shares was 16.0 million in 2021 and 7.5 million in 2020. No common shares were repurchased in 2022. Finally, cash declined by 76.6 million in 2022, 74.3 million in 2021 and 70.4 million in 2020, from the payment of cash dividends. 
 
 Funds are available from a number of sources, including the capital markets, the investment securities portfolio, the core deposit base, FHLB borrowings and the capability to securitize or package loans for sale. In the opinion of Park's management, the present funding sources provide more than adequate liquidity for Park to meet our cash flow needs. 
 
 -77- 

The following table shows interest rate sensitivity data for five different time intervals as of December 31, 2022: 
 
 Table 38 - Interest Rate Sensitivity 0-3 3-12 1-3 3-5 Over 5 (In thousands) Months Months Years Years Years Total Interest earning assets: Investment securities (1) 
 569,005 102,054 368,015 357,043 545,826 1,941,943 Money market instruments 32,978 32,978 Loans (1) 
 1,671,912 1,300,063 2,362,107 1,189,772 618,037 7,141,891 Total interest earning assets 2,273,895 1,402,117 2,730,122 1,546,815 1,163,863 9,116,812 Interest bearing liabilities: Interest bearing transaction accounts (2) 
 1,023,070 965,036 1,988,106 Savings accounts (2) 
 953,024 1,663,539 2,616,563 Time deposits 170,574 198,948 131,017 51,126 2,780 554,445 Other 1,325 1,325 Total deposits 2,147,993 198,948 2,759,592 51,126 2,780 5,160,439 Short-term borrowings 227,342 227,342 Subordinated notes 15,000 173,667 188,667 Total interest bearing liabilities 2,390,335 198,948 2,759,592 224,793 2,780 5,576,448 Interest rate sensitivity gap (116,440) 1,203,169 (29,470) 1,322,022 1,161,083 3,540,364 Cumulative rate sensitivity gap (116,440) 1,086,729 1,057,259 2,379,281 3,540,364 Cumulative gap as a percentage of total interest earning assets (1.28) 11.92 11.60 26.10 38.83 
 (1) Investment securities and loans that are subject to prepayment are shown in the table by the earlier of their re-pricing date or their expected repayment date and not by their contractual maturity date. Nonaccrual loans of 79.7 million are included within the three-month to twelve-month maturity category. 
 (2) Management considers interest bearing transaction accounts and savings accounts to be core deposits and, therefore, not as rate sensitive as other deposit accounts and borrowed money. Accordingly, only 51 of interest bearing transaction accounts and 36 of savings accounts are considered to re-price within one year. If all of the interest bearing transaction accounts and savings accounts were considered to re-price within one year, the one-year cumulative gap would change from a positive 11.9 to a negative 16.9 . 
 
 The interest rate sensitivity gap analysis provides an overall picture of Park s static interest rate risk position. At December 31, 2022, the cumulative interest earning assets maturing or repricing within twelve months were 3,676 million compared to the cumulative interest bearing liabilities maturing or repricing within twelve months of 2,589 million. For the twelve-month cumulative interest rate sensitivity gap position, rate sensitive assets exceeded rate sensitive liabilities by 1,087 million or 11.9 of interest earning assets. 
 
 A positive twelve-month cumulative rate sensitivity gap (assets exceed liabilities) would suggest that Park s net interest margin would increase if interest rates were to increase. Conversely, a negative twelve-month cumulative rate sensitivity gap would suggest that Park s net interest margin would decrease if interest rates were to increase. However, the usefulness of the interest rate sensitivity gap analysis as a forecasting tool in projecting net interest income is limited. The gap analysis does not consider the magnitude, timing or frequency by which assets or liabilities will reprice during a period and also contains assumptions as to the repricing of interest bearing transaction accounts and savings accounts that may not prove to be correct. 
 
 The cumulative twelve-month interest rate sensitivity gap position at year-end 2021 was a positive 1,895 million or 21.7 of total interest earning assets. The percentage of interest earning assets maturing or repricing within one year was 40.3 at year-end 2022, compared to 47.2 at year-end 2021. The percentage of interest bearing liabilities maturing or repricing within one year was 46.4 at year-end 2022, compared to 42.3 at year-end 2021. 
 
 Management supplements the interest rate sensitivity gap analysis with periodic simulations of balance sheet sensitivity under various interest rate and what-if scenarios to better forecast and manage the net interest margin. Park s management uses an earnings simulation model to analyze net interest income sensitivity to movements in interest rates. This model is based on actual cash flows and repricing characteristics for balance sheet instruments and incorporates market-based assumptions 
 -78- 

regarding the impact of changing interest rates on the prepayment rate of certain assets and liabilities. This model also includes management s projections for activity levels of various balance sheet instruments and non-interest fee income and operating expense. Assumptions based on the historical behavior of deposit rates and balances in relation to changes in interest rates are also incorporated into this earnings simulation model. These assumptions are inherently uncertain and, as a result, the model cannot precisely measure net interest income and net income. Actual results will differ from simulated results due to the timing, magnitude and frequency of interest rate changes as well as changes in market conditions and management strategies. 
 
 Management uses a 50 basis point change in market interest rates per quarter for a total of 200 basis points per year in evaluating the impact of changing interest rates on net interest income and net income over a twelve-month horizon. At December 31, 2022, the earnings simulation model projected that net income would increase by 3.69 using a rising interest rate scenario and decrease by 5.38 using a declining interest rate scenario over the next year. At December 31, 2021, the earnings simulation model projected that net income would increase by 7.5 using a rising interest rate scenario and decrease by 15.1 using a declining interest rate scenario over the next year. At December 31, 2020, the earnings simulation model projected that net income would decrease by 2.9 using a rising interest rate scenario and decrease by 8.8 using a declining interest rate scenario over the next year. Park s net interest margin was 3.80 in 2022, 3.69 in 2021 and 3.93 in 2020. 
 
 CONTRACTUAL OBLIGATIONS 
 
 In the ordinary course of operations, Park enters into certain contractual obligations. The following table summarizes Park s significant and determinable obligations by payment date at December 31, 2022. 
 
 Further discussion of the nature of each specified obligation is included in the referenced Note to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in "ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA" of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 Table 39 - Contractual Obligations (1) 
 December 31, 2022 Payments Due In 0-1 1-3 3-5 Over 5 (In thousands) Note Years Years Years Years Total Deposits without stated maturity 14 7,680,270 7,680,270 Certificates of deposit 14 346,856 157,890 49,657 42 554,445 Short-term borrowings 16 227,342 227,342 Subordinated notes 18 188,667 188,667 Operating leases 13 3,599 4,627 4,127 11,020 23,373 Defined benefit pension plan (2) 
 21 9,684 19,912 21,164 51,388 102,148 Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan agreements 21 643 1,844 2,468 41,498 46,453 Total contractual obligations 8,268,394 184,273 77,416 292,615 8,822,698 
 (1) Amounts do not include associated interest payments. 
 (2) Pension payments reflect 10 years of payments, through 2032. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, Park had 28.1 million in unfunded commitments related to investments in qualified affordable housing projects which are not included in "Table 39 - Contractual Obligations" above. Commitments are funded when capital calls are made by the general partner. Park expects that the current commitments will be funded between 2023 and 2032. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, Park had 20.3 million in unfunded commitments related to certain equity investments which are not included in "Table 39 - Contractual Obligations" above. Commitments are funded when capital calls are made by the general partner. 
 
 The Corporation s operating lease obligations represent short-term and long-term lease and rental payments for facilities and equipment. 
 
 Commitments, Contingent Liabilities, and Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements : In order to meet the financing needs of our customers, the Corporation issues loan commitments and standby letters of credit. At December 31, 2022, the Corporation had 1.4 billion of loan commitments for commercial, commercial real estate, and residential real estate loans and had 30.5 million 
 -79- 

of standby letters of credit. At December 31, 2021, the Corporation had 1.4 billion of loan commitments for commercial, commercial real estate, and residential real estate loans and had 18.2 million of standby letters of credit. 
 
 Commitments to extend credit under loan commitments and standby letters of credit do not necessarily represent future cash requirements. These commitments often expire without being drawn upon. However, all of the loan commitments and standby letters of credit were permitted to be drawn upon in 2022. See "Note 26 - Financial Instruments with Off-Balance Sheet Risk and Financial Instruments with Concentration of Credit Risk" of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in "ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA" in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, for additional information on loan commitments and standby letters of credit. 
 
 The Corporation did not have any unrecorded significant contingent liabilities at December 31, 2022. 
 
 Capital : Park s primary means of maintaining capital adequacy is through retained earnings. At December 31, 2022, the Corporation s total shareholders equity was 1,069.2 million, compared to 1,110.8 million at December 31, 2021. Total shareholders equity at December 31, 2022 was 10.85 of total assets, compared to 11.62 of total assets at December 31, 2021. 
 
 Tangible equity was 903.7 million at December 31, 2022, and was 943.7 million at December 31, 2021. At December 31, 2022, tangible equity was 9.33 of tangible assets compared to 10.05 of tangible assets at December 31, 2021. A reconciliation of total shareholders' equity to tangible equity and total assets to tangible assets is included in Table 27. 
 
 Net income was 148.4 million in 2022, 153.9 million in 2021 and 127.9 million in 2020. 
 
 Cash dividends declared for Park's common shares were 76.8 million in 2022, 74.6 million in 2021 and 70.6 million in 2020. On a per share basis, the cash dividends declared were 4.66 per common share in 2022, 4.52 per common share in 2021 and 4.28 per common share in 2020. 
 
 The table below shows the repurchases and issuances of common shares and treasury shares for 2020 through 2022. 
 Table 40 (In thousands, except share data) Treasury Shares Number of Common Shares Balance at January 1, 2020 (127,633) 16,346,442 Cash payment for fractional shares in dividend reinvestment plan (36) Treasury shares repurchased (7,507) (76,000) Treasury shares reissued for share-based compensation awards 3,031 30,341 Treasury shares reissued for director grants 1,343 13,450 Balance at December 31, 2020 (130,766) 16,314,197 Cash payment for fractional shares in dividend reinvestment plan (45) Treasury shares repurchased (16,048) (137,659) Treasury shares reissued for share-based compensation awards 2,964 29,670 Treasury shares reissued for director grants 1,360 13,400 Balance at December 31, 2021 (142,490) 16,219,563 Cash payment for fractional shares in dividend reinvestment plan (14) Treasury shares reissued for share-based compensation awards 3,477 34,245 Treasury shares reissued for director grants 994 9,789 Balance at December 31, 2022 (138,019) 16,263,583 
 
 Park did not issue any new common shares, which had not already been held as treasury shares, in 2022, 2021 or 2020. Common shares (including treasury shares) had a balance of 462.4 million, 461.8 million and 460.7 million at December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. 
 
 Accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income, net reflected a loss of 102.4 million at December 31, 2022, and reflected income of 15.2 million at December 31, 2021 and 5.6 million at December 31, 2020. During 2022, the change in net 
 -80- 

unrealized holding (loss) gain on AFS debt securities, net of income tax, was a loss of 116.9 million. During 2021, the change in net unrealized holding (loss) gain on AFS debt securities, net of income tax, was a loss of 19.5 million. During the 2020 year, the change in net unrealized holding gain (loss) on AFS debt securities, net of income tax, was a gain of 23.2 million. 
 Additionally, Park recognized an other comprehensive loss of 888,000, net of tax, related to the change in pension plan assets and benefit obligations in 2022, compared to an other comprehensive gain of 28.6 million, net of tax, related to the change in pension plan assets and benefit obligations in 2021, and compared to an other comprehensive loss of 7.7 million, net of income tax, related to the change in pension plan assets and benefit obligations in 2020. Finally, during 2022, Park recognized an other comprehensive gain of 206,000, net of income tax, related to an unrealized net holding gain on cash flow hedging derivatives, compared to an other comprehensive gain of 492,000, net of income tax, related to an unrealized net holding gain on cash flow hedging derivatives in 2021 and compared to an other comprehensive loss of 244,000, net of income tax, related to an unrealized net holding loss on cash flow hedging derivatives in 2020. 
 
 Financial institution regulators have established guidelines for minimum capital ratios for banks, thrifts and bank holding companies. Park has elected not to include the net unrealized gain or loss on debt securities AFS in computing regulatory capital. Park has adopted the Basel III regulatory capital framework as approved by the federal banking agencies. Under the Basel III regulatory capital framework, in order to avoid limitations on capital distributions, including dividend payments and stock repurchases, and certain discretionary bonus payments to executive officers, Park must hold a capital conservation buffer of 2.5 above the adequately capitalized risk-based capital ratios. The amounts shown below as the adequately capitalized ratio plus capital conservation buffer include the 2.50 buffer. The Federal Reserve Board has also adopted capital requirements Park must maintain to be deemed "well capitalized" and remain a financial holding company. 
 
 Park and PNB met each of the well-capitalized ratio guidelines applicable to them at December 31, 2022. The following table indicates the capital ratios for PNB and Park at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. 
 
 Table 41 - PNB and Park Capital Ratios As of December 31, 2022 Leverage Tier 1 Risk-Based Common Equity Tier 1 Total Risk-Based PNB 8.34 10.69 10.69 12.15 Park 9.90 12.76 12.57 16.07 Adequately capitalized ratio 4.00 6.00 4.50 8.00 Adequately capitalized ratio plus capital conservation buffer 4.00 8.50 7.00 10.50 Well-capitalized ratio - PNB 5.00 8.00 6.50 10.00 Well-capitalized ratio - Park N/A 6.00 N/A 10.00 
 
 As of December 31, 2021 Leverage Tier 1 Risk-Based Common Equity Tier 1 Total Risk-Based PNB 8.58 11.05 11.05 12.56 Park 9.77 12.57 12.37 16.05 Adequately capitalized ratio 4.00 6.00 4.50 8.00 Adequately capitalized ratio plus capital conservation buffer 4.00 8.50 7.00 10.50 Well-capitalized ratio - PNB 5.00 8.00 6.50 10.00 Well-capitalized ratio - Park N/A 6.00 N/A 10.00 
 Effects of Inflation : Balance sheets of financial institutions typically contain assets and liabilities that are monetary in nature and, therefore, differ greatly from most commercial and industrial companies which have significant investments in premises, equipment and inventory. During periods of inflation, financial institutions that are in a net positive monetary position will experience a decline in purchasing power, which does have an impact on growth. Another significant effect on internal equity growth is other expenses, which tend to rise during periods of inflation. 
 Management believes the most significant impact on financial results is the Corporation's ability to align our asset/liability management program to react to changes in interest rates. 
 -81- 

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK. 
 
 As noted in "Table 19 - Distribution of Assets, Liabilities and Shareholders' Equity" included in "ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS" of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, Park s tax equivalent net interest margin increased by eleven basis points in 2022, decreased by twenty-four basis points in 2021 and increased four basis points in 2020. The tax equivalent net interest margin was 3.80 , 3.69 and 3.93 for each of the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The discussion of interest rate sensitivity included in "ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS" of this Annual Report on Form 10-K is incorporated herein by reference. In addition, the discussion of Park s commitments, contingent liabilities and off-balance sheet arrangements included in "ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS" of this Annual Report on Form 10-K and in "Note 26 - Financial Instruments with Off-Balance Sheet Risk and Financial Instruments with Concentrations of Credit Risk" of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in "ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA" of this Annual Report on Form 10-K is incorporated herein by reference. 
 -82- 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA. 

Index to Financial Statements 
 
 Audited Financial Statements Page 
 
 Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 84 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 86 
 Auditor Name: 
 Auditor Location: 
 Auditor Firm ID: 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets at December 31, 2022 and 2021 89 
 Consolidated Statements of Income for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 91 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 93 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders' Equity for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 94 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 95 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 97 

-83- 

Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 To the Board of Directors and Shareholders 
 Park National Corporation 
 
 The management of Park National Corporation (the Corporation is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, for the Corporation and its consolidated subsidiaries. The Corporation s internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (U.S. GAAP"). The Corporation s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that: 
 
 a. pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the Corporation and its consolidated subsidiaries; 
 
 b. provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP, and that receipts and expenditures of the Corporation and its consolidated subsidiaries are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the Corporation; and 
 
 c. provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the assets of the Corporation and its consolidated subsidiaries that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 
 The Corporation s internal control over financial reporting as it relates to the consolidated financial statements is evaluated for effectiveness by management and tested for reliability through a program of internal audits. Actions are taken to correct potential deficiencies as they are identified. 
 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluations of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Accordingly, even an effective system of internal control over financial reporting will provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation. 
 
 With the participation of our Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer, Secretary, and Treasurer, management evaluated the effectiveness of the Corporation s internal control over financial reporting at December 31, 2022, the end of the Corporation s fiscal year. In making this assessment, management used the criteria set forth for effective internal control over financial reporting by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission's (COSO) Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013). 
 
 Based on our assessment under the criteria described in the immediately preceding paragraph, management concluded that the 
 Corporation maintained effective internal control over financial reporting at a reasonable assurance level as of December 31, 2022. We reviewed the results of management's assessment with the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors of the Corporation. 
 
 The Corporation s independent registered public accounting firm, Crowe LLP, has audited the Consolidated Balance Sheets of the Corporation and its subsidiaries at December 31, 2022 and 2021 and the related Consolidated Statements of Income, Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income, Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders' Equity and Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2022, included in "ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA" of this Annual Report on Form 10-K and the Corporation s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, and has issued their Report of Independent 
 -84- 

Registered Public Accounting Firm, which appears in "ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA" of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

/s/ David L. Trautman /s/ Brady T. Burt David L. Trautman Brady T. Burt Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer Chief Financial Officer, Secretary and Treasurer March 1, 2023 

-85- 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

Shareholders and the Board of Directors of Park National Corporation 
 Newark, Ohio 

Opinions on the Financial Statements and Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Park National Corporation (the "Company") as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, changes in shareholders equity, and cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the "financial statements"). We also have audited the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework: (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). 
 
 In our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2022 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Also in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework: (2013) issued by COSO. 
 
 Change in Accounting Principle 
 
 As discussed in Note 2 to the financial statements, the Company has changed its method of accounting for credit losses effective January 1, 2021 due to the adoption of ASU 2016-13 Financial Instruments Credit Losses (Topic 326): Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments . The Company adopted the new credit loss standard using the modified retrospective method such that prior period amounts are not adjusted and continue to be reported in accordance with previously applicable generally accepted accounting principles. 
 
 Basis for Opinions 
 
 The Company s management is responsible for these financial statements, for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements and an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) ("PCAOB") and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud, and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
 
 Our audits of the financial statements included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions. 
 
 -86- 

Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 Critical Audit Matter 
 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of a critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 
 Allowance for Credit Losses 
 
 The allowance for credit losses (the ACL as described in Notes 1 and 6 is an accounting estimate of expected credit losses over the estimated life of loans. The Company s loan portfolio, measured at amortized cost, is presented at the net amount expected to be collected. Estimates of expected credit losses for loans are based on historical experience, current conditions and reasonable and supportable forecasts over the life of the loans. 
 
 The Company measures expected credit losses based on pooled loans when similar risk characteristics exist primarily utilizing a discounted cash flow DCF model. A loss driver analysis was performed to identify appropriate loss drivers to create a regression model for use in forecasting cash flows for each loan segment. Probability of default PD and loss given default LGD are assumptions in the model used to discount loan-level cash flows that are adjusted for prepayments and curtailments. A quantitative adjustment is made on top of the model using economic forecasts that are weighted to reflect model risk in the current economic environment. The Company adjusts its quantitative results for certain qualitative factors to reflect the extent to which management expects current conditions and reasonable and supportable forecasts to differ from the conditions that existed for the period over which historical information was evaluated. 
 
 The allowance for credit losses was identified by us as a critical audit matter because of the extent of auditor judgment applied and significant audit effort to evaluate the significant subjective and complex judgments made by management. The principal considerations resulting in our determination included the following: 
 
 Significant auditor judgment and audit effort to evaluate the significant assumptions related to the loss driver analysis, PD and LGD input into the DCF model, including assistance by our valuation services specialists. 
 Significant auditor judgment and audit effort to evaluate the quantitative adjustment made, on top of the model, that weights the economic scenarios to reflect model risk in the current economic environment. 
 
 The primary procedures performed to address the critical audit matter included: 
 
 Testing the effectiveness of management's controls addressing: 
 
 Evaluation of the appropriateness of the loss driver analysis and probability of default and loss given default curves input into the model. 
 Evaluation of the relevance and reliability of data used in the DCF model. 
 Evaluation of the appropriateness of the key judgments used in the determination of the quantitative adjustment, made on top of the model, that weights the economic scenarios used in the forecast. 
 
 -87- 

Substantive testing included: 
 Evaluating the appropriateness of the loss driver analysis and probability of default and loss given default curves into the DCF model, assisted by our valuation services specialists. 
 Evaluating the relevance and reliability of data used in the DCF model. 
 Evaluating management s judgments and the relevance of data used in applying a quantitative adjustment, made on top of the model, that weights the economic scenarios used in the forecast. 

Crowe LLP 
 
 We have served as the Company's auditor since 2006. 
 
 Columbus, Ohio 
 March 1, 2023 

-88- 

Park National Corporation and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 at December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 (In thousands, except share and per share data) 2022 2021 Assets Cash and due from banks Money market instruments Cash and cash equivalents Investment securities: Debt securities available-for-sale, at fair value (amortized cost of and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and no allowance for credit losses at December 31, 2022 and 2021) 
 Other investment securities Total investment securities Total loans Allowance for credit losses ) ) Net loans Other assets: Bank owned life insurance Prepaid assets Goodwill Other intangible assets Premises and equipment, net Affordable housing tax credit investments Accrued interest receivable Other real estate owned Mortgage loan servicing rights Operating lease right-of-use assets Other Total other assets Total assets 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 
 
 -89- 

Park National Corporation and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 at December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 (In thousands, except share and per share data) 2022 2021 Liabilities and shareholders equity Deposits: Non-interest bearing Interest bearing Total deposits Borrowings: Short-term borrowings Subordinated notes Total borrowings Other liabilities: Operating lease liability Accrued interest payable Unfunded commitments in affordable housing tax credit investments Allowance for credit losses on off-balance sheet commitments Other Total other liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies Shareholders equity: Preferred shares preferred shares authorized; preferred shares outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021) 
 Common shares, par value common shares authorized; and common shares issued at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively) 
 Accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income, net of taxes ) Retained earnings Less: Treasury shares and common shares at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively) 
 ) ) Total shareholders equity Total liabilities and shareholders equity 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 
 -90- 

Park National Corporation and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Statements of Income 
 for years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 (In thousands, except per share data) 2022 2021 2020 Interest and dividend income: 
 Interest and fees on loans 
 Interest and dividends on: 
 Debt securities - taxable Debt securities - tax-exempt Other interest income 
 Total interest and dividend income 
 Interest expense: 
 Interest on deposits: 
 Demand and savings deposits 
 Time deposits 
 Interest on short-term borrowings 
 Interest on subordinated notes and long-term debt Total interest expense 
 Net interest income 
 Provision for (recovery of) credit losses ) Net interest income after provision for (recovery of) credit losses Other income: 
 Income from fiduciary activities 
 Service charges on deposit accounts 
 Other service income 
 Debit card fee income 
 Bank owned life insurance income 
 ATM fees 
 Gain (loss) on the sale of OREO, net ) OREO valuation markup Net gain on the sale of debt securities Gain on equity securities, net 
 Other components of net periodic benefit income 
 Miscellaneous 
 Total other income 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 

-91- 

Park National Corporation and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Statements of Income 
 for years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 (In thousands, except per share data) 2022 2021 2020 Other expense: 
 Salaries 
 Employee benefits 
 Occupancy expense 
 Furniture and equipment expense 
 Data processing fees 
 Professional fees and services 
 Marketing 
 Insurance 
 Communication 
 State tax expense 
 Amortization of intangible assets 
 FHLB prepayment penalty Foundation contributions Miscellaneous 
 Total other expense 
 Income before income taxes 
 Income taxes 
 Net income 
 Earnings per common share: 
 Basic 
 Diluted 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 
 -92- 

Park National Corporation and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 
 for years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 (In thousands) 2022 2021 2020 Net income Other comprehensive (loss) income net of income tax: Defined benefit pension plan: Amortization of net actuarial (gain) loss and amortization of prior service (cost) credit, net of income tax effect of ), and , for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively 
 ) Unrealized net actuarial (loss) gain and prior service (cost) credit, net of income tax effect of ), and ), for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively 
 ) ) Change in funded status of defined benefit pension plan, net of income tax effect ) ) Debt securities available-for-sale: Net gain realized on sale of debt securities AFS, net of income tax effect of ) for the year ended December 31, 2020 
 ) Change in unrealized holding (loss) gain on debt securities AFS, net of income tax effect of ), ) and , for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively 
 ) ) Unrealized net holding (loss) gain on debt securities available-for-sale, net of income tax effect ) ) Cash flow hedging derivatives: Unrealized gain (loss) on cash flow hedging derivatives, net of income tax effect of , and ) for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively 
 ) Reclassification adjustment for losses included in net income on cash flow hedging derivatives, net of income tax effect of for the year ended December 31, 2022 
 Unrealized net holding gain (loss) on cash flow hedging derivatives, net of income tax effect ) Other comprehensive (loss) income ) Comprehensive income 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 

-93- 

Park National Corporation and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders Equity 
 for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 Preferred Shares Common Shares Retained Earnings Treasury Shares Accumulated Other Comprehensive (Loss) Income (In thousands, except share and per share data) Shares Outstanding Amount Shares Outstanding Amount Balance, January 1, 2020 ) ) Net income Other comprehensive income, net of income tax Cash dividends, per common share 
 ) Cash payment for fractional shares in dividend reinvestment plan ) ) Share-based compensation expense Issuance of 30,341 common shares under share-based compensation awards, net of 14,038 common shares withheld to pay employee income taxes ) Treasury shares repurchased ) ) Treasury shares reissued for director grants ) Balance, December 31, 2020 ) Cumulative effect of change in accounting principle for credit losses, net of income tax ) Balance, January 1, 2021, as adjusted ) Net income Other comprehensive income, net of income tax Cash dividends, per common share 
 ) Cash payment for fractional shares in dividend reinvestment plan ) ) Share-based compensation expense Issuance of 29,670 common shares under share-based compensation awards, net of 18,436 common shares withheld to pay employee income taxes ) ) Treasury shares repurchased ) ) Treasury shares reissued for director grants Balance, December 31, 2021 ) Net income Other comprehensive loss, net of income tax ) Cash dividends, per common share 
 ) Cash payment for fractional shares in dividend reinvestment plan ) ) Share-based compensation expense Issuance of 34,245 common shares under share-based compensation awards, net of 21,219 common shares withheld to pay employee income taxes ) ) Treasury shares reissued for director grants Balance, December 31, 2022 ) ) 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 
 -94- 

Park National Corporation and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 (In thousands) 2022 2021 2020 Operating activities: 
 Net income 
 Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: 
 Provision for (recovery of) credit losses ) Accretion of loan fees and costs, net ) ) ) Net accretion of purchase accounting adjustments ) ) ) Depreciation of premises and equipment Amortization of investment securities, net Borrowing prepayment penalty Decrease (increase) in deferred income tax ) ) Realized net debt securities gains ) Gain on equity securities, net ) ) ) Share-based compensation expense Loan originations to be sold in secondary market ) ) ) Proceeds from sale of loans in secondary market Gain on sale of loans in secondary market ) ) ) (Gain) loss on sale of OREO, net ) ) OREO valuation markup ) ) ) Gain on sale of non-mortgage loans ) Bank owned life insurance income ) ) ) Investment in qualified affordable housing tax credits amortization Changes in assets and liabilities: Increase in prepaid dealer premiums ) ) ) (Increase) decrease in other assets ) Decrease in other liabilities ) ) ) Net cash provided by operating activities Investing activities: 
 Proceeds from redemption/repurchase of Federal Home Loan Bank stock 
 Proceeds from sales of investment securities Proceeds from calls and maturities of: 
 AFS debt securities Purchase of: 
 AFS debt securities ) ) ) Equity securities ) ) Net decrease in other investments Net loan (originations) paydowns, portfolio loans ) ) 
 -95- 

Park National Corporation and Subsidiaries Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 (In thousands) 2022 2021 2020 Proceeds from the sale of non-mortgage loans Proceeds from the sale of OREO Life insurance death benefits Purchases of bank owned life insurance ) Investment in qualified affordable housing tax credits ) ) ) Purchases of premises and equipment ) ) ) Net cash used in investing activities ) ) ) Financing activities Net (decrease) increase in deposits ) Net decrease (increase) in off-balance sheet deposits ) ) Net (decrease) increase in short-term borrowings ) ) Proceeds from issuance of subordinated notes Repayment of long-term debt ) ) Value of common shares withheld to pay employee income taxes ) ) ) Repurchase of common shares to be held as treasury shares ) ) Cash dividends paid ) ) ) Net cash provided by financing activities (Decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents ) ) Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year 
 Cash and cash equivalents at end of year 
 Cash paid for: Interest 
 Federal income taxes 
 Non cash items: Loans transferred to OREO Non-mortgage loans transferred to held for sale, net Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for lease obligations New commitments in affordable housing tax credit investments New commitments in other investment securities 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 

-96- 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

1. 

-97- 

million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and is excluded from the estimate of credit losses. 
 
 ACL - HTM Debt Securities 
 Management measures expected credit losses on HTM debt securities on a collective basis by major security type. The estimate of expected credit losses considers historical credit loss information that is adjusted for current conditions and reasonable and supportable forecasts. Park does not currently hold any HTM debt securities. 
 
 Equity Securities 
 Equity securities, included within "Other investment securities" on the Consolidated Balance Sheets, are carried at fair value, with changes in fair value reported in net income. Equity securities without readily determinable fair values are carried at cost, minus impairment, if any, plus or minus changes resulting from observable price changes in orderly transactions for the identical or a similar investment. 

million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and was reported in "Accrued interest receivable" on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Late charges on loans are recognized as income when they are collected. Net loan origination fees and costs are deferred and recognized in interest income using the level-yield method without anticipating prepayments. 
 
 Commercial loans include: (1) commercial, financial and agricultural loans; (2) commercial real estate loans; (3) those commercial loans in the construction real estate loan segment; (4) those commercial loans in the residential real estate loan segment; and (5) leases. Consumer loans include: (1) mortgage and installment loans included in the construction real estate segment; (2) mortgage, home equity lines of credit ("HELOCs"), and installment loans included in the residential real estate segment; and (3) all loans included in the consumer segment. 
 Generally, commercial loans are placed on nonaccrual status at 90 days past due and consumer and residential mortgage loans are placed on nonaccrual status at 120 days past due. The delinquency status of a loan is based on contractual terms and not on 
 -98- 

-99- 

-100- 

-101- 

Troubled Debt Restructurings ("TDRs") 
 Management classifies loans as TDRs when a borrower is experiencing financial difficulty and Park has granted a concession. In order to determine whether a borrower is experiencing financial difficulty, an evaluation is performed of the probability that the borrower will be in payment default on any of the borrower's debt in the foreseeable future without the modification. This evaluation is performed under the Company s internal underwriting policy. Management s policy is to modify loans by extending the term or by granting a temporary or permanent contractual interest rate below the market rate, not by forgiving debt. A court's discharge of a borrower's debt in a Chapter 7 bankruptcy is considered a concession when the borrower does not reaffirm the discharged debt. 
 
 Additionally, during the COVID-19 pandemic, Park worked with borrowers and provided modifications in the form of either interest only deferral or principal and interest deferral, in each case, for initial periods up to 90 days. As necessary, Park made available a second 90-day interest only deferral or principal and interest deferral bringing the total potential deferral period to six months. A majority of these modifications were excluded from TDR classification under Section 4013 of the CARES Act or under applicable interagency guidance of the federal banking regulators. In accordance with this guidance, such modified loans were considered current and continued to accrue interest during the deferral period. 
 
 -102- 

Years 
 Building improvements to Years 
 Equipment, furniture and fixtures to Years 
 Software 3 Years or the contractual useful life of the software 
 Leasehold improvements Shorter of the remaining lease period or the estimated useful life of the improvement 

and million, respectively, of foreclosed assets included within Other assets. 
 -103- 

-104- 

-105- 

-106- 

2. 
 million as of January 1, 2021 for the cumulative effect of adopting ASC 326. 
 
 Park adopted ASC 326 using the prospective transition approach for financial assets PCD that were previously classified as PCI and accounted for under ASC 310-30. In accordance with ASC 326, management did not reassess whether PCI assets met the criteria of PCD assets as of the date of adoption. On January 1, 2021, the amortized cost basis of the PCD assets was adjusted to reflect the addition of to the allowance for credit losses. The remaining noncredit discount (based on the adjusted amortized cost basis) will be accreted into interest income at the effective interest rate as of January 1, 2021. 
 
 As permitted by ASC 326, Park elected to maintain pools of loans accounted for under ASC 310-30. In accordance with ASC 326, management did not reassess whether modifications to individual acquired financial assets accounted for in pools were TDRs as of the date of adoption. 
 
 -107- 

) ACL on loans Commercial, financial and agricultural ) Commercial real estate Construction real estate ) Residential real estate Consumer Leases Total ACL on loans Liabilities: ACL on off-balance sheet commitments Net deferred tax liability ) Shareholders' equity: ) 
 
 ASU 2020-04 - Reference Rate Reform (Topic 848): Facilitation of the Effect of Reference Rate Reform on Financial Reporting : In March 2020, the FASB issued ASU 2020-04 - Reference Rate Reform (Topic 848): Facilitation of the Effect of Reference Rate Reform on Financial Reporting . The amendments in this ASU provide optional expedients and exceptions to applying GAAP to contracts, hedging relationships and other transactions impacted by reference rate reform if certain criteria are met. The amendments in this ASU were officially effective as of March 12, 2020 through December 31, 2022 but were extended by ASU 2022-06 as described below. The adoption of this guidance did not have a material impact on Park's consolidated financial statements, but Park will consider this guidance as contracts are transitioned from LIBOR to another reference rate. 
 
 Staff Accounting Bulletin ("SAB") No. 121: In March 2022, the SEC issued SAB No. 121. This SAB adds interpretive guidance for entities to consider when they have obligations to safeguard crypto-assets held for their platform users. Specifically, this SAB provides interpretive guidance on the accounting and disclosure of obligations to safeguard crypto-assets held for platform users. This guidance was applicable no later than the financial statement covering the first interim or annual period ending after June 15, 2022. Management reviewed its business activities as of the date of adoption, June 30, 2022, and determined that SAB 121 was not materially impactful to the consolidated financial statements. Management has continued to monitor the impact of the guidance on a quarterly basis and determined that SAB 121 was not materially impactful to the financial statements at December 31, 2022. 
 
 ASU 2022-06 - Reference Rate Reform (Topic 848) Deferral of the Sunset Date of Topic 848: In December 2022, the FASB issued ASU 2022-06 - Reference Rate Reform (Topic 848): Deferral of the Sunset Date of Topic 848. ASU 2022-06 was issued to extend the period of time preparers can use the reference rate reform relief guidance under the ASC Topic 848 from December 31, 2022 to December 31, 2024. The FASB had previously included a sunset provision within Topic 848 based on expectations of when the LIBOR would cease being published. At the time that ASU 2020-04 - Reference Rate Reform (Topic 848): Facilitation of the Effect of Reference Rate Reform on Financial Reporting was issued, the UK Financial Conduct Authority had established the intent that it would no longer be necessary for banks to submit to LIBOR after December 31, 2021. As a result, the sunset provision was set for December 31, 2022, 12 months after the expected cessation date of all currencies and tenors of LIBOR. In March 2021, the UK Financial Conduct Authority announced that the intended cessation date of LIBOR would be June 30, 2023, which is beyond the current sunset date of Topic 848 . The amendments of ASU 
 -108- 

3. 
 
 -109- 

4. 
 Obligations of states and political subdivisions U.S. Government sponsored entities asset-backed securities Collateralized loan obligations Corporate debt securities Total 

(In thousands) Amortized Cost Gross Unrealized Holding Gains Gross Unrealized Holding Losses Fair Value 2021: 
 Debt Securities Available-for-Sale 
 Obligations of states and political subdivisions U.S. Government sponsored entities asset-backed securities Collateralized loan obligations Corporate debt securities Total 
 
 All debt securities were classified as AFS at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. 
 
 -110- 

Obligations of states and political subdivisions U.S. Government sponsored entities asset-backed securities Collateralized loan obligations Corporate debt securities Total 

Less than 12 Months 12 Months or Longer Total (In thousands) Fair Value Unrealized Losses Fair Value Unrealized Losses Fair Value Unrealized Losses 2021: 
 Debt Securities Available-for-Sale Obligations of states and political subdivisions U.S. Government sponsored entities asset-backed securities Collateralized loan obligations Corporate debt securities Total 
 
 billion of securities, billion of which were in an unrealized loss position with unrealized losses of million. Of the billion of securities in an unrealized loss position, million were in an unrealized loss position for 12 months or longer. Of the million in unrealized losses, an aggregate of million were related to Park's "Obligations of U.S. Government sponsored entities" portfolio and Park's "U.S. Government sponsored entities' asset-backed securities" portfolio. For non-agency debt securities, Park verified that the current credit ratings remain above investment grade. Management periodically reviews the credit profile of each non-agency debt security and assesses whether any impairment to the contractually obligated cash flow is likely to occur. Based on these reviews, management has concluded that the underlying creditworthiness for each security remains sufficient to maintain required payment obligations and, therefore, unrealized losses have not been recognized into net income. Management does not intend to sell, and it is not more likely than not that management would be required to sell, the securities prior to their anticipated recovery in respect of the unrealized losses. Management believes the value will recover as the securities approach maturity or market rates change. 
 
 There was allowance for credit losses recorded for debt securities AFS at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. Additionally, for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, there were credit-related investment impairment losses recognized. 

-111- 

Obligations of states and political subdivisions Due one through five years Due five through ten years Due greater than ten years Total U.S. Government sponsored entities asset-backed securities Collateralized loan obligations Corporate debt securities Due five through ten years 
 (1) The tax equivalent yield for obligations of states and political subdivisions includes the effects of a taxable equivalent adjustment using a 21 federal corporate income tax rate. 
 
 At December 31, 2022, investment securities with an amortized cost of million were pledged for government and public fund deposits, million were pledged to secure repurchase agreements and million were pledged as collateral for FHLB advance borrowings. At December 31, 2021, investment securities with an amortized cost of million were pledged for government and public fund deposits, million were pledged to secure repurchase agreements and million were pledged as collateral for FHLB advance borrowings. 
 
 At December 31, 2022, there were holdings of securities of any one issuer, other than the U.S. Government and its agencies, in an amount greater than of shareholders equity. 
 
 There were sales of AFS debt securities during 2022 and 2021. During 2020, Park sold certain AFS debt securities with a book value of million at a gross loss of and sold certain AFS debt securities with a book value of million at a gross gain of million. 
 
 Other Investment Securities 
 Other investment securities (as shown on the Consolidated Balance Sheets) consist of restricted stock investments in the FHLB and the FRB, and equity securities. The FHLB and FRB restricted stock investments are carried at their redemption value. Equity securities with a readily determinable fair value are carried at fair value. Equity securities without a readily determinable fair value are recorded at cost, minus impairment, if any, plus or minus changes resulting from observable price changes in orderly transactions ("modified cost"). Park's portfolio of equity investments in limited partnerships which provide mezzanine funding ("Partnership Investments") are valued using the net asset value practical expedient in accordance with ASC 820. 
 
 -112- 

FRB stock Equity investments carried at fair value Equity investments carried at modified cost (1) 
 Equity investments carried at net asset value Total other investment securities 
 (1) There have been no impairments or downward adjustments made to equity investments carried at modified cost. An upward adjustment of was recorded during the year ended December 31, 2022 as a result of observable price changes. There were no adjustments recorded during the year ended December 31, 2021 as a result of observable price changes. 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, the FHLB repurchased shares of FHLB stock with a book value of million. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the FHLB repurchased shares of FHLB stock with a book value of million. During the year ended December 31, 2020, the FHLB repurchased shares of FHLB stock with a book value of million. shares of FRB stock were purchased or sold in any of the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, or 2020. 
 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, , and ), respectively, of gains (losses) on equity investments carried at fair value were recorded within "Gain on equity securities, net" on the Consolidated Statements of Income. 
 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, million, million and million, respectively, of gains on equity investments carried at NAV were recorded within "Gain on equity securities, net" on the Consolidated Statements of Income. 
 
 -113- 

5. 
 PPP loans Overdrafts Commercial real estate (1) 
 Construction real estate: Commercial Retail Residential real estate: Commercial Mortgage HELOC Installment Consumer: Consumer GFSC Check loans Leases Total Allowance for credit losses ) ) Net loans 
 (1) Included within each of commercial, financial and agricultural loans and commercial real estate loans is an immaterial amount of consumer loans that were not broken out by class. 
 
 In order to support customers, Park participated in the CARES Act Paycheck Protection Program ("PPP"). For its assistance in originating the first round of PPP loans during 2020, Park received an aggregate of million in fees from the SBA, and for its assistance in originating additional PPP loans during 2021, Park received an aggregate of million in fees from the SBA. During the years ended December 31, 2022, December 31, 2021, and December 31, 2020, million, million, and million, respectively, of PPP fee income was recognized within loan interest income. 
 
 Loans are shown net of deferred origination fees, costs and unearned income of million at December 31, 2022, and of million at December 31, 2021, which represented a net deferred income position in both years. At December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, included in the net deferred origination fees, costs and unearned income were and million, respectively, in net origination fees related to PPP loans. At December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, loans included purchase accounting adjustments of million and million, respectively, which represented a net deferred income position at each date. This fair market value purchase accounting adjustment is expected to be recognized into interest income on a level yield basis over the remaining expected life of the loans. 
 
 Overdrawn deposit accounts of million and million were reclassified to loans at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. 

-114- 

PPP loans Overdrafts Commercial real estate Construction real estate: Commercial Retail Residential real estate: Commercial Mortgage HELOC Installment Consumer: Consumer GFSC Check loans Leases Total loans 

-115- 

PPP loans Overdrafts Commercial real estate Construction real estate: Commercial Mortgage Residential real estate: Commercial Mortgage HELOC Installment Consumer Consumer GFSC Check loans Leases Total loans 

-116- 

PPP loans Overdrafts Commercial real estate Construction real estate: Commercial Retail Residential real estate: Commercial Mortgage HELOC Installment Consumer Consumer GFSC Check loans Leases Total loans 

-117- 

PPP loans Overdrafts Commercial real estate Construction real estate: Commercial Retail Residential real estate: Commercial Mortgage HELOC Installment Consumer Consumer GFSC Check loans Leases Total loans 
 
 Nonaccrual commercial loans are evaluated on an individual basis and are excluded from the collective evaluation. Management s general practice is to proactively charge down loans individually evaluated to the fair value of the underlying collateral. Nonaccrual consumer loans are collectively evaluated based on similar risk characteristics. 
 
 Commercial real estate Construction real estate: Commercial Residential real estate: Commercial Mortgage Leases Total loans 
 
 -118- 

Commercial real estate Construction real estate: Commercial Residential real estate: Commercial Mortgage HELOC Leases Total loans 
 
 Interest income on nonaccrual loans individually evaluated for impairment is recognized on a cash basis only when Park expects to receive the entire recorded investment in the loans. The following table presents interest income recognized on nonaccrual loans for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: 
 
 Interest Income Recognized (In thousands) December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Commercial, financial and agricultural: Commercial, financial and agricultural PPP loans Overdrafts Commercial real estate Construction real estate: Commercial Retail Residential real estate: Commercial Mortgage HELOC Installment Consumer: Consumer GFSC Check loans Leases Total loans 
 
 -119- 

Commercial real estate Construction real estate: Commercial Residential real estate: Commercial Consumer Leases Total 
 
 PPP loans Overdrafts Commercial real estate Construction real estate: Commercial Retail Residential real estate: Commercial Mortgage HELOC Installment Consumer: Consumer GFSC Check loans Leases Total loans 
 (1) Includes an aggregate of million of loans past due 90 days or more and accruing. The remaining loans were past due nonaccrual loans. 
 (2) Includes an aggregate of million of nonaccrual loans which were current in regards to contractual principal and interest payments. 
 
 -120- 

PPP loans Overdrafts Commercial real estate Construction real estate: Commercial Mortgage Residential real estate: Commercial Mortgage HELOC Installment Consumer Consumer GFSC Check loans Leases Total loans 
 (1) Includes an aggregate of million of loans past due 90 days or more and accruing. The remaining loans were past due nonaccrual loans. 
 million of nonaccrual loans which were current in regards to contractual principal and interest payments. 
 
 Credit Quality Indicators 
 Management utilizes past due information as a credit quality indicator across the loan portfolio. Past due information at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 is included in the previous tables. The past due information is the primary credit quality indicator within the following classes of loans: (1) overdrafts in the commercial, financial and agricultural portfolio segment; (2) retail loans in the construction real estate portfolio segment; (3) mortgage loans, HELOC and installment loans in the residential real estate portfolio segment; and (4) consumer loans, GFSC loans, and check loans in the consumer portfolio segment. The primary credit indicator for commercial loans is based on an internal grading system that grades all commercial loans on a scale from 1 to 8. Credit grades are continuously monitored by the responsible loan officer and adjustments are made when appropriate. A grade of 1 indicates little or no credit risk and a grade of 8 is considered a loss. Commercial loans that are pass-rated (graded an 1 through a 4) are considered to be of acceptable credit risk. Commercial loans graded a 5 (special mention) are considered to be watch list credits and a higher PD is applied to these loans. Loans classified as special mention have potential weaknesses that require management s close attention. If left uncorrected, these potential weaknesses may result in deterioration of the repayment prospects for the loan or of Park s credit position at some future date. Commercial loans graded a 6 (substandard), also considered watch list credits, are considered to represent higher credit risk and, as a result, a higher PD is applied to these loans. Loans classified as substandard are inadequately protected by the current sound worth and paying capacity of the obligor or the value of the collateral pledged, if any. Loans so classified have a well-defined weakness or weaknesses that jeopardize the liquidation of the debt. They are characterized by the distinct possibility that Park will sustain some loss if the deficiencies are not corrected. Commercial loans graded a 7 (doubtful) are shown as nonaccrual and Park generally charges these loans down to their fair value by taking a partial charge-off or recording a specific reserve. Loans classified as doubtful have all the weaknesses inherent in those classified as substandard with the added characteristic that the weaknesses make collection or liquidation in full, on the basis of currently existing facts, conditions, and values, highly questionable and improbable. Certain 6-rated loans and all 7-rated loans are placed on nonaccrual status and included within the individually evaluated category. A loan is deemed impaired, and is individually evaluated, when management determines the borrower's ability to perform in accordance with the contractual loan agreement is in doubt. Any commercial loan graded an 8 (loss) is completely charged off. 
 
 -121- 

Special Mention Substandard Doubtful Total 
 Commercial, financial and agricultural: PPP Risk rating Pass Special Mention Substandard Doubtful Total 
 Commercial real estate (1) 
 Risk rating Pass Special Mention Substandard Doubtful Total 
 Construction real estate: Commercial Risk rating Pass Special Mention Substandard Doubtful Total 
 Residential Real Estate: Commercial Risk rating Pass Special Mention Substandard Doubtful Total 
 Leases Risk rating Pass Special Mention Substandard Doubtful Total 
 -122- 

Special Mention Substandard Doubtful Total 
 (1) Included within each of commercial, financial and agricultural loans and commercial real estate loans is an immaterial amount of consumer loans that are not broken out by class. 
 
 December 31, 2021 Term Loans Amortized Cost Basis by Origination Year (In thousands) 2021 2020 2019 2018 2017 Prior Revolving Loans Amortized Cost Basis Total Commercial, financial and agricultural: Commercial, financial and agricultural (1) 
 Risk rating Pass Special Mention Substandard Doubtful Total 
 Commercial, financial and agricultural: PPP Risk rating Pass Special Mention Substandard Doubtful Total 
 Commercial real estate (1) 
 Risk rating Pass Special Mention Substandard Doubtful Total 
 Construction real estate: Commercial Risk rating Pass Special Mention Substandard Doubtful Total 
 Residential Real Estate: Commercial Risk rating Pass Special Mention Substandard Doubtful Total 
 -123- 

Special Mention Substandard Doubtful Total 
 Total Commercial Loans Risk rating Pass Special Mention Substandard Doubtful Total 
 (1) Included within each of commercial, financial and agricultural loans and commercial real estate loans is an immaterial amount of consumer loans that are not broken out by class. 
 
 Park considers the performance of the loan portfolio and its impact on the allowance for credit losses. For residential and consumer loan classes, Park also evaluates credit quality based on the aging status of the loan, which was previously presented, and by performing status. The following tables present the amortized cost in residential and consumer loans based on performing status. Park defines a loan as nonperforming if it is on nonaccrual status, designated as an accruing TDR, or is greater than 90 days past due and accruing. 
 
 December 31, 2022 Term Loans Amortized Cost Basis by Origination Year (In thousands) 2022 2021 2020 2019 2018 Prior Revolving Loans Amortized Cost Basis Total Commercial, financial and agricultural: Overdrafts Performing Nonperforming Total 
 Construction Real Estate: Retail Performing Nonperforming Total 
 Residential Real Estate: Mortgage Performing Nonperforming Total 
 Residential Real Estate: HELOC Performing Nonperforming Total 
 Residential Real Estate: Installment Performing Nonperforming Total 
 -124- 

Nonperforming Total 
 Consumer: GFSC Performing Nonperforming Total 
 Consumer: Check loans Performing Nonperforming Total 
 Total Consumer Loans Performing Nonperforming 
 Total 
 
 December 31, 2021 Term Loans Amortized Cost Basis by Origination Year (In thousands) 2021 2020 2019 2018 2017 Prior Revolving Loans Amortized Cost Basis Total Commercial, financial and agricultural: Overdrafts Performing Nonperforming Total 
 Construction Real Estate: Retail Performing Nonperforming Total 
 Residential Real Estate: Mortgage Performing Nonperforming Total 
 Residential Real Estate: HELOC Performing Nonperforming Total 
 Residential Real Estate: Installment Performing Nonperforming Total 
 Consumer: Consumer Performing Nonperforming Total 
 -125- 

Nonperforming Total 
 Consumer: Check loans Performing Nonperforming Total 
 Total Consumer Loans Performing Nonperforming 
 Total 
 
 Loans and Leases Acquired with Deteriorated Credit Quality 
 In conjunction with the NewDominion acquisition, Park acquired loans with a book value of million as of the July 1, 2018 acquisition date. These loans were recorded at the initial fair value of million. NewDominion loans acquired with deteriorated credit quality (ASC 310-30) with a book value of million were recorded at the initial fair value of million. In conjunction with the Carolina Alliance acquisition, Park acquired loans and leases with a book value of million as of the April 1, 2019 acquisition date. Carolina Alliance loans and leases were recorded at the initial fair value of million. Loans and leases acquired with deteriorated credit quality (ASC 310-30) with a book value of million were recorded at the initial fair value of million. 
 
 Upon adoption of CECL on January 1, 2021, of the credit discount on PCD loans was reclassified to the allowance for credit losses. PCD loans are individually evaluated on a quarterly basis to determine if a specific reserve is necessary. At each of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, there was no allowance for credit losses on PCD loans. The carrying amount of loans acquired with deteriorated credit quality at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 was million and million, respectively. 
 
 Troubled Debt Restructurings 
 Management typically classifies loans as TDRs when a borrower is experiencing financial difficulties and Park has granted a concession to the borrower as part of a modification or in the loan renewal process. In order to determine whether a borrower is experiencing financial difficulty, an evaluation is performed of the probability that the borrower will be in payment default on any of the borrower's debt in the foreseeable future without the modification. This evaluation is performed in accordance with the Company s internal underwriting policy. Management s policy is to modify loans by extending the term or by granting a temporary or permanent contractual interest rate below the market rate, not by forgiving debt. A court's discharge of a borrower's debt in a Chapter 7 bankruptcy is considered a concession when the borrower does not reaffirm the discharged debt. 
 
 In response to the COVID-19 pandemic, Park worked with borrowers and provided modifications in the form of either interest only deferral or principal and interest deferral, in each case, for initial periods of up to 90 days. As necessary, Park made available a second 90-day interest only deferral or principal and interest deferral bringing the total potential deferral period to six months. Modifications were structured in a manner to best address each individual customer's then current situation. A majority of these modifications were excluded from the TDR classification under Section 4013 of the CARES Act or under applicable interagency guidance of the federal banking regulators. The modified loans were considered current and continued to accrue interest during the deferral period. Section 4013 of the CARES Act expired on December 31, 2021; therefore, modifications occurring after that date are subject to previous TDR classification guidance. As of December 31, 2022, there were no loans which were still within the COVID-19 deferral period. 
 
 Certain loans which were modified during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 did not meet the definition of a TDR as the modification was a delay in a payment that was considered to be insignificant. Management considers a forbearance period of up to three months or a delay in payment of up to 30 days to be insignificant. TDRs may be classified as accruing if the borrower has been current for a period of at least six months with respect to loan payments and management expects that the 
 -126- 

million of substandard commercial loans modified during the year ended December 31, 2022 that did not meet the definition of a TDR. Excluding COVID-19 related modifications, there were million of substandard commercial loans modified during the year ended December 31, 2021 that did not meet the definition of a TDR. Consumer loans modified during 2022, which did not meet the definition of a TDR, had a total amortized cost at December 31, 2022 of million. Excluding COVID-19 related modifications, consumer loans modified during 2021, which did not meet the definition of a TDR, had a total amortized cost at December 31, 2021 of million. Many of these loans were to borrowers who were not experiencing financial difficulties but who were looking to reduce their cost of funds. 
 
 At December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were million and million, respectively, of TDRs included in the nonaccrual loan totals. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, million and million, respectively, of these nonaccrual TDRs were performing in accordance with the terms of the restructured notes. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, loans totaling million and million, respectively, were included in accruing TDR loan totals. Management will continue to review the restructured loans and may determine it is appropriate to move certain nonaccrual TDRs to accrual status in the future. 
 
 At December 31, 2022 and 2021, Park had commitments to lend million and million, respectively, of additional funds to borrowers whose outstanding loan terms had been modified in a TDR. 
 
 At December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were million and million, respectively, of specific reserves related to TDRs. Modifications made in 2022 and 2021 were largely the result of renewals and extending the maturity date of the loans at terms consistent with the original notes. These modifications were deemed to be TDRs primarily due to Park s conclusion that the borrower would likely not have qualified for similar terms through another lender. Many of the modifications deemed to be TDRs were previously identified as individually evaluated loans, and thus were also previously evaluated for impairment under ASC 310. Additional specific reserves of million were recorded during the year ended December 31, 2022, as a result of TDRs identified in the 2022 year. Additional specific reserves of million were recorded during the year ended December 31, 2021, as a result of TDRs identified in the 2021 year. Additional specific reserves of were recorded during the year ended December 31, 2020, as a result of TDRs identified in the 2020 year. 
 
 Quarterly, management reviews renewals/modifications of loans previously identified as TDRs to consider if it is appropriate to remove the TDR classification. If the borrower is no longer experiencing financial difficulty and the renewal/modification did not contain a concessionary interest rate or other concessionary terms and the terms of the renewal/modification are considered to be market terms based on the current risk characteristics of the borrower, management considers the potential removal of the TDR classification. If deemed appropriate, the TDR classification is removed if the borrower has complied with the terms of the loan at the date of the renewal/modification and there was a reasonable expectation that the borrower will continue to comply with the terms of the loan subsequent to the date of the renewal/modification. The majority of these TDRs were originally considered restructurings in a prior year as a result of a renewal/modification with an interest rate that was not commensurate with the risk of the underlying loan at the time of the renewal/modification. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, Park removed the TDR classification on million and million, respectively, of loans that met the requirements discussed above. 

-127- 

PPP loans Overdrafts Commercial real estate Construction real estate: Commercial Retail Residential real estate: Commercial Mortgage HELOC Installment Consumer: Consumer GFSC Check loans Leases Total loans 
 
 Year ended December 31, 2021 (In thousands) Number of Contracts Accruing Nonaccrual Amortized Cost Commercial, financial and agricultural Commercial, financial and agricultural PPP loans Overdrafts Commercial real estate Construction real estate: Commercial Retail Residential real estate: Commercial Mortgage HELOC Installment Consumer: Consumer GFSC Check loans Leases Total loans 
 -128- 

Commercial real estate Construction real estate: Commercial Mortgage Installment Residential real estate: Commercial Mortgage HELOC Installment Consumer Total loans 
 
 Of those loans which were modified and determined to be a TDR during the year ended December 31, 2022, million were on nonaccrual status as of December 31, 2021. Of those loans which were modified and determined to be a TDR during the year ended December 31, 2021, million were on nonaccrual status as of December 31, 2020. Of those loans which were modified and determined to be a TDR during the year ended December 31, 2020, million were on nonaccrual status as of December 31, 2019. 

-129- 

Commercial, financial and agricultural (1) (1) PPP loans (1) (1) Overdrafts (1) (1) Commercial real estate Construction real estate: Commercial Retail Residential real estate: Commercial Mortgage HELOC Installment Consumer Consumer (1) (1) GFSC (1) (1) Check loans (1) (1) Leases Total loans 
 (1) Results for reporting periods beginning after January 1, 2021 are presented under ASC 326, while prior period amounts continue to be reported in accordance with previously applicable U.S. GAAP. Category was not broken out as a separate class at December 31, 2020. 
 
 Of the million in modified TDRs which defaulted during the year ended December 31, 2022, million were accruing loans and million were nonaccrual loans. Of the million in modified TDRs which defaulted during the year ended December 31, 2021, were accruing loans and million were nonaccrual loans. Of the million in modified TDRs which defaulted during the year ended December 31, 2020, were accruing loans and million were nonaccrual loans. 
 
 Certain of the Corporation s executive officers, directors and related entities of directors are loan customers of PNB. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, credit exposure aggregating approximately million and million, respectively, was outstanding to such parties. Of this total exposure, approximately million and million was outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, with the remaining balance representing available credit. During 2022, new loans and advances on existing loans were made to these executive officers, directors and related entities of directors totaling million and million, respectively. These extensions of credit were offset by aggregate principal payments of million. During 2021, new loans and advances on existing loans were million and million, respectively. These extensions of credit were offset by aggregate principal payments of million and the removal of loans from the related party listing totaling million. 

6. 
 
 -130- 

million increase to the ACL and a million increase to the allowance for unfunded credit losses. A cumulative effect adjustment resulting in an million decrease to retained earnings and a million increase to deferred tax assets was also recorded as of the adoption of ASU 2016-13. 
 
 Quantitative Considerations 
 The ACL is primarily calculated utilizing a DCF model. Key inputs and assumptions used in this model are discussed below: 
 
 Forecast model - For each portfolio segment, a LDA was performed in order to identify appropriate loss drivers and create a regression model for use in forecasting cash flows. The LDA analysis utilized Park's own FFIEC Call Report data for the commercial, financial and agricultural and residential real estate portfolio segments. Peer data was incorporated into the analysis for the commercial real estate, construction real estate, and consumer portfolio segments. Park updated the LDA in the fourth quarter of 2022 with data through September 30, 2022. After considering the impact of the inclusion of periods impacted by COVID, as well as analysis of the ongoing applicability of the selected peer group, management decided it was appropriate to continue to utilize the LDA analysis from the fourth quarter of 2019 as the correlation of the LDA was higher. 
 Probability of default PD is the probability that an asset will be in default within a given time frame. Park has defined default to be when a charge-off has occurred, a loan is placed on nonaccrual, or a loan is greater than 90 days past due. Whenever possible, Park utilizes its own loan-level PDs for the reasonable and supportable forecast period. When loan-level data is not available reflecting the forecasted economic conditions, a forecast model is utilized to estimate PDs. 
 Loss given default LGD is the percentage of the asset not expected to be collected due to default. Whenever possible, Park utilizes its own loan-level LGDs for the reasonable and supportable forecast period. When it is not possible to use Park's own LGDs, the LGD is derived using a method referred to as Frye Jacobs. 
 Prepayments and curtailments Prepayments and curtailments are calculated based on Park s own data utilizing a three-year average. This analysis is updated annually in the fourth quarter and was last updated in the fourth quarter of 2022. 
 Forecast and reversion Park has established a one-year reasonable and supportable forecast period with a one-year straight line reversion to the long-term historical average. 
 Economic forecast - Park utilizes a third party to provide economic forecasts under various scenarios, which are weighted in order to reflect model risk in the current economic environment. The scenario weighting is evaluated by management on a quarterly basis. 
 As of December 31, 2021, the "most likely" scenario forecasted Ohio unemployment to decrease, to a range between 3.32 and 3.97 , during the next four quarters. In determining the appropriate weighting of scenarios at December 31, 2021, management considered the range of forecasted unemployment as well as a number of economic indicators. While some economic indications appeared to be optimistic, the Omicron variant, rising inflation, volatility in consumer confidence, employment, supply chain and workforce challenges continued to cause uncertainty to the overall economic environment. Considering these factors, management determined it was appropriate to weigh the "most likely" scenario 50 and the "moderate recession" scenario 50 at December 31, 2021. 
 A s of December 31, 2022, the "most likely" scenario forecasted Ohio unemployment between 4.14 and 4.36 during the next four quarters. In determining the appropriate weighting of scenarios at December 31, 2022, management considered the range of forecasted unemployment as well as a number of economic indicators. The continued high levels of inflation, historically low consumer confidence, rising interest rates, geopolitical conflict (including the conflict between Russia and Ukraine), and workforce and supply chain challenges continued to cause uncertainty to the overall economic environment. Considering these factors, management determined it was appropriate to maintain the existing weighting, and weigh the "most likely" scenario 50 and the "moderate recession" scenario 50 at December 31, 20 22. Deteriorating forecasts, largely in the "moderate recession" scenario, resulted in a 10 basis point increase in the weighted quantitative allowance from December 31, 2021. 
 
 Qualitative Considerations 
 Park reviews various internal and external factors to consider the need for any qualitative adjustments to the quantitative model. Factors considered include the following : 
 The nature and volume of Park s financial assets; the existence, growth, and effect of any concentrations of credit and the volume and severity of past due financial assets, the volume of nonaccrual assets, and the volume and severity of adversely classified or graded assets. Specifically, management considers: 
 -131- 

Restaurants and food service Strip shopping centers Total 
 
 Additionally, at December 31, 2021, management applied a 1.00 reserve to all hotels and accommodations loans in the collectively evaluated population to account for increased valuation risk. At December 31, 2021, Park's collectively evaluated hotels and accommodation loans had a balance of million with an additional reserve related to valuation risks of million. With improvement in occupancy and revenue in Park's hotel and accommodations portfolio, management concluded it appropriate to decrease the hotel and accommodations valuation reserve to at December 31, 2022. 
 
 At December 31, 2022 and 2021, Park had million and million, respectively, of PPP loans which were included in the commercial, financial and agricultural portfolio segment. These loans are guaranteed by the SBA and thus have not been reserved for using the same methodology as the rest of Park s loan portfolio. A 10 basis point reserve was calculated for these loans to reflect minimal credit risk at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. 
 
 -132- 

Charge-offs Recoveries ) ) ) ) ) ) ) Net charge-offs (recoveries) ) ) Provision (recovery) ) ) ) Ending balance 
 Year ended December 31, 2021 (In thousands) Commercial, financial and agricultural Commercial real estate Construction real estate Residential real estate Consumer Leases Total Allowance for credit losses: Beginning balance Impact of adopting ASC 326 ) ) Charge-offs Recoveries ) ) ) ) ) ) ) Net charge-offs (recoveries) ) ) ) ) ) (Recovery) Provision ) ) ) ) ) ) ) Ending balance 
 
 Year ended December 31, 2020 (In thousands) Commercial, financial and agricultural Commercial real estate Construction real estate Residential real estate Consumer Leases Total Allowance for credit losses: Beginning balance Charge-offs Recoveries ) ) ) ) ) ) ) Net (recoveries) charge-offs ) ) ) ) (Recovery) Provision ) Ending balance 
 
 ACL Summary 
 Loans collectively evaluated for impairment in the following tables include all performing loans at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, as well as nonperforming loans internally classified as consumer loans. Nonperforming consumer loans are not typically individually evaluated for impairment, but receive a portion of the statistical allocation of the ACL. Loans individually evaluated for impairment include all loans internally classified as commercial nonaccrual loans and TDRs at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, which are evaluated for impairment in accordance with U.S. GAAP (See Note 1-Significant Accounting Policies). 

-133- 

Collectively evaluated for impairment Acquired with deteriorated credit quality Total ending allowance balance Loan balance: Loans individually evaluated for impairment Loans collectively evaluated for impairment Loans acquired with deteriorated credit quality Total ending loan balance ACL as a percentage of loan balance: Loans individually evaluated for impairment Loans collectively evaluated for impairment Loans acquired with deteriorated credit quality Total 
 
 -134- 

Collectively evaluated for impairment Acquired with deteriorated credit quality Total ending allowance balance Loan balance: Loans individually evaluated for impairment Loans collectively evaluated for impairment Loans acquired with deteriorated credit quality Total ending loan balance ACL as a percentage of loan balance: Loans individually evaluated for impairment Loans collectively evaluated for impairment Loans acquired with deteriorated credit quality Total 

7 
 million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. These amounts are included in "Loans" on the Consolidated Balance Sheets and in the residential real estate loan segments in Note 5 - Loans and Note 6 - Allowance for Credit Losses. The contractual balance was million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The gain expected upon sale was and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. None of these loans were 90 days or more past due or on nonaccrual status at December 31, 2022 or 2021. 
 
 During 2022, Park transferred certain commercial loans held for investment, previously nonperforming, with an amortized cost of million, to the loans held for sale portfolio. The transferred loans were recorded at the lower of cost or fair value, recording a charge-off in each instance where the fair value of an individual loan was deemed to be below the carrying cost at the time the loans were moved to the held for sale portfolio. The sale of million in loans held for sale was subsequently completed and Park recognized a gain on sale of which is recorded within "Miscellaneous income" on the Consolidated Statements of Income. The remaining million in loans held for sale were transferred back to loans held for investment at the lower of cost or fair value. During 2020, Park transferred a non-performing loan held for investment, with a book balance of million, to the loans held for sale portfolio, and subsequently completed the sale of this non-performing loan held for sale, recognizing no gain or loss on sale. non-performing loans were held for sale or sold during 2021. 
 
 -135- 

8. 
 Amortization December 31, 2020 Amortization December 31, 2021 Amortization December 31, 2022 
 
 Goodwill 
 
 Goodwill impairment exists when a reporting unit's carrying value exceeds its fair value. Park evaluates goodwill for impairment on April 1 of each year, with financial data as of March 31. At April 1, 2022, the Company's reporting unit, PNB, had positive equity and the Company elected to perform a qualitative assessment to determine if it was more likely than not that the fair value of the reporting unit exceeded its carrying value, including goodwill. The qualitative assessment indicated that it was more likely than not that the fair value of the reporting unit exceeded its carrying value, resulting in no impairment. 
 
 Acquired Intangible Assets 
 
 Trade name intangible Total 
 
 Core deposit intangibles are being amortized, on an accelerated basis, over a period of ten years. Amortization expense for the core deposit intangibles was million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 
 
 -136- 

9. 
 Buildings Equipment, furniture and fixtures Leasehold improvements Software Total Less accumulated depreciation ) ) Premises and equipment, net 
 
 Depreciation expense amounted to million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 Less accumulated depreciation ) ) Leased assets, net 
 
 Depreciation expense on operating lease assets of million, million, and million was recorded for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 respectively. 

10. 
 Unfunded commitments 
 
 Commitments are funded when capital calls are made by the general partner of a limited partnership. Park expects that the commitments as of December 31, 2022 will be funded between 2023 and 2032. 
 
 During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, Park recognized amortization expense of million, million and million, respectively, which was included within the provision for income taxes. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, Park recognized tax credits and other benefits from its affordable housing tax credit investments of million, million and million, respectively. 
 
 -137- 

11. 
 Residential real estate Total OREO Loans in process of foreclosure: Residential real estate 
 
 Assets acquired through or in lieu of loan foreclosure are initially recorded at fair value less costs to sell when acquired. During the year ended December 31, 2022, Park recognized a million OREO valuation markup related to the foreclosure and subsequent sale of a property collateralizing a former Vision Bank relationship. This income is included in "OREO valuation markup" on the Consolidated Statements of Income. There was OREO valuation markup related to former Vision Bank relationships during the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, Park recognized a million gain on the sale of OREO related to former Vision Bank relationships. This income is included in "Gain (loss) on the sale of OREO, net" on the Consolidated Statements of Income. There was gain or loss on the sale of OREO related to former Vision Bank relationships during the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 
 million and million in other repossessed assets which are included in "Other assets" on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. At December 31, 2021, the other repossessed assets largely consisted of an aircraft acquired as part of a loan workout. 

12. 
 million at December 31, 2022, compared to million at December 31, 2021 and million at December 31, 2020. At December 31, 2022, million of the sold mortgage loans were sold with recourse compared to million at December 31, 2021 and million at December 31, 2020. Management closely monitors the delinquency rates on the mortgage loans sold with recourse. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, management had established a reserve of and , respectively, to account for future loan repurchases. 
 
 When Park sells mortgage loans with servicing rights retained, servicing rights are initially recorded at fair value. Park selected the amortization method as permissible within U.S. GAAP, whereby the servicing rights capitalized are amortized in proportion to and over the period of estimated future servicing income of the underlying loan. At the end of each reporting period, the carrying value of MSRs is assessed for impairment with a comparison to fair value. MSRs are carried at the lower of their amortized cost or fair value. The amortization of MSRs is included within "Other service income" in the Consolidated Statements of Income. 
 -138- 

Additions Amortization ) ) ) Change in valuation allowance ) Carrying amount, net, end of year Valuation allowance: Beginning of year Change in valuation allowance ) ) End of year 
 
 The fair value of MSRs was million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The fair value of MSRs at December 31, 2022 was established using a discount rate of and constant prepayment speeds ranging from to . The fair value of MSRs at December 31, 2021 was established using a discount rate of and constant prepayment speeds ranging from to . 
 
 Servicing fees included in "Other service income" were million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

13. 
 million and million, respectively. At December 31, 2021, the carrying amounts of Park's ROU assets and lease liability were million and million, respectively. Park's operating lease expense is recorded in "Occupancy expense" on the Company's Consolidated Statements of Income. 
 
 Sublease income ) ) ) Total lease cost Other information Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of lease liabilities: Operating cash flows from operating leases ROU assets obtained in exchange for new operating lease liabilities Reductions to ROU assets resulting from reductions to lease obligations ) ) ) 
 -139- 

years and years at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The weighted average discount rate of Park's operating leases was and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 Undiscounted cash flows included in lease liabilities at December 31, 2022 have expected contractual payments as follows: 
 
 (In thousands) December 31, 2022 2023 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total undiscounted minimum lease payments Less: imputed interest ) Total lease liabilities 

14. 
 Interest bearing Total 
 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 After 5 years Total 
 
 At December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, Park had approximately million and million of deposits received from Park's executive officers, Park directors and related entities of Park directors. 
 
 Time deposits that met or exceeded the FDIC insurance limit of 250,000 at December 31, 2022 and 2021 were million and million, respectively. 

15. 
 
 -140- 

million and million, respectively. These borrowings were collateralized with U.S. government sponsored entities' asset-backed securities with a fair value of million and million at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. Declines in the value of the collateral would require Park to pledge additional securities. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, Park had million and million, respectively, of available unpledged securities. 
 December 31, 2021 (In thousands) Remaining Contractual Maturity of the Agreements Overnight and Continuous Up to 30 days 30 - 90 days Greater than 90 days Total U.S. government sponsored entities' asset-backed securities 

16. 
 FHLB advances Total short-term borrowings 
 
 -141- 

Highest month-end balance Average daily balance Weighted-average interest rate: As of year-end Paid during the year (1) 
 2021 Ending balance Highest month-end balance Average daily balance Weighted-average interest rate: As of year-end Paid during the year (1) 
 
 (1) Interest rate swaps with notional amounts of a zero balance at December 31, 2022 (the swap was paid off during 2022) and a balance of million at December 31, 2021 were designated as cash flow hedges of certain FHLB advances. Including interest expense related to the swaps, the weighted average interest rate paid during the year on FHLB advances was and for 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 During 2021 and 2022, outstanding FHLB advances were collateralized by investment securities owned by PNB and by various loans pledged under a blanket agreement by PNB. At December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, million and million, respectively, of investment securities were pledged as collateral for FHLB advances. At December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, million and million, respectively, of commercial real estate and residential mortgage loans were pledged under a blanket agreement to the FHLB by PNB. See Note 15 - Repurchase Agreement Borrowings for information related to investment securities collateralizing repurchase agreements. 

17. 
 million of FHLB advances, incurring a million prepayment penalty recognized within "FHLB prepayment penalty" on the Consolidated Statement of Income for the year ended December 31, 2020. These advances had an average interest rate of and maturity dates of March 14, 2022 and September 15, 2022. 
 
 On December 3, 2020, Park prepaid million of FHLB advances, incurring an million prepayment penalty recognized within "FHLB prepayment penalty" on the Consolidated Statement of Income for the year ended December 31, 2020. These advances had an interest rate of and a maturity date of December 1, 2023. 
 
 On June 20, 2019, Park issued a million term note to U.S. Bank National Association. This term note had a maturity date of June 21, 2022 and accrued interest at a floating rate of one-month LIBOR plus 1.65 . On August 2, 2021, Park prepaid the outstanding balance of million of the term note to U.S. Bank National Association. 

18. 
 million of Trust I's floating rate preferred securities (the Trust Preferred Securities to institutional investors. These Trust Preferred Securities qualify as Tier I capital under FRB guidelines. All of the common securities of Trust I are owned by Park. The proceeds from the issuance of the common securities and the Trust Preferred Securities were used by Trust I to purchase million of junior subordinated notes, which carry a floating rate based on 
 -142- 

basis points. The junior subordinated notes represent the sole asset of Trust I. The Trust Preferred Securities accrue and pay distributions at a floating rate of three-month LIBOR plus basis points per annum. The Trust Preferred Securities are mandatorily redeemable upon maturity of the junior subordinated notes in December 2035, or upon earlier redemption as provided in the junior subordinated notes. Since December 30, 2010, Park has had the right to redeem the junior subordinated notes purchased by Trust I in whole or in part. As specified in the indenture, if the junior subordinated notes are redeemed prior to maturity, the redemption price will be the principal amount, plus any unpaid accrued interest. In accordance with U.S. GAAP, Trust I is not consolidated with Park s financial statements, but rather the subordinated notes are reflected as a liability. 
 
 On August 20, 2020, Park completed the issuance and sale of million aggregate principal amount of its Fixed-to-Floating Rate Subordinated Notes due 2030 (the "Subordinated Notes"). The Subordinated Notes initially bear a fixed interest rate of per year, payable semi-annually in arrears on March 1 and September 1 of each year, commencing on March 1, 2021. Commencing on September 1, 2025, the Subordinated Notes will bear interest at a floating rate per annum equal to the Benchmark rate, which is expected to be Three-Month Term SOFR, plus a spread of basis points for each quarterly interest period during the floating rate period, payable quarterly in arrears; provided, however, that if the Benchmark rate is less than zero, then the Benchmark rate will be deemed to be zero. The Company may, at its option, beginning with the interest payment date of September 1, 2025 and on any interest payment date thereafter, redeem the Subordinated Notes, in whole or in part, from time to time, subject to obtaining the prior approval of the holders of the Company s senior indebtedness and of the Federal Reserve Board to the extent the approval of the Federal Reserve Board is then required under the capital adequacy rules of the Federal Reserve Board, at a redemption price equal to 100 of the principal amount of the Subordinated Notes being redeemed, plus accrued and unpaid interest thereon to but excluding the date of redemption. The issuance costs of the Subordinated Notes totaled million, which amount is being amortized through the Subordinated Note call date. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Subordinated Notes, net of unamortized issuance costs, totaled million and million, and qualify as Tier 2 capital for Park under the Federal Reserve Board capital adequacy rules. 

19. 
 borrowing derivatives. Interest rate swaps with notional amounts totaling million at December 31, 2021 were designated as cash flow hedges of certain FHLB advances. 
 
 Loan Derivatives : In conjunction with the Carolina Alliance acquisition, Park acquired interest rate swaps related to certain commercial loans. Simultaneously with borrowers entering into interest rate swaps, Carolina Alliance entered into offsetting 
 interest rate swaps executed with a third party, such that Carolina Alliance minimized its net interest rate risk exposure resulting 
 from such transactions. These interest rate swaps had a notional amount totaling million and million at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. 
 
 All of the Company's interest rate swaps were determined to be fully effective during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 . As such, no amount of ineffectiveness has been included in net income. Therefore, the aggregate fair value of the swaps is recorded in "Other assets" and "Other liabilities" with changes in fair value recorded in "Other comprehensive (loss) income". The amount included in "Accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income, net of tax" would be reclassified to net income should the hedges no longer be considered effective. During the year ended December 31, 2022, Park recognized expense of as the result of the early termination of a borrowing interest rate swap. expense related to early termination was recognized during the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively . Park expects the outstanding hedges to remain fully effective during the remaining respective terms of the swaps. 
 
 -143- 

Weighted average pay rates Weighted average receive rates Weighted average maturity (years) Unrealized losses 
 
 Interest expense recorded on swap transactions was , and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. 
 
 Interest Rate Swaps 

Year ended December 31, 2021 (In thousands) Amount of Gain (Loss) Recognized in OCI (Effective Portion) Amount of Gain (Loss) Reclassified from OCI to Interest Income Amount of Expense Recognized in Miscellaneous Expense Interest rate contracts 
 
 Year ended December 31, 2020 (In thousands) Amount of Gain (Loss) Recognized in OCI (Effective Portion) Amount of Gain (Loss) Reclassified from OCI to Interest Income Amount of Expense Recognized in Miscellaneous Expense Interest rate contracts ) 
 
 -144- 

Loan derivatives - instruments associated with loans Matched interest rate swaps with borrower Matched interest rate swaps with counterparty Total included in "Other assets" Included in "Other liabilities": Borrowing derivatives - interest rate swaps related to FHLB advances ) Loan derivatives - instruments associated with loans Matched interest rate swaps with borrower ) Matched interest rate swaps with counterparty ) Total included in "Other liabilities" ) ) 
 
 Mortgage Banking Derivatives 
 Commitments to fund mortgage loans (interest rate locks) to be sold into the secondary market and forward commitments for the future delivery of these mortgage loans are accounted for as free standing derivatives. In order to hedge the change in interest rates resulting from its commitments to fund the loans, the Company enters into forward commitments for the future delivery of mortgage loans when interest rate locks are entered into. These mortgage banking derivatives are not designated as hedge relationships. The fair value of an interest rate lock is recorded at the time the commitment to fund the mortgage loan is executed and is adjusted for the expected exercise of the commitment before the loan is funded. Fair values of these mortgage banking derivatives are estimated based on changes in mortgage interest rates from the date the interest on the loan is locked. Changes in the fair values of these derivatives are included in "Other service income" in the Consolidated Statements of Income. 
 
 At December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 , Park had million and million, respectively, of interest rate lock commitments. The fair value of these mortgage banking derivatives was reflected by a derivative asset of and million at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 , respectively. 
 
 Other Derivatives 
 In connection with the sale of Park s Class B Visa shares during 2009, Park entered into a swap agreement with the purchaser of the shares. The swap agreement adjusts for dilution in the conversion ratio of Class B Visa shares resulting from certain Visa litigation. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the fair value of the swap liability of and , respectively, represented an estimate of the exposure based upon probability-weighted potential Visa litigation losses. 

20. 
 common shares are authorized to be delivered in connection with grants under the 2017 Employees LTIP. The common shares to be delivered under the 2017 Employees LTIP are to consist of either common shares currently held or common shares subsequently acquired by Park as treasury shares, including common shares purchased in the open market or in private transactions. At December 31, 2022, common shares were available for future grants under the 2017 Employee LTIP. 
 
 The Park National Corporation 2017 Long-Term Incentive Plan for Non-Employee Directors (the "2017 Non-Employee Directors LTIP") was adopted by the Board of Directors of Park on January 23, 2017 and was approved by Park's shareholders at the Annual Meeting of Shareholders on April 24, 2017. The 2017 Non-Employee Directors LTIP makes equity-based awards 
 -145- 

common shares are authorized to be delivered in connection with grants under the 2017 Non-Employee Directors LTIP. The common shares to be delivered under the 2017 Non-Employee Directors LTIP are to consist of either common shares currently held or common shares subsequently acquired by Park as treasury shares, including common shares purchased in the open market or in private transactions. At December 31, 2022, common shares were available for future grants under the 2017 Non-Employee Directors LTIP. 
 
 During 2022, 2021 and 2020, Park granted , and common shares, respectively, to directors of Park and to directors of PNB (and its divisions) under the 2017 Non-Employee Directors LTIP. The common shares granted to directors were not subject to a vesting period and resulted in expense of million, million, and million in 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively, which is included in "Professional fees and services" on the Consolidated Statements of Income. 
 
 During 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors of Park granted awards of PBRSUs, under the 2017 Employees LTIP, covering an aggregate of , and common shares, respectively, to certain employees of Park and its subsidiaries. As of December 31, 2022, Park had nonvested PBRSUs as well as TBRSUs. The number of PBRSUs earned or settled will depend on the level of achievement with respect to certain performance criteria and will also be subject to subsequent service-based vesting. The number of TBRSUs earned or settled are subject to service-based vesting. 
 
 Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Adjustment for performance conditions of PBRSUs (1) 
 ) Nonvested at January 1, 2022 Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Adjustment for performance conditions of PBRSUs (1) 
 ) Nonvested at December 31, 2022 (2) 
 
 (1) The number of PBRSUs earned depends on the level of achievement with respect to certain performance criteria. Adjustment herein represents the difference between the maximum number of common shares which could be earned and the actual number earned for those PBRSUs as to which the performance period was completed. 
 (2) Nonvested amount herein represents the maximum number of nonvested PBRSUs and TBRSUs. As of December 31, 2022, an aggregate of PBRSUs and TBRSUs are expected to vest. 
 
 A summary of awards that vested during the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 follows: 
 
 Twelve Months Ended December 31, 2022 2021 PBRSU and TBRSU vested Common shares withheld to satisfy employee income tax withholding obligations Net common shares issued 
 
 -146- 

million, million and million was recognized for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, related to PBRSU and TBRSU awards to employees. 
 
 2024 2025 2026 Total 

21. 
 pension contribution in 2022 or 2021 and contribution is expected to be made in 2023. 
 
 Actual return on plan assets ) Benefits paid ) ) Fair value at end of measurement period Change in benefit obligation Projected benefit obligation at beginning of measurement period Service cost Interest cost Plan amendments Actuarial loss ) ) Benefits paid ) ) Projected benefit obligation at the end of measurement period Funded status at end of year (fair value of plan assets less benefit obligation) 
 
 The decrease in the projected benefit obligation ("PBO") from million as of December 31, 2021 to million as of December 31, 2022, was the result of an increase in the discount rate from to and assumption updates for IRS mortality tables, partially offset by demographic losses driven by termination experience, salary increases greater than assumed, and the impact of plan amendments. 
 
 Fixed income and cash equivalents remaining balance Total 
 
 -147- 

at both December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. This return was based on the expected long-term return of each of the asset categories, weighted based on the median of the target allocation for each class. 
 
 The accumulated benefit obligation for the Pension Plan was million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 On November 17, 2009, the Park Pension Plan completed the purchase of common shares of Park for million or per share. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the fair value of the common shares held by the Pension Plan was million, or per share and million, or per share, respectively. 
 
 Rate of compensation increase Under age 30 Ages 30-39 Ages 40-49 Ages 50-54 Ages 55-59 Ages 60-64 Ages 65 and over Interest crediting rate N/A N/A 
 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 2028-2032 Total Net actuarial loss ) ) Total ) ) Deferred taxes Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) 
 
 -148- 

) ) Employee benefits Interest cost ) ) ) Other components of net periodic benefit income Expected return on plan assets Other components of net periodic benefit income Recognized net actuarial loss and prior service cost 15 (2,220) (1,175) Other components of net periodic benefit income Net periodic benefit income (loss) ) ) Net actuarial (loss) gain and prior service credit ) ) Amortization of net (gain) loss ) Total recognized in other comprehensive (loss) income ) ) Total recognized in net benefit income (loss) and other comprehensive income (loss) ) 
 
 Rate of compensation increase Under age 30 Ages 30-39 Ages 40-49 Ages 50-54 Ages 55-59 Ages 60-64 Ages 65 and over Expected long-term return on plan assets 
 
 U.S. GAAP defines fair value as the price that would be received by Park for an asset or paid by Park to transfer a liability (an exit price) in an orderly transaction between market participants on the measurement date, using the most advantageous market for the asset or liability. The fair values of equity securities, consisting of mutual fund investments and common stock held by the Pension Plan, are determined by obtaining quoted prices on nationally recognized securities exchanges (Level 1 inputs). Additionally, due to their short-term nature, the fair value of interest bearing demand deposits is determined by reference to their face value (Level 1 inputs). Interest bearing time deposits, United States Government agency obligations and corporate bonds are valued by the trustee based on yields available on comparable securities of issuers with similar credit ratings as of the end of the year (Level 2 inputs). No investments were categorized as Level 3 inputs. 

-149- 

Mutual funds U.S. Government agency obligations Corporate bonds Common stocks Total 
 
 Salary Deferral Plan 
 
 The Corporation has a voluntary salary deferral plan (the Corporation's Employees Stock Ownership Plan) covering substantially all of the employees of the Corporation and its subsidiaries. Eligible employees may contribute a portion of their compensation subject to a maximum statutory limitation. The Corporation provides a matching contribution established annually by the Corporation. Contribution expense for the Corporation was million, million, and million for 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan 
 
 The Corporation has entered into Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan Agreements (the "SERP Agreements") with certain key officers of Park National Corporation and its subsidiaries which provide defined pension benefits in excess of limits imposed by federal income tax law. The accrued benefit cost for the SERP Agreements totaled million and million for 2022 and 2021, respectively, and is recorded within "Other liabilities" on the Consolidated Balance Sheet. 
 
 Employee benefits Interest cost Miscellaneous expense Total SERP expense 
 
 -150- 

22. 
 Accumulated other comprehensive loss Pension Plan Accumulated other comprehensive loss Unrealized losses on swaps Accumulated other comprehensive loss Unrealized losses on debt securities AFS Deferred compensation OREO valuation adjustments Net deferred loan fees Deferred contract bonus Nonvested equity-based compensation Net operating loss ("NOL") carryforward Capital loss carryforward Fixed assets Operating lease liability Partnership adjustments Other Total deferred tax assets Deferred tax liabilities: Accumulated other comprehensive loss - Unrealized gains on debt securities AFS Deferred investment income Pension Plan MSRs Partnership adjustments Purchase accounting adjustments Operating lease right-of-use asset Lessor adjustments Other Total deferred tax liabilities Net deferred tax asset (liability) ) 
 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, Park had a net deferred tax asset balance related to federal NOL carryforwards of approximately million and million, respectively, which expire at various dates from 2031-2039 . Park also had a net deferred tax asset balance related to state NOL carryforwards of approximately million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, which expire at various dates from 2030-2039. 
 
 Park performs an analysis to determine if a valuation allowance against deferred tax assets is required in accordance with U.S. GAAP. Management determined that it was not required to establish a valuation allowance against the December 31, 2022 or 2021 deferred tax assets in accordance with U.S. GAAP since it was more likely than not that the deferred tax asset will be fully utilized in future periods. 
 
 -151- 

State 
 Amortization of qualified affordable housing projects Deferred Federal 
 ) ) State 
 ) Total 
 
 for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 2022 2021 2020 Statutory federal corporate income tax rate Changes in rates resulting from: Tax exempt interest income, net of disallowed interest ) ) ) Bank owned life insurance ) ) ) Investments in qualified affordable housing projects, net of tax benefits ) ) ) KSOP dividend deduction ) ) ) Other Effective Tax Rate 
 
 Park National Corporation and its subsidiaries do not pay state income tax to the state of Ohio, but pay a franchise tax based on equity. The franchise tax expense is included in "State tax expense" on Park s Consolidated Statements of Income. Park is also subject to state income tax in various states, including North Carolina and South Carolina. State income tax expense is included in Income taxes on Park s Consolidated Statements of Income. Park s state income tax expense was million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 Unrecognized Tax Benefits 
 Additions based on tax positions related to the current year Additions for tax positions of prior years Reductions for tax positions of prior years Reductions due to statute of limitations ) ) ) December 31 Balance 
 
 The amount of unrecognized tax benefits that, if recognized, would favorably affect the effective income tax rate in the future periods at December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was million, million and million, respectively. Park does not expect the total amount of unrecognized tax benefits to significantly increase or decrease during 2023. 
 
 The income related to interest and penalties recorded on unrecognized tax benefits in the Consolidated Statements of Income for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 was , , and , respectively. The amount accrued for interest and penalties at December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was , and , respectively. 
 
 -152- 

23.) ) Other comprehensive (loss) income before reclassifications ) ) ) Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive loss ) Net current period other comprehensive (loss) income ) ) ) Ending balance at December 31, 2022 ) ) ) Beginning balance at January 1, 2021 ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications ) Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income Net current period other comprehensive income (loss) ) Ending balance at December 31, 2021 ) ) Beginning balance at January 1, 2020 ) ) ) Other comprehensive (loss) income before reclassifications ) ) Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income ) ) Net current period other comprehensive (loss) income ) ) Ending balance at December 31, 2020 ) ) 

-153- 

) ) Employee benefits Amortization of net loss Employee benefits (Loss) Income before income taxes ) Income before income taxes Income tax effect ) Income taxes Net of income tax ) Net income Unrealized gains losses on AFS debt securities Net gain on the sale of debt securities ) Net gain on the sale of debt securities Income before income taxes ) Income before income taxes Income tax effect ) Income taxes Net of income tax ) Net income Unrealized net holding loss on cash flow hedge Loss due to early termination of borrowing interest rate swap 66 Miscellaneous expense Loss before income taxes 66 Income before income taxes Income tax effect Income taxes Net of income tax Net income 

24. 
 Denominator: Weighted-average common shares outstanding 
 Effect of dilutive PBRSUs and TBRSUs 
 Weighted-average common shares outstanding adjusted for the effect of dilutive PBRSUs and TBRSUs 
 Earnings per common share: Basic earnings per common share Diluted earnings per common share 
 
 Park awarded , and PBRSUs to certain employees during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 During the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, Park repurchased and common shares, respectively, to fund the PBRSUs, TBRSUs and common shares awarded to directors of Park and to directors of PNB (and its divisions) and 
 -154- 

common shares during the year ended December 31, 2021 pursuant to Park's previously announced stock repurchase authorizations. There were common shares repurchased during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

25. 
 million of the total shareholders equity of PNB was available for the payment of dividends to Park National Corporation, without approval by the applicable regulatory authorities. 

26. 
 Standby letters of credit 
 
 The loan commitments are generally for variable rates of interest. 
 
 The Corporation grants retail, commercial and commercial real estate loans to customers primarily located in Ohio, Kentucky, North Carolina and South Carolina with the exception of nationwide aircraft loans and nationwide asset-based lending to consumer finance companies. The Corporation evaluates each customer s creditworthiness on a case-by-case basis. The amount of collateral obtained, if deemed necessary by the Corporation upon the extension of credit, is based on management s credit evaluation of the customer. Collateral held varies but may include accounts receivable, inventory, property, plant and equipment, and real estate. 
 
 Although the Corporation has a diversified loan portfolio, a substantial portion of the borrowers ability to honor their contracts is dependent upon the economic conditions of the borrowers' respective geographic locations and industries. 

27. 
 -155- 

Obligations of states and political subdivisions U.S. Government sponsored entities asset-backed securities Collateralized loan obligations Corporate debt securities Equity securities Mortgage loans held for sale Mortgage IRLCs Loan interest rate swaps Liabilities Fair value swap Loan interest rate swaps 
 Fair Value Measurements at December 31, 2021 using: 
 (In thousands) Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Balance at December 31, 2021 Assets Investment securities: Obligations of states and political subdivisions U.S. Government sponsored entities asset-backed securities Collateralized loan obligations Corporate debt securities Equity securities Mortgage loans held for sale Mortgage IRLCs Loan interest rate swaps Liabilities Fair value swap Borrowing interest rate swap Loan interest rate swaps 
 
 -156- 

The following tables present a reconciliation of the beginning and ending balances of the Level 3 inputs 
 ) Total Losses Included in other income / expense ) ) Transfers into level 3 Purchases, sales, issuances and settlements, other, net Balance at December 31, 2022 ) Balance at January 1, 2021 ) Total Gains Included in other income Balance at December 31, 2021 ) 
 
 Assets and Liabilities Measured at Fair Value on a Nonrecurring Basis: 
 
 The following methods and assumptions were used by the Company in determining the fair value of assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis as described below: 
 
 Individually evaluated collateral dependent loans: When a loan is individually evaluated, it is valued at the lower of cost or fair value. Collateral dependent loans which are individually evaluated and carried at fair value have been partially charged off or receive specific allocations of the allowance for credit losses. For collateral dependent loans, fair value is generally based on real estate appraisals. These appraisals may utilize a single valuation approach or a combination of approaches including the comparable sales approach and the income approach. Adjustments are routinely made in the appraisal process by the independent appraisers to adjust for differences between the comparable sales and income data available. Such adjustments result in a Level 3 classification of the inputs for determining fair value. Collateral is then adjusted or discounted based on management s historical knowledge, changes in market conditions from the time of the valuation, and management s expertise and knowledge of the client and the client s business, resulting in a Level 3 fair value classification. Individually evaluated loans are evaluated on a quarterly basis for additional impairment and adjusted accordingly. Additionally, updated independent valuations are obtained annually for all collateral dependent loans in accordance with Company policy. 
 -157- 

discount to real estate appraised values which management expects will cover all disposition costs (including selling costs). This discount is based on historical discounts to appraised values on sold OREO properties. 
 
 Income approach appraisals typically incorporate the annual net operating income of the business divided by an appropriate capitalization rate, as determined by the appraiser. Management generally applies a discount to income approach appraised values which management expects will cover all disposition costs (including selling costs). 
 
 Lot development loan appraisals are typically performed using a discounted cash flow analysis. Appraisers determine an anticipated absorption period and a discount rate that takes into account an investor s required rate of return based on recent comparable sales. Management generally applies a discount to lot development appraised values, which is an additional discount above the net present value calculation included in the appraisal, to account for selling costs. 
 
 Other repossessed assets: Other repossessed assets are initially recorded at fair value less costs to sell when acquired. The carrying value of other repossessed assets is not re-measured to fair value on a recurring basis, but is subject to fair value adjustments when the carrying value exceeds the fair value, less estimated selling costs. At December 31, 2021, other repossessed assets primarily consisted of aircraft acquired as part of a loan workout. Fair value was based on Aircraft Bluebook and VREF Aircraft Value Reference values based on the model of aircraft and adjustments for flight hours, features and other variables. Such adjustments resulted in a Level 3 classification of the inputs for determining fair value. There were no repossessed assets carried at fair value at December 31, 2022. 
 
 MSRs: MSRs are carried at the lower of cost or fair value. MSRs do not trade in active, open markets with readily observable prices. For example, sales of MSRs do occur, but precise terms and conditions typically are not readily available. As such, management, with the assistance of a third-party specialist, determines fair value based on the discounted value of the future cash flows estimated to be received. Significant inputs include the discount rate and assumed prepayment speeds. The calculated fair value is then compared to market values where possible to ascertain the reasonableness of the valuation in relation to current market expectations for similar products. Accordingly, MSRs are classified as Level 2. 
 -158- 

Residential real estate Total individually evaluated collateral dependent loans recorded at fair value MSRs OREO recorded at fair value Other repossessed assets 
 
 Fair Value Measurements at December 31, 2021 Using: 
 (In thousands) Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Balance at December 31, 2021 Individually evaluated collateral dependent loans recorded at fair value: Commercial real estate Residential real estate Total individually evaluated collateral dependent loans recorded at fair value MSRs OREO recorded at fair value: Residential real estate Total OREO recorded at fair value Other repossessed assets 
 
 -159- 

Remaining individually evaluated loans Total individually evaluated loans 
 
 December 31, 2021 (In thousands) Recorded Investment Prior Charge-Offs Specific Valuation Allowance Carrying Balance Total individually evaluated collateral dependent loans recorded at fair value Remaining individually evaluated loans Total individually evaluated loans 
 
 The (expense) income from credit adjustments related to individually evaluated/impaired loans carried at fair value for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was ) million, million, and ) million, respectively. 
 
 MSRs totaled million at December 31, 2022. Of this million MSR carrying balance, million was recorded at fair value and included a valuation allowance of million. The remaining million was recorded at cost, as the fair value exceeded cost at December 31, 2022. At December 31, 2021, MSRs totaled million. Of this million MSR carrying balance, million was recorded at fair value and included a valuation allowance of million. T he remaining million was recorded at cost, as the fair value exceeded cost at December 31, 2021. The income (expense) related to MSRs carried at fair value for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was million, million and ) million, respectively. 
 
 Total OREO held by Park at December 31, 2022 and 2021 was million and million, respectively. At December 31, 2022 , there was OREO held by Park that was carried at fair value due to fair value adjustments made subsequent to the initial OREO measurement. At December 31, 2021 , all of Park's OREO was carried at fair value. The net income related to OREO fair value adjustments was million, and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 Other repossessed assets totaled million at December 31, 2022, of which there were repossessed assets recorded at fair value. Other repossessed asset totaled million at December 31, 2021, of which million were recorded at fair value. T here was expense related to fair value adjustments on other repossessed assets during the year ended December 31, 2022. The net expense related to fair value adjustments on other repossessed assets was and for the years ended December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020, respectively. 
 
 -160- 

Sales comparison approach Adj to comparables - 
 Income approach Capitalization rate - 
 Cost approach Entrepreneurial profit - 
 Cost approach Accumulated depreciation 
 Residential real estate Sales comparison approach Adj to comparables - 

December 31, 2021 (In thousands) Fair Value Valuation Technique Unobservable Input(s) Range (Weighted Average) Individually evaluated collateral dependent loans: Commercial real estate Sales comparison approach Adj to comparables - 
 Residential real estate Sales comparison approach Adj to comparables - 
 Cost approach Accumulated depreciation 
 Other real estate owned: Residential real estate Sales comparison approach Adj to comparables - 

Assets Measured at Net Asset Value: 
 
 Park's portfolio of Partnership Investments are valued using the NAV practical expedient in accordance with ASC 820. 
 
 At December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, Park had Partnerships Investments with a NAV of million and million, respectively. At December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, Park had million and million in unfunded commitments related to these Partnership Investments. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, Park recognized income of million, million and million, respectively, related to these Partnership Investments. 

-161- 

Investment securities (1) 
 Other investment securities (2) 
 Mortgage loans held for sale Mortgage IRLCs 46 46 46 Individually evaluated loans carried at fair value Other loans, net Loans receivable, net Financial liabilities: Time deposits Other Deposits (excluding demand deposits) Short-term borrowings Subordinated notes Derivative financial instruments - assets: Loan interest rate swaps 1,508 1,508 1,508 Derivative financial instruments - liabilities: Fair value swap 243 243 243 Loan interest rate swaps 1,508 1,508 1,508 
 (1) Includes debt securities AFS. 
 (2) Excludes FHLB stock and FRB stock which are carried at their respective redemption values, investment securities accounted for at modified cost as these investments do not have a readily determinable fair value, and Partnership Investments valued using the NAV practical expedient. 
 -162- 

Investment securities (1) 
 Other investment securities (2) 
 Mortgage loans held for sale Mortgage IRLCs 333 333 333 Individually evaluated loans carried at fair value Other loans, net Loans receivable, net Financial liabilities: Time deposits Other Deposits (excluding demand deposits) Short-term borrowings Subordinated notes Derivative financial instruments - assets: Loan interest rate swaps 1,952 1,952 1,952 Derivative financial instruments - liabilities: Fair value swap 226 226 226 Borrowing interest rate swap Loan interest rate swaps 1,952 1,952 1,952 
 (1) Includes debt securities AFS. 
 (2) Excludes FHLB stock and FRB stock which are carried at their respective redemption values, investment securities accounted for at modified cost as these investments do not have a readily determinable fair value, and Partnership Investments valued using the NAV practical expedient. 

28. 
 above the adequately capitalized risk-based capital ratios. The amounts shown below as the adequately capitalized ratio plus capital conservation buffer include the 2.50 buffer. The Federal Reserve Board has also adopted requirements Park must maintain to be deemed "well-capitalized" and to remain a financial holding company. 
 
 -163- 

Park Adequately capitalized ratio Adequately capitalized ratio plus capital conservation buffer Well-capitalized ratio - PNB Well-capitalized ratio - Park N/A N/A 
 
 As of December 31, 2021 Leverage Tier 1 Risk-Based Common Equity Tier 1 Total Risk-Based PNB Park Adequately capitalized ratio Adequately capitalized ratio plus capital conservation buffer Well-capitalized ratio - PNB Well-capitalized ratio - Park N/A N/A 

-164- 

Park Tier 1 Risk-Based Capital (to risk-weighted assets) PNB Park Leverage Ratio (to average total assets) PNB Park N/A N/A Common Equity Tier 1 (to risk-weighted assets) PNB Park N/A N/A At December 31, 2021 Total Risk-Based Capital (to risk-weighted assets) PNB Park Tier 1 Risk-Based Capital (to risk-weighted assets) PNB Park Leverage Ratio (to average total assets) PNB Park N/A N/A Common Equity Tier 1 (to risk-weighted assets) PNB Park N/A N/A 

29. 
 -165- 

) Provision for (recovery of) credit losses ) Other income Other expense Income before income taxes Income tax expense (benefit) ) Net income Balances at December 31, 2022 Assets Loans Deposits ) 
 
 Operating results for the year ended December 31, 2021 (In thousands) PNB All Other Total Net interest income Recovery of credit losses ) ) ) Other income Other expense Income (loss) before income taxes ) Income tax expense (benefit) ) Net income (loss) ) Balances at December 31, 2021 Assets Loans Deposits ) 
 
 Operating results for the year ended December 31, 2020 (In thousands) PNB All Other Total Net interest income Provision for (recovery of) credit losses ) Other income Other expense Income before income taxes Income tax expense (benefit) ) Net income Balances at December 31, 2020 Assets Loans Deposits ) 
 
 The operating results in the "All Other" column are used to reconcile the segment totals to the Consolidated Statements of Income. The reconciling amounts for consolidated total assets, loans and deposits consist of the elimination of intersegment 
 -166- 

Elimination of intersegment items ) ) "All Other" totals - not eliminated ) ) Totals 
 2021 (In thousands) Net Interest Income Depreciation Expense Other Expense Income Taxes Assets Deposits Totals for reportable segments Elimination of intersegment items ) ) "All Other" totals - not eliminated ) Totals 
 2020 (In thousands) Net Interest Income Depreciation Expense Other Expense Income Taxes Assets Deposits Totals for reportable segments Elimination of intersegment items ) ) "All Other" totals - not eliminated ) Totals 

30. 
 million, million and million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

-167- 

Investment in subsidiaries Debentures receivable from PNB Other investments Other assets Total assets Liabilities: Subordinated notes Other payables to subsidiaries Other liabilities Total liabilities Total shareholders equity Total liabilities and shareholders equity 
 Interest and dividends Other Total income Expense: Interest expense Other, net Total expense Income before income taxes and equity in undistributed income of subsidiaries Income tax benefit Income before equity in undistributed income of subsidiaries Equity in undistributed income of subsidiaries Net income Other comprehensive (loss) income (1) 
 ) Comprehensive income 
 
 -168- 

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: 
 Undistributed income of subsidiaries ) ) ) Compensation expense for issuance of treasury shares to directors Share-based compensation expense Gain (loss) on equity securities, net ) (Increase) decrease in other assets ) Increase (decrease) in other liabilities ) ) Net cash provided by operating activities Investing activities: Proceeds from sales of securities Other, net ) ) Net cash (used in) provided by investing activities ) ) Financing activities: Cash dividends paid ) ) ) Proceeds from issuance of long-term debt Repayment of long-term debt ) ) Repurchase of treasury shares ) ) Cash payment for fractional shares ) ) ) Value of common shares withheld to pay employee income taxes ) ) ) Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities ) ) Increase (decrease) in cash ) Cash at beginning of year Cash at end of year 

31. 

-169- 

Employee benefit and retirement-related accounts Investment management and investment advisory agency accounts Other Service charges on deposit accounts Non-sufficient funds (NSF) fees Demand deposit account (DDA) charges Other Other service income (1) 
 Credit card HELOC Installment Real estate Commercial Debit card fee income Bank owned life insurance income (2) 
 ATM fees Gain on the sale of OREO, net OREO valuation markup Gain on equity securities, net (2) 
 Other components of net periodic pension benefit income (2) 
 Miscellaneous (3) 
 ) Total other income 
 (1) Of the million of aggregate revenue included within "Other service income", approximately million is within the scope of ASC 606, with the remaining million consisting primarily of residential real estate loan fees which are out of scope. 
 (2) Not within the scope of ASC 606. 
 (3) "Miscellaneous" income includes brokerage income, safe deposit box rentals, and miscellaneous bank fees totaling million, all of which are within the scope of ASC 606 . 
 -170- 

Employee benefit and retirement-related accounts Investment management and investment advisory agency accounts Other Service charges on deposit accounts Non-sufficient funds (NSF) fees Demand deposit account (DDA) charges Other Other service income (1) 
 Credit card HELOC Installment Real estate Commercial Debit card fee income Bank owned life insurance income (2) 
 ATM fees Loss on the sale of OREO, net ) ) OREO valuation markup Gain on equity securities, net (2) 
 Other components of net periodic pension benefit income (2) 
 Miscellaneous (3) 
 Total other income 
 (1) Of the million of revenue included within "Other service income", approximately million is within the scope of ASC 606, with the remaining million consisting primarily of residential real estate loan fees which are out of scope. 
 (2) Not within the scope of ASC 606. 
 (3) "Miscellaneous" income includes brokerage income, safe deposit box rentals, and miscellaneous bank fees totaling million, all of which are within the scope of ASC 606. 

-171- 

Employee benefit and retirement-related accounts Investment management and investment advisory agency accounts Other Service charges on deposit accounts Non-sufficient funds (NSF) fees Demand deposit account (DDA) charges Other Other service income (1) 
 Credit card HELOC Installment Real estate Commercial Debit card fee income Bank owned life insurance income (2) 
 ATM fees Gain on the sale of OREO, net OREO valuation markup Net gain on sale of debt securities (2) 
 Gain (loss) on equity securities, net (2) 
 ) Other components of net periodic pension benefit income (2) 
 Miscellaneous (3) 
 Total other income 
 (1) Of the million of revenue included within "Other service income", approximately million is within the scope of ASC 606, with the remaining million consisting primarily of residential real estate loan fees which are out of scope. 
 (2) Not within the scope of ASC 606. 
 (3) "Miscellaneous" income includes brokerage income, safe deposit box rentals, and miscellaneous bank fees totaling million, all of which are within the scope of ASC 606. 
 
 A description of Park's material revenue streams accounted for under ASC 606 follows: 
 
 Income from fiduciary activities (gross) : Park earns fiduciary fee income and investment brokerage fees from its contracts with trust customers for various fiduciary and investment-related services. These fees are earned over time as the Company provides the contracted monthly and quarterly services and are generally assessed based on the market value of the trust assets. 
 
 Service charges on deposit accounts and ATM fees : The Corporation earns fees from the Corporation's deposit customers for transaction-based, account maintenance, and overdraft services. Transaction-based fees, which include services such as ATM use fees, stop payment charges, statement rendering fees, and ACH fees, are recognized at the time the transaction is executed as that is the point in time the Corporation fulfills the customer's request. Account maintenance fees, which relate primarily to monthly maintenance, are generally recognized at the end of the month, representing the period over which the Corporation satisfies the performance obligation. Overdraft fees are recognized at the point in time that the overdraft occurs. Service charges on deposits are withdrawn from the customer's account balance. 
 
 Other service income : Other service income includes income from (1) the sale and servicing of loans sold to the secondary market, (2) incentive income from third-party credit card issuers, and (3) loan customers for various loan-related activities and services. Income related to the sale and servicing of loans sold to the secondary market is included within "Other service income", but is not within the scope of ASC 606. Services that fall within the scope of ASC 606 are recognized as revenue when the Company satisfies the Company's performance obligation to the customer. 
 
 -172- 

32. 
 , Park National Bank reached an agreement with the DOJ to increase the efforts of Park National Bank to promote home lending in the Columbus, Ohio market. The agreement, which is reflected in the proposed consent order filed on February 28, 2023, in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of Ohio (the DOJ Consent Order ), serves to voluntarily resolve all claims of the U.S. alleging that Park National Bank s mortgage lending practices within the Columbus, Ohio Metropolitan Statistical Area violated the Fair Housing Act and the Equal Credit Opportunity Act. 
 
 In accordance with the terms of the DOJ Consent Order, Park National Bank, will invest a minimum of million over five years in a loan subsidy fund to increase credit opportunities for home mortgage loans, home improvement loans, home refinance loans and home equity loans and lines of credit for consumers applying for loans in majority-minority census tracts ("MMCTs") in Fairfield, Franklin, Hocking, Licking, Morrow and Perry counties in Ohio (the Columbus Lending Area ). Park National Bank will also devote a minimum of over five years toward one or more community development partnership programs that provide services to residents of MMCTs in the Columbus Lending Area related to credit, financial education, homeownership and foreclosure prevention; and at least over five years toward advertising, community outreach, consumer financial education and credit counseling in the Columbus Lending Area. Park National Bank will also establish one new mortgage loan production office and one new full-service branch in MMCTs in the Columbus Lending Area and hire four lenders, one of whom will be Spanish-speaking, focused on serving these communities. In addition, Park National Bank will continue to maintain, throughout the term of the DOJ Consent Order, Park National Bank s full-time Director of Community Home Lending and Development position, who will oversee Park National Bank s lending in MMCTs in the Columbus Lending Area. 
 
 The DOJ Consent Order must be approved by the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of Ohio, Western Division, and once approved and entered by that Court, the DOJ Consent Order will resolve all claims by the U.S. against Park National Bank. 
 
 Park is committed to investing at least million over five years and will record the related expenses incurred in the period in which the associated activities occur. 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE. 
 
 No response required. 

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES. 
 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 With the participation of the Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer (the principal executive officer) and the Chief Financial Officer, Secretary and Treasurer (the principal financial officer) of Park, Park s management has evaluated the effectiveness of Park s disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Exchange Act) as of the end of the fiscal year covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Based on that evaluation, Park s Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer and Park s Chief Financial Officer, Secretary and Treasurer have concluded that: 
 -173- 

information required to be disclosed by Park in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and the other reports that Park files or submits under the Exchange Act would be accumulated and communicated to Park s management, including Park's principal executive officer and Park's principal financial officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure; 
 
 information required to be disclosed by Park in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and the other reports that Park files or submits under the Exchange Act would be recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms; and 
 
 Park s disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of the end of the fiscal year covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 Management s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 The MANAGEMENT S REPORT ON INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING is included in "ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA" of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Audit Report of the Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 The REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM is included in "ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA" of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 There were no changes in Park s internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act) that occurred during Park s quarter ended December 31, 2022, that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, Park s internal control over financial reporting. 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION. 
 
 No response required. 

ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS. 
 
 Not applicable. 

PART III 

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE. 
 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Persons Nominated or Chosen to Become Directors or Executive Officers 
 The information required by Item 401 of SEC Regulation S-K concerning the directors of Park and the nominees for election as directors of Park at the Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held on April 24, 2023 (the 2023 Annual Meeting is incorporated herein by reference from the disclosure to be included under the caption ELECTION OF DIRECTORS (Proposal 1) in Park s definitive Proxy Statement relating to the 2023 Annual Meeting to be filed pursuant to SEC Regulation 14A Park s 2023 Proxy Statement ). 
 The information required by Item 401 of SEC Regulation S-K concerning the executive officers of Park is incorporated herein by reference from the disclosure to be included under the caption EXECUTIVE OFFICERS in Park s 2023 Proxy Statement. 
 Compliance with Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act 
 The information required by Item 405 of SEC Regulation S-K regarding delinquent reports required under Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, with respect to the 2022 fiscal year, is incorporated by reference 
 -174- 

from the disclosure to be included under the caption "BENEFICIAL OWNERSHIP OF PARK COMMON SHARES - Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports" in Park's 2023 Proxy Statement. 
 Committee Charters; Corporate Governance Guidelines; Code of Business Conduct and Ethics 
 Park s Board of Directors has adopted charters for each of the Audit Committee, the Compensation Committee, the Executive Committee, the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee and the Risk Committee. Park's Board of Directors has also adopted Corporate Governance Guidelines which are included as Exhibit A to the charter of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee. 
 In accordance with the requirements of Section 807 of the NYSE American Company Guide, the Board of Directors of Park has adopted a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics covering the directors, officers and employees of Park and Park's subsidiaries, including Park s Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer (the principal executive officer), Park's President, Park s Chief Financial Officer, Secretary and Treasurer (the principal financial officer) and Park s Chief Accounting Officer (the principal accounting officer). Park intends to disclose the following events, if they occur, in a current report on Form 8-K within four business days following their occurrence: (A) the date and nature of any amendment to a provision of Park s Code of Business Conduct and Ethics that (i) applies to Park s principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer or controller, or persons performing similar functions, (ii) relates to any element of the code of ethics definition enumerated in Item 406(b) of SEC Regulation S-K, and (iii) is not a technical, administrative or other non-substantive amendment; and (B) a description of any waiver (including the nature of the waiver, the name of the person to whom the waiver was granted and the date of the waiver), including an implicit waiver, from a provision of the Code of Business Conduct and Ethics granted to Park s principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer or controller, or persons performing similar functions that relates to one or more of the elements of the code of ethics definition set forth in Item 406(b) of SEC Regulation S-K. In addition, Park will disclose any waivers from the provisions of the Code of Business Conduct and Ethics granted to a director or an executive officer of Park in a current report on Form 8-K within four business days following their occurrence in accordance with the requirements of the Commentary to Section 807 of the NYSE American Company Guide. 
 The text of each of the Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, the Audit Committee Charter, the Compensation Committee Charter, the Executive Committee Charter, the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee Charter (including the Corporate Governance Guidelines) and the Risk Committee Charter is posted on the Corporate Information - Governance Documents section of the Investor Relations page of Park s Internet site located at http://www.parknationalcorp.com . Interested persons may also obtain copies of the Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, the Audit Committee Charter, the Compensation Committee Charter, the Executive Committee Charter, the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee Charter and the Risk Committee Charter, without charge, by writing to the Chief Financial Officer, Secretary and Treasurer of Park at Park National Corporation, 50 North Third Street, P.O. Box 3500, Newark, Ohio 43058-3500, Attention: Brady T. Burt. 
 Procedures for Recommending Director Nominees 
 Information concerning the procedures by which shareholders of Park may recommend nominees to Park's Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee and Park s full Board of Directors is incorporated herein by reference from the disclosure to be included under the caption CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Nominating Procedures in Park s 2023 Proxy Statement. These procedures have not materially changed from those described in Park s definitive Proxy Statement for the 2022 Annual Meeting of Shareholders held on April 25, 2022. 
 Audit Committee 
 The information required by Items 407(d)(4) and 407(d)(5) of SEC Regulation S-K is incorporated herein by reference from the disclosure to be included under the caption STRUCTURE AND MEETINGS OF BOARD OF DIRECTORS Committees of the Board Audit Committee in Park s 2023 Proxy Statement. 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION. 
 
 The information required by Item 402 of SEC Regulation S-K, with the exception of Item 402(v) of SEC Regulation S-K, is incorporated herein by reference from the disclosure to be included under the captions EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION and DIRECTOR COMPENSATION in Park s 2023 Proxy Statement. The information required by Item 402(v) of SEC Regulation S-K to be included in Park's 2023 Proxy Statement is not incorporated into this Annual Report 
 -175- 

on Form 10-K and will not deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act, or the Exchange Act. 
 The information required by Item 407(e)(4) of SEC Regulation S-K is incorporated herein by reference from the disclosure to be included under the caption COMPENSATION COMMITTEE INTERLOCKS AND INSIDER PARTICIPATION in Park s 2023 Proxy Statement. 
 The information required by Item 407(e)(5) of SEC Regulation S-K is incorporated herein by reference from the disclosure to be included under the caption EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION Compensation Committee Report in Park s 2023 Proxy Statement. 

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS. 
 
 Beneficial Ownership of Common Shares of Park 
 The information required by Item 403 of SEC Regulation S-K is incorporated herein by reference from the disclosure to be included under the caption BENEFICIAL OWNERSHIP OF PARK COMMON SHARES in Park s 2023 Proxy Statement. 
 Equity Compensation Plan Information 
 The information required by Item 201(d) of SEC Regulation S-K is incorporated herein by reference from the disclosure to be included under the caption "EQUITY COMPENSATION PLAN INFORMATION" in Park's 2023 Proxy Statement. 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE. 
 
 Certain Relationships and Related Person Transactions 
 The information required by Item 404 of SEC Regulation S-K is incorporated herein by reference from the disclosure to be included under the captions CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Independence of Directors, CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Transactions with Related Persons and COMPENSATION COMMITTEE INTERLOCKS AND INSIDER PARTICIPATION in Park s 2023 Proxy Statement. 
 Director Independence 
 The information required by Item 407(a) of SEC Regulation S-K is incorporated herein by reference from the disclosure to be included under the caption CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Independence of Directors in Park s 2023 Proxy Statement. 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES. 
 
 The information called for in this Item 14 is incorporated herein by reference from the disclosure to be included under the captions AUDIT COMMITTEE MATTERS Pre-Approval of Services Performed by Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm and AUDIT COMMITTEE MATTERS Fees of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm in Park s 2023 Proxy Statement. 

-176- 

PART IV 

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES. 
 
 (a) The following documents are filed as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K: 
 
 (1) Consolidated Financial Statements : 
 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (Crowe LLP) -- included in "ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA" of this Annual Report on Form 10-K 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets at December 31, 2022 and 2021 -- included in "ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA" of this Annual Report on Form 10-K 
 Consolidated Statements of Income for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 -- included in "ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA" of this Annual Report on Form 10-K 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 -- included in "ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA" of this Annual Report on Form 10-K 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders' Equity for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 -- included in "ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA" of this Annual Report on Form 10-K 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 -- included in "ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA" of this Annual Report on Form 10-K 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements -- included in "ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA" of this Annual Report on Form 10-K 
 (2) Financial Statement Schedules . 
 
 All schedules for which provision is made in the applicable accounting regulations of the SEC are not required under the related instructions or are inapplicable and have been omitted. 
 
 (3) Exhibits . 
 
 The documents listed in the Index to Exhibits that immediately precedes the "Signatures" pages of this Annual Report on Form 10-K are filed or furnished with this Annual Report on Form 10-K as exhibits or incorporated into this Annual Report on Form 10-K by reference, in each case as noted. Each management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement is identified as such in the Index to Exhibits. 
 
 (b) The documents listed in the Index to Exhibits that immediately precedes the "Signatures" pages of this Annual Report on Form 10-K are filed or furnished with this Annual Report on Form 10-K as exhibits or incorporated into this Annual Report on Form 10-K by reference. 
 
 (c) Financial Statement Schedules . 
 
 None. 

ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY. 
 
 None. 
 
 -177- 

Index to Exhibits 
 
 Exhibit No. Description of Exhibit 
 
 2.1 Agreement and Plan of Merger and Reorganization by and among Park National Corporation, The Park National Bank and NewDominion Bank, dated as of January 22, 2018 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to Park National Corporation's Current Report on Form 8-K dated and filed on January 26, 2018 (File No. 1-13006)) 
 
 2.2 Agreement and Plan of Merger and Reorganization by and between Park National Corporation and CAB Financial Corporation, dated as of September 12, 2018 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to Park National Corporation's Current Report on Form 8-K dated and filed on September 14, 2018 (File No. 1-13006)) 
 
 3.1(a) Articles of Incorporation of Park National Corporation as filed with the Ohio Secretary of State on March 24, 1992 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3(a) to Park National Corporation's Form 8-B, filed on May 20, 1992 (File No. 0-18772) Park's Form 8-B )) P 
 
 3.1(b) Certificate of Amendment to the Articles of Incorporation of Park National Corporation as filed with the Ohio Secretary of State on May 6, 1993 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3(b) to Park National Corporation's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 1993 (File No. 0-18772)) P 
 
 3.1(c) Certificate of Amendment to the Articles of Incorporation of Park National Corporation as filed with the Ohio Secretary of State on April 16, 1996 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3(a) to Park National Corporation's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended March 31, 1996 (File No. 1-13006)) 
 
 3.1(d) Certificate of Amendment by Shareholders to the Articles of Incorporation of Park National Corporation as filed with the Ohio Secretary of State on April 22, 1997 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3(a)(1) to Park National Corporation's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended June 30, 1997 (File No. 1-13006) Park's June 30, 1997 Form 10-Q )) 
 
 3.1(e) Certificate of Amendment by Shareholders as filed with the Ohio Secretary of State on December 18, 2008 in order to evidence the adoption by the shareholders of Park National Corporation on December 18, 2008 of an amendment to Article FOURTH of Park National Corporation's Articles of Incorporation to authorize Park National Corporation to issue up to 200,000 preferred shares, without par value (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to Park National Corporation's Current Report on Form 8-K dated and filed on December 19, 2008 (File No. 1-13006)) 
 
 3.1(f) Certificate of Amendment by Directors to Articles as filed with the Ohio Secretary of State on December 19, 2008, evidencing the adoption of an amendment by the Board of Directors of Park National Corporation to Article FOURTH of Park National Corporation's Articles of Incorporation to establish the express terms of Fixed Rate Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Shares, Series A, each without par value, of Park National Corporation (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to Park National Corporation's Current Report on Form 8-K dated and filed on December 23, 2008 (File No. 1-13006)) 
 
 3.1(g) Certificate of Amendment by Shareholders as filed with the Ohio Secretary of State on April 18, 2011 in order to evidence the adoption by Park National Corporation's shareholders of an amendment to Article SIXTH of Park National Corporation's Articles of Incorporation in order to provide that shareholders do not have preemptive rights (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to Park National Corporation's Current Report on Form 8-K dated and filed on April 19, 2011 (File No. 1-13006)) 
 
 3.1(h) Certificate of Amendment by Shareholders as filed with the Ohio Secretary of State on April 26, 2022 in order to evidence the adoption by Park National Corporation's shareholders of an amendment to Park National Corporation's Articles of Incorporation to add a new Article NINTH to eliminate cumulative voting rights in the election of directors (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to Park National Corporation's Current Report on Form 8-K dated and filed on April 27, 2022 (File No. 1-13006) ("Park's April 27, 2022 Form 8-K")) 
 -178- 

Exhibit No. Description of Exhibit 
 
 3.1( i Articles of Incorporation of Park National Corporation [This document represents the Articles of Incorporation of Park National Corporation in complied form incorporating all amendments. This compiled document has not been filed with the Ohio Secretary of State.] (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1(i) to Park National Corporation's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended March 31, 2022 (Filed No. 1-13006) ("Park's March 31, 2022 Form 10-Q")) 
 
 3.2(a) Regulations of Park National Corporation (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3(b) to Park's Form 8-B) P 
 
 3.2(b) Certified Resolution regarding Adoption of Amendment to Subsection 2.02(A) of the Regulations of Park National Corporation by Shareholders on April 21, 1997 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3(b)(1) to Park's June 30, 1997 Form 10-Q) 
 
 3.2(c) Certificate Regarding Adoption of Amendments to Sections 1.04 and 1.11 of Park National Corporation's Regulations by the Shareholders on April 17, 2006 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to Park National Corporation's Current Report on Form 8-K dated and filed on April 18, 2006 (File No. 1-13006)) 
 
 3.2(d) Certificate Regarding Adoption by the Shareholders of Park National Corporation on April 21, 2008 of Amendment to Regulations to Add New Section 5.10 to Article FIVE (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.2(d) to Park National Corporation's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended March 31, 2008 (File No. 1-13006) Park's March 31, 2008 Form 10-Q )) 
 
 3.2(e) Certificate Regarding Adoption by the Shareholders of Park National Corporation on April 25, 2022 of Amendments to Section 1.10 and Section 2.04 of Park National Corporation's Regulations to eliminate the textual references to the right of Park National Corporation's shareholders to have cumulative voting apply in the election of directors (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to Park's April 27, 2022 Form 8-K). 
 
 3.2( f Regulations of Park National Corporation [This document represents the Regulations of Park National Corporation in compiled form incorporating all amendments.](incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.2(f) to Park's March 31, 2022 Form 10-Q) 
 
 4.1(a) Junior Subordinated Indenture, dated as of December 5, 2005, between Vision Bancshares, Inc. and Wilmington Trust Company, as Trustee (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.16 to Vision Bancshares, Inc.'s Annual Report on Form 10-KSB for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2005 (File No. 000-50719)) 
 
 4.1(b) First Supplemental Indenture, dated to be effective as of 6:00 p.m., Eastern Standard Time, on March 9, 2007, by and among Wilmington Trust Company, as Trustee; Park National Corporation; and Vision Bancshares, Inc. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.1(b) to Park National Corporation's Current Report on Form 8-K dated and filed on March 15, 2007 (File No. 1-13006) Park's March 15, 2007 Form 8-K )) 
 
 4.2(a) Amended and Restated Trust Agreement, dated as of December 5, 2005, among Vision Bancshares, Inc., as Depositor; Wilmington Trust Company, as Property Trustee and as Delaware Trustee; and the Administrative Trustees named therein, in respect of Vision Bancshares Trust I (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.15 to Vision Bancshares, Inc.'s Annual Report on Form 10-KSB for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2005 (File No. 000-50719)) 
 
 Note : Pursuant to the First Supplemental Indenture, dated to be effective as of 6:00 p.m., Eastern Standard Time, on March 9, 2007, by and among Wilmington Trust Company, as Trustee; Park National Corporation; and Vision Bancshares, Inc., Park National Corporation succeeded to and was substituted for Vision Bancshares, Inc. as Depositor 
 
 4.2(b) Notice of Resignation of Administrative Trustees and Appointment of Successors, dated March 9, 2007, delivered to Wilmington Trust Company by the Resigning Administrative Trustees named therein, the Successor Administrative Trustees named therein and Park National Corporation (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.2(b) to Park's March 15, 2007 Form 8-K) 
 
 -179- 

Exhibit No. Description of Exhibit 
 
 4.2(c) Notice of Removal of Administrative Trustee and Appointment of Successor, dated February 21, 2013, delivered to Wilmington Trust Company by the continuing Administrative Trustees named therein, the Successor Administrative Trustee named therein and Park National Corporation (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.2(c) to Park National Corporation's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2012 (File No. 1-13006) ("Park's 2012 Form 10-K")) 
 
 4.2(d) Notice of Resignation of Administrative Trustee and Appointment of Successor, dated July 1, 2021, delivered to Wilmington Trust Company by the Resigning Administrative Trustee named therein, the Successor Administrative Trustee named therein, the continuing Current Administrative Trustees named therein and Park National Corporation (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.2(d) to Park National Corporation's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021 (File No.1-13006)) 
 
 4.3 Guarantee Agreement, dated as of December 5, 2005, between Vision Bancshares, Inc., as Guarantor, and Wilmington Trust Company, as Guarantee Trustee, in respect of Vision Bancshares Trust I (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.17 to Vision Bancshares, Inc.'s Annual Report on Form 10-KSB for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2005 (File No. 000-50719)) 
 
 Note : Pursuant to the First Supplemental Indenture, dated to be effective as of 6:00 p.m., Eastern Standard Time, on March 9, 2007, by and among Wilmington Trust Company, as Trustee; Park National Corporation; and Vision Bancshares, Inc., Park National Corporation succeeded to and was substituted for Vision Bancshares, Inc. as Guarantor 
 
 4.4 Agreement to furnish instruments and agreements defining rights of holders of long-term debt (filed herewith) 
 
 4.5 Description of Capital Stock of Park National Corporation (filed herewith) 
 
 4. 6 (a) Indenture, dated as of August 20, 2020, between Park National Corporation, as Issuer, and U.S. Bank National Association, as Trustee (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Park National Corporation's Current Report on Form 8-K dated and filed on August 20, 2020 (File No. 1-13006)("Park's August 20, 2020 Form 8-K")) 
 4. 6 (b) First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of August 20, 2020, between Park National Corporation, as Issuer, and U.S. Bank National Association, as Trustee (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to Park's August 20, 2020 Form 8-K") 
 4. 6 (c) Form of 4.50 Fixed-to-Floating Rate Subordinated Notes due 2030 issued by Park National Corporation (included in Exhibit 4.6(b) to this Annual Report on Form 10-K)(incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to Park's August 20, 2020 Form 8-K) 
 10.1 Summary of Base Salaries for Executive Officers of Park National Corporation (filed herewith) 
 
 10.2 Amended and Restated Split-Dollar Agreement, made and entered into effective as of June 15, 2015, by and between The Park National Bank and David L. Trautman (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2(a) to Park National Corporation's Current Report on Form 8-K dated and filed on June 19, 2015 (File No. 1-13006) ("Park's June 19, 2015 Form 8-K")) 
 
 10.3 Split-Dollar Agreement, made and entered into effective as of June 15, 2015, by and between The Park National Bank and Brady T. Burt (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to Park's June 19, 2015 Form 8-K) 
 
 10.4 Amended and Restated Split-Dollar Agreement, made and entered into effective as of June 15, 2015, by and between The Park National Bank, Park National Corporation and C. Daniel DeLawder (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2(b) to Park's June 19, 2015 Form 8-K) 

-180- 

Exhibit No. Description of Exhibit 
 
 10.5 Amended and Restated Split-Dollar Agreement, made and entered into effective as of June 15, 2015, by and between The Park National Bank and David L. Trautman (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to Park National Corporation's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015 (File No.1-13006) ("Park's 2015 Form 10-K")) 
 
 10.6 Amended and Restated Split-Dollar Agreement, made and entered into effective as of June 15, 2015, by and between The Park National Bank and Brady T. Burt (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to Park's June 19, 2015 Form 8-K) 
 
 10.7 Amended and Restated Split-Dollar Agreement, made and entered into effective as of June 15, 2015, by and between The Park National Bank and C. Daniel Delawder (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to Park's 2015 Form 10-K) 
 
 10.8 Amended and Restated Split-Dollar Agreement, made and entered into effective as of January 27, 2020, by and between The Park National Bank and Matthew R. Miller (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Park National Corporation's Current Report on Form 8-K dated and filed on January 27, 2020 (File No.1-13006)("Park's January 27, 2020 Form 8-K")) 
 
 10.9(a) Amended and Restated Split-Dollar Agreement, made and entered into effective as of August 4, 2015, by and between The Park National Bank and Matthew R. Miller (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.4(a) to Park's January 27, 2020 Form 8-K) 
 
 10.9(b) First Amendment to the Amended and Restated Split-Dollar Agreement, made and entered into effective as of January 27, 2020, by and between The Park National Bank and Matthew R. Miller (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.4(b) to Park's January 27, 2020 Form 8-K) 
 
 10.10 Supplemental Executive Retirement Benefits Agreement, made as of June 15, 2015, by and between The Park National Bank and David L. Trautman (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1(a) to Park's June 19, 2015 Form 8-K) 
 
 10.11 Supplemental Executive Retirement Benefits Agreement, made as of June 15, 2015, by and between The Park National Bank and Brady T. Burt (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1(b) to Park's June 19, 2015 Form 8-K) 
 
 10.12(a) Supplemental Executive Retirement Benefits Agreement, made as of June 15, 2015, by and between The Park National Bank and C. Daniel DeLawder (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1(c) to Park's June 19, 2015 Form 8-K) 
 
 10.12(b) Amendment to the Supplemental Executive Retirement Benefits Agreement, entered into December 3, 2019, effective as of October 1, 2019, by and between The Park National Bank and C. Daniel DeLawder (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Park National Corporation's Current Report on Form 8-K dated and filed on December 5, 2019 (File No.1-13006)("Park's December 5, 2019 Form 8-K")) 
 
 10.13 Supplemental Executive Retirement Benefits Agreement, made as of February 18, 2008, by and between Park National Corporation and David L. Trautman (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Park National Corporation's Current Report on Form 8-K dated and filed on February 19, 2008 (File No. 1-13006)) 
 
 10.14(a) Amended and Restated Supplemental Executive Retirement Benefits Agreement, made as of February 18, 2008, by and between Park National Corporation and C. Daniel DeLawder (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.14(a) to Park National Corporation's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2019 (File No. 1-13006)) 
 
 10.14(b) Amendment to the Amended and Restated Supplemental Executive Retirement Benefits Agreement, entered into December 3, 2019, effective as of October 1, 2019, by and between The Park National Bank and C. Daniel DeLawder (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Park's December 5, 2019 Form 8-K) 

-181- 

Exhibit No. Description of Exhibit 
 
 10.15 Supplemental Executive Retirement Benefits Agreement, made as of June 15, 2015, by and between The Park National Bank and Matthew R. Miller (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to Park's January 27, 2020 Form 8-K) 
 
 10.16 Supplemental Executive Retirement Benefits Agreement, made and entered into effective as of January 27, 2020, by and between The Park National Bank and Matthew R. Miller (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Park's January 27, 2020 Form 8-K) 
 
 10.17 Summary of Certain Compensation for Directors of Park National Corporation (filed herewith) 
 
 10.18(a) Form of Split-Dollar Agreement, made and entered into effective as of December 28, 2007, covering certain Non-Employee Directors of Park National Corporation (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2(a) to Park National Corporation's Current Report on Form 8-K dated and filed on January 2, 2008 (File No. 1-13006)) 
 
 10.18(b) Schedule identifying Non-Employee Directors of Park National Corporation covered by form of Split-Dollar Agreement, made and entered into effective as of December 28, 2007 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.18(b) to Park National Corporation's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2020 (File No. 1-3006)) 
 
 10.19 Park National Corporation 2013 Long-Term Incentive Plan (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Park National Corporation s Current Report on Form 8-K dated and filed on April 23, 2013 (File No. 1-13006)) 
 10.20 Form of Park National Corporation 2013 Long-Term Incentive Plan Performance-Based Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement used to evidence awards of Performance-Based Restricted Stock Units to employees of Park National Corporation and of its subsidiaries granted on and after January 24, 2014 and prior to December 5, 2016 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Park National Corporation s Current Report on Form 8-K dated and filed on January 27, 2014 (File No. 1-13006)) 
 10.21 Form of Park National Corporation 2013 Long-Term Incentive Plan Performance-Based Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement used to evidence awards of Performance-Based Restricted Stock Units to employees of Park National Corporation and of its subsidiaries granted on and after December 5, 2016 and prior to April 24, 2017 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Park National Corporation's Current Report on Form 8-K dated and filed on December 8, 2016 (File No. 1-13006)) 
 10.22 Park National Corporation 2017 Long-Term Incentive Plan for Non-Employee Directors (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Park National Corporation's Current Report on Form 8-K dated and filed on April 26, 2017 (File No. 1-13006)) ("Park's April 26, 2017 Form 8-K") 
 10.23 Park National Corporation 2017 Long-Term Incentive Plan for Employees (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Park's April 26, 2017 Form 8-K) 
 10.24 Form of Park National Corporation 2017 Long-Term Incentive Plan for Employees Performance-Based Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement used to evidence awards of Performance-Based Restricted Stock Units to employees of Park National Corporation and of its subsidiaries granted after December 4, 2017 and prior to November 19, 2018 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Park National Corporation's Current Report on Form 8-K dated and filed on December 5, 2017 (File No. 1-13006)) 
 10.25 Form of Park National Corporation 2017 Long-Term Incentive Plan for Employees Performance-Based Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement used to evidence awards of Performance-Based Restricted Stock Units to employees of Park National Corporation and of its subsidiaries granted after November 19, 2018 and prior to January 1, 2020 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Park National Corporation's Current Report on Form 8-K dated and filed on November 20, 2018 (File No. 1-13006)) 

-182- 

Exhibit No. Description of Exhibit 
 10.26 Form of Park National Corporation 2017 Long-Term Incentive Plan for Employees Amendment No. 1 to Performance-Based Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement, made effective as of January 1, 2019, entered into with employees of Park National Corporation and of its subsidiaries with respect to performance-based restricted stock unit awards granted effective January 1, 2019 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to Park National Corporation's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended March 31, 2020 (File No. 1-13006)("Park's March 31, 2020 Form 10-Q")) 
 10.27 Form of Park National Corporation 2017 Long-Term Incentive Plan for Employees Performance-Based Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement used to evidence awards of performance-based restricted stock units to employees of Park National Corporation and of its subsidiaries granted effective as of January 1, 2020 and prior to January 20, 2022 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to Park's March 31, 2020 Form 10-Q) 
 10.28 Park National Corporation 2017 Long-Term Incentive Plan for Employees Amendment No. 1 to Certain Performance-Based Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreements, entered into as of June 30, 2021, between Park National Corporation and C. Daniel DeLawder (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Park National Corporation's Current Report on Form 8-K dated and filed on July 9, 2021 (File No. 1-3006)) 
 10.29 Park National Corporation 2017 Long-Term Incentive Plan for Employees Performance Based Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement used to evidence awards of performance-based restricted stock units to employees of Park National Corporation and of its subsidiaries granted effective as of January 20, 2022 (filed herewith) 
 14 Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, as most recently approved by the Park National Corporation Board of Directors on April 22, 2022 (filed herewith) 
 21 Subsidiaries of Park National Corporation (filed herewith) 
 
 23 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (Crowe LLP) (filed herewith) 
 
 24 Power of Attorney of Directors and Executive Officers of Park National Corporation (filed herewith) 
 
 31.1 Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certifications - Principal Executive Officer (filed herewith) 
 
 31.2 Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certifications - Principal Financial Officer (filed herewith) 
 
 32 Certifications Pursuant to Section 1350 of Chapter 63 of Title 18 of the United States Code - Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer (furnished herewith) 
 
 101 The following information from Park National Corporation's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, formatted in Inline XBRL (eXtensible Business Reporting Language) pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T: (i) the Consolidated Balance Sheets at December 31, 2022 and 2021; (ii) the Consolidated Statements of Income for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020; (iii) the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020; (iv) the Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders' Equity for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2021; (v) the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020; and (vi) the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (electronically submitted herewith) 
 
 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (the cover page XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document with applicable taxonomy extension information contained in Exhibit 101) 
 ___________________ 
 
 Annexes, schedules and exhibits have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(b)(2) of SEC Regulation S-K, as in effect at the time of filing of the Agreement and Plan of Merger and Reorganization. A copy of any omitted attachment will be furnished supplementally by Park National Corporation to the SEC on a confidential basis upon request. 
 
 The instance document does not appear in the interactive data file because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 
 -183- 

Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 
 
 P Park National Corporation filed this exhibit with the SEC in paper form originally and this exhibit has not been filed with the SEC in electronic format. 

-184- 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this Report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. PARK NATIONAL CORPORATION Date: March 1, 2023 By: /s/ David L. Trautman David L. Trautman, Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this Report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities indicated on the 1st day of March, 2023. Name Capacity 
 /s/ David L. Trautman 
 David L. Trautman 
 Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer and Director 
 /s/ Matthew R. Miller 
 Matthew R. Miller 
 President and Director 
 /s/ Brady T. Burt 
 Brady T. Burt 
 Chief Financial Officer, Secretary and Treasurer 
 /s/ Kelly A. Herreman 
 Kelly A. Herreman 
 Chief Accounting Officer 
 /s/ Donna M. Alvarado 
 Donna M. Alvarado 
 Director /s/ Frederic M. Bertley, Ph.D. 
 Frederic M. Bertley, Ph.D. 
 Director /s/ C. Daniel DeLawder 
 C. Daniel DeLawder 
 Director 
 /s/ F. William Englefield IV 
 F. William Englefield IV 
 Director 
 /s/ Alicia J. Hupp 
 Alicia J. Hupp 
 Director 
 /s/ Jason N. Judd 
 Jason N. Judd 
 Director 
 /s/ Stephen J. Kambeitz 
 Stephen J. Kambeitz 
 Director 
 /s/ Timothy S. McLain 
 Timothy S. McLain 
 Director 
 -185- 

Name Capacity /s/ D. Byrd Miller III 
 D. Byrd Miller III 
 Director 
 /s/ Robert E. O Neill 
 Robert E. O Neill 
 Director /s/ Mark R. Ramser 
 Mark R. Ramser 
 Director /s/ Lee Zazworsky Leon "Lee" Zazworsky Director 
 
 __________________________ The undersigned, by signing his name hereto, does hereby sign this Annual Report on Form 10-K on behalf of each of the directors of the Registrant identified above pursuant to a Power of Attorney executed by the directors of the Registrant identified above, which Power of Attorney is filed with this Annual Report on Form 10-K in Exhibit 24. 
 By: /s/ Matthew R. Miller Matthew R. Miller President Attorney-in-Fact 

-186- 

<EX-4.4>
 2
 prk-ex44x20221231x10k.htm
 EX-4.4

Document 

Exhibit 4.4 
 
 PARK NATIONAL CORPORATION 
 50 North Third Street 
 Post Office Box 3500 
 Newark, Ohio 43058-3500 
 (740) 349-8451 
 www.parknationalcorp.com 
 
 March 1, 2023 

United States Securities and Exchange Commission 
 100 F Street, NE 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 

Re Park National Corporation 
 Commission File Number 1-13006 
 Annual Report on Form 10-K for the Fiscal Year 
 Ended December 31, 2022 
 
 Ladies and Gentlemen 
 
 Park National Corporation, an Ohio corporation Park ), is today filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Park for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 Park's 2022 Form 10-K ). 
 Neither (i) Park nor (ii) any of Park's consolidated subsidiaries has outstanding any instrument or agreement with respect to its long-term debt under which the total amount of long-term debt authorized exceeds 10 of the total assets of Park and Park's subsidiaries on a consolidated basis. In accordance with the provisions of Item 601(b)(4)(iii) of SEC Regulation S-K, Park hereby agrees to furnish to the SEC, upon request, a copy of each instrument or agreement defining (i) the rights of holders of long-term debt of Park or (ii) the rights of holders of long-term debt of a consolidated subsidiary of Park, in each case which is not being filed or incorporated by reference as an exhibit to Park's 2022 Form 10-K. 
 
 Very truly yours, 
 PARK NATIONAL CORPORATION 
 s Brady T. Burt 
 Brady T. Burt 
 Chief Financial Officer, Secretary and Treasurer 

</EX-4.4>

<EX-4.5>
 3
 prk-ex45x202212x31x10k.htm
 EX-4.5

Document 

Exhibit 4.5 
 DESCRIPTION OF CAPITAL STOCK 
 OF PARK NATIONAL CORPORATION 
 As of December 31, 2022, Park National Corporation Park, the Company, we, us or our had one class of securities registered under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act our common shares, without par value (our common shares ). 
 The following summary describes the material features of our common shares and our preferred shares, without par value (our preferred shares ). This summary does not describe every aspect of our common shares or our preferred shares and is subject to, and qualified in its entirety by reference to, all the provisions of our articles of incorporation and the amendments thereto (collectively, our articles and our regulations and the amendments thereto (collectively, our regulations ), each of which is incorporated by reference as an exhibit to this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and the applicable provisions of Ohio law. 
 Authorized Capital Stock 
 Under our articles, we have the authority to issue 20,000,000 common shares and 200,000 preferred shares. 
 Common Shares 
 All of our outstanding common shares are fully paid and non-assessable and our articles contain no restrictions on the alienability of our common shares. The rights, preferences and privileges of holders of our common shares are subject to, and may be adversely affected by, the rights of the holders of any series of preferred shares that the Park Board of Directors may designate and issue in the future. 
 Preemptive Rights 
 Our articles provide that the holders of our common shares do not have preemptive rights. 
 Dividends 
 As an Ohio corporation, Park may, in the discretion of the Park Board of Directors, generally pay dividends to the Park shareholders out of surplus, however created, but must notify the Park shareholders if a dividend is paid out of capital surplus. Holders of our common shares are entitled to receive dividends when, as and if declared by the Park Board of Directors from funds legally available therefor, subject to, and which may be adversely affected by, the rights, preferences and privileges of holders of any preferred shares that the Park Board of Directors may designate and issue in the future. Park s ability to obtain funds for the payment of dividends and for other cash requirements largely depends on the amount of dividends which may be declared and paid by Park s national bank subsidiary The Park National Bank PNB ). However, the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (the Federal Reserve Board 

expects Park to serve as a source of strength to PNB, which may require Park to retain capital for further investment in PNB, rather than pay dividends to the Park shareholders. Payment of dividends by PNB may be restricted at any time at the discretion of the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency (the OCC if the OCC deems such dividends to constitute an unsafe or unsound banking practice. This could have the effect of limiting Park s ability to pay dividends on our common shares. 
 PNB may not pay dividends out of PNB s surplus if, after paying these dividends, PNB would fail to satisfy all of the capital adequacy regulations and guidelines established by the OCC, including having a capital conservation buffer that is greater than 2.5 . In addition, PNB must have the approval of the OCC if a dividend in any year would cause the total dividends for that year to exceed the sum of PNB s net income for the current year and the retained net income of PNB for the preceding two years, less required transfers to surplus. Payments of dividends by PNB may be restricted at any time at the discretion of PNB s governing regulatory authorities if such regulatory authorities deem such dividends to constitute unsafe and or unsound banking practices or if necessary to maintain adequate capital. 
 The ability of PNB to pay dividends to Park is also subject to PNB s profitability, financial condition, capital expenditures and other cash flow requirements and contractual obligations. 
 The Federal Reserve Board has issued a policy statement with regard to the payment of cash dividends by financial holding companies and other bank holding companies. The policy statement provides that, as a matter of prudent banking, a financial holding company or a bank holding company should not maintain a rate of cash dividends on common stock unless its net income available to common shareholders over the past year has been sufficient to fully fund the dividends, and the prospective rate of earnings retention appears to be consistent with the financial holding company s or bank holding company s capital needs, asset quality and overall financial condition. Accordingly, a financial holding company or a bank holding company should not pay dividends that exceed its net income or can only be funded in ways that weaken the financial holding company's or bank holding company s financial health, such as by borrowing. In addition, Park may not pay dividends that would cause Park to fail to satisfy the capital adequacy regulations applicable to bank holding companies which qualify as financial holding companies, including having a capital conservation buffer that is greater than 2.5 . 
 Park is subject to contractual restrictions on the declaration and payment of dividends under the terms of certain of Park s debt instruments. 
 In connection with the merger of Vision Bancshares, Inc. Vision into Park on March 9, 2007 (the Vision Merger ), Park entered into a First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of the effective time of the Vision Merger (the First Supplemental Indenture ), with Vision and Wilmington Trust Company, as Trustee. Under the terms of the First Supplemental Indenture, Park assumed all of the payment and performance obligations of Vision under the Junior Subordinated Indenture, dated as of December 5, 2005 (the Indenture ), pursuant to which Vision issued approximately 15.5 million of floating rate junior subordinated notes to Vision Bancshares Trust I, a Delaware statutory trust (the Vision Trust ). The entire amount of the 
 2 

floating rate junior subordinated notes remained outstanding as of December 31, 2022. The floating rate junior subordinated notes were issued by Vision in connection with the sale by the Vision Trust of 15.0 million of floating rate preferred securities to institutional investors on December 5, 2005. 
 Under the terms of the First Supplemental Indenture, Park also succeeded to and was substituted for Vision with the same effect as if Park had originally been named (i) as Depositor in the Amended and Restated Trust Agreement of the Vision Trust, dated as of December 5, 2005 (the Trust Agreement ), among Vision, Wilmington Trust Company, as Property Trustee and as Delaware Trustee, and the Administrative Trustees named therein and (ii) as Guarantor in the Guarantee Agreement, dated as of December 5, 2005 (the Guarantee Agreement ), between Vision and Wilmington Trust Company, as Guarantee Trustee. Through these contractual obligations, Park has fully and unconditionally guaranteed all of the Vision Trust s obligations with respect to the floating rate preferred securities. 
 Both the floating rate junior subordinated notes and the floating rate preferred securities mature on December 30, 2035 (which maturity may be shortened), and carry a floating interest rate per annum, reset quarterly, equal to the sum of three-month LIBOR plus 1.48 percent. Payment of interest on the floating rate junior subordinated notes, and payment of cash distributions on the floating rate preferred securities, may be deferred at any time or from time to time for a period not to exceed twenty consecutive quarters. 
 Under the terms of the Indenture and the related Guarantee Agreement, Park, as successor to Vision in accordance with the First Supplemental Indenture, is prohibited, subject to limited exceptions specified in the Indenture, from declaring or paying dividends to the holders of our common shares (i) if an event of default under the Indenture has occurred and continues (ii) if Park is in default with respect to the payment of any obligations under the Guarantee Agreement or (iii) during any period in which the payment of interest on the floating rate junior subordinated notes by Park (and the payment of cash distributions on the floating rate preferred securities by the Vision Trust) is being deferred. 
 Liquidation Rights 
 Holders of our common shares are entitled to share ratably in Park s net assets legally available for distribution to shareholders in the event of Park s liquidation, dissolution or winding up, after (i) payment in full of all amounts required to be paid to creditors or provision for such payment and (ii) provision for the distribution of any preferential amounts to the holders of any preferred shares that the Park Board of Directors may designate and issue in the future. 
 Under the terms of the Indenture and the related Guarantee Agreement, Park, as successor to Vision in accordance with the First Supplemental Indenture, is prohibited, subject to limited exceptions specified in the Indenture, from making any liquidation payments with respect to any of Park s capital stock (including our common shares) (i) if an event of default under the Indenture has occurred and continues (ii) if Park is in default with respect to the payment of any obligations under the Guarantee Agreement or (iii) during any period in which the payment of 
 3 

interest on the floating rate junior subordinated notes by Park (and the payment of cash distributions on the floating rate preferred securities by the Vision Trust) is being deferred. 
 Subscription, Preference, Conversion, Exchange and Redemption Rights 
 The holders of our common shares do not have subscription, preference, conversion or exchange rights, and there are no mandatory redemption provisions applicable to our common shares. The rights, preferences and privileges of the holders of our common shares are subject to, and may be adversely affected by, the rights, preferences and privileges of holders of any preferred shares that the Park Board of Directors may designate and issue in the future. 
 Park is subject to contractual restrictions on the repurchase of common shares under the terms of certain of Park's debt instruments. 
 Under the terms of the Indenture and the related Guarantee Agreement, Park, as successor to Vision in accordance with the First Supplemental Indenture, is prohibited, subject to limited exceptions specified in the Indenture, from redeeming, repurchasing or otherwise acquiring any of Park s capital stock (including our common shares) (i) if an event of default under the Indenture has occurred and continues (ii) if Park is in default with respect to the payment of any obligations under the Guarantee Agreement or (iii) during any period in which the payment of interest on the floating rate junior subordinated notes by Park (and the payment of cash distributions on the floating rate preferred securities by the Vision Trust) is being deferred. 
 Number of Directors 
 Our regulations provide for the Park Board of Directors to consist of not less than five and not more than 16 directors. The Park Board of Directors may not increase the number of directors to a number which exceeds by more than two the number of directors last elected by the Park shareholders. 
 Classification of the Park Board of Directors 
 Our regulations provide for the Park Board of Directors to be divided into three classes, with the term of office of one class expiring each year. 
 Nomination of Directors 
 Under our regulations, either the Park Board of Directors or any Park shareholder entitled to vote in the election of directors may nominate a candidate for election to the Park Board of Directors. Any nomination by a Park shareholder must be made in writing and must be received by the President of Park not less than 14 days and not more than 50 days prior to the shareholder meeting at which directors are to be elected. If, however, notice of the meeting is mailed or disclosed to shareholders less than 21 days before the meeting date, any nomination by a Park shareholder must be received by the close of business on the 7th day after notice of the meeting is mailed. A shareholder s notice to Park nominating a director must set forth 
 the name and address of each proposed nominee 
 4 

the principal occupation of each proposed nominee 
 the total number of common shares that will be voted for each proposed nominee 
 the name and residence address of the notifying shareholder and 
 the number of common shares beneficially owned by the notifying shareholder. 
 Special Meetings of Shareholders 
 Pursuant to Ohio law and our regulations, any of the following persons may call a special meeting of shareholders (i) Park s Chairman of the Board (ii) Park s President, or, in case of the absence, death or disability of Park s President, the Vice President of Park, if any, authorized to exercise the authority of the President (iii) Park s Secretary (iv) the directors of Park by action at a meeting or a majority of the Park directors acting without a meeting or (v) the holders of at least 25 of the outstanding common shares entitled to vote at the meeting. 
 Voting Rights 
 Under Ohio law, shareholders have the right to make a request, in accordance with applicable procedures, to cumulate their votes in the election of directors unless a corporation s articles of incorporation eliminate that right. Our articles were amended on April 26, 2022 to eliminate cumulative voting in the election of directors. Accordingly, no holder of shares of any class of the Corporation shall have the right to vote cumulatively in the election of directors of the Corporation. 
 Each of our common shares entitles the holder thereof to one vote on each matter submitted to the Park shareholders for consideration. 
 Our articles contain special voting requirements that may be deemed to have anti-takeover effects. These special voting requirements are described in Article Eighth and apply when any of the following actions are contemplated 
 any merger or consolidation of Park with or into a beneficial owner of 20 or more of the voting power of Park entitled to vote in the election of directors (a 20 beneficial owner or an affiliate or associate of that 20 beneficial owner 
 any sale, lease, exchange, mortgage, pledge, transfer or other disposition of more than 10 of the total assets of Park, including the voting securities of any of Park s subsidiaries, or more than 10 of the total assets of any of Park s subsidiaries, to a 20 beneficial owner or an affiliate or associate of that 20 beneficial owner 
 any merger into Park, or one of Park s subsidiaries, of a 20 beneficial owner or an affiliate or associate of that 20 beneficial owner 
 any sale, lease, exchange, mortgage, pledge, transfer or other disposition to Park, or one of Park s subsidiaries, of all or any part of the assets of a 20 beneficial owner 
 5 

(or an affiliate or associate of that 20 beneficial owner), excluding any disposition which, if included with all other dispositions consummated during the same fiscal year by the same 20 beneficial owner and the affiliates and associates of that 20 beneficial owner, would not result in dispositions during such year of assets having an aggregate fair value in excess of 1 of the total consolidated assets of Park, unless all such dispositions by the 20 beneficial owner and its affiliates or associates during the same and the four immediately preceding fiscal years would result in disposition of assets having an aggregate fair value in excess of 2 of the total consolidated assets of Park 
 any reclassification of our common shares or any recapitalization involving our common shares consummated within five years after a 20 beneficial owner becomes such 
 any agreement, contract or arrangement providing for any of the previously described business combinations and 
 any amendment to Article Eighth of our articles. 
 The enlarged majority vote required when Article Eighth applies is the greater of 
 four-fifths of our outstanding common shares entitled to vote on the proposed business combination, or 
 that fraction of our outstanding common shares having 
 as the numerator, a number equal to the sum of (a) the number of our outstanding common shares beneficially owned by the 20 beneficial owner plus (b) two-thirds of the remaining number of our outstanding common shares, 
 and as the denominator, a number equal to the total number of our outstanding common shares entitled to vote. 
 Article Eighth does not apply where (i) the shareholders who do not vote in favor of a covered transaction and whose proprietary interest will be terminated in connection with the transaction are paid a minimum price per share and (ii) a proxy statement satisfying the requirements of the Exchange Act is mailed to the Park shareholders for the purpose of soliciting shareholder approval of the transaction. If the price criteria and procedural requirements are satisfied, the approval of a business combination would require only that affirmative vote (if any) required by law or by our articles or our regulations. 
 Listing 
 Our common shares are listed on NYSE American under the symbol PRK. 
 
 6 

Transfer Agent 
 Broadridge Corporate Issuer Solutions, Inc. serves as the transfer agent and registrar for our common shares. 
 Preferred Shares 
 The 200,000 authorized but unissued preferred shares are typically referred to as blank check preferred shares. This term refers to preferred shares for which the rights and restrictions are determined by the board of directors of a corporation at the time the preferred shares are issued. Under our articles, the Park Board of Directors has the authority, without any further shareholder vote or action, to issue preferred shares in one or more series, from time to time, with full or limited voting power, or without voting power, and with all designations, preferences and relative, participating, optional or other special rights and privileges of, and qualifications, limitations or restrictions upon, the preferred shares, as may be provided in the amendment or amendments to our articles adopted by the Park Board of Directors. The authority of the Park Board of Directors includes, but is not limited to, the determination or fixing of the following with respect to preferred shares of any series 
 the division of the preferred shares into series and the designation and authorized number of preferred shares (up to the number of preferred shares authorized under our articles) in each series 
 the dividend rate and whether dividends are to be cumulative 
 whether preferred shares are to be redeemable, and, if so, the redemption price 
 the liquidation rights to which the holders of preferred shares will be entitled (including the liquidation price), and the preferences, if any 
 whether the preferred shares will be subject to the operation of a sinking fund, and, if so, upon what conditions 
 whether the preferred shares will be convertible into or exchangeable for shares of any other class or of any other series of any class of capital stock and the terms and conditions of the conversion or exchange 
 the voting rights of the preferred shares, which may be full, limited or denied, except as otherwise required by law provided that the voting rights of any series of preferred shares may not be greater than the voting rights of our common shares 
 the preemptive rights, if any, to which the holders of preferred shares will be entitled and any limitations thereon 
 whether the issuance of any additional shares, or of any shares of any other series, will be subject to restrictions as to issuance, or as to the powers, preferences or rights of these other series and 
 7 

any other relative, participating, optional or other special rights and privileges, and qualifications, limitations or restrictions. 
 Certain anti-takeover effects of our articles and our regulations 
 Certain provisions of our articles and our regulations may have the effect of impeding the acquisition of control of Park by means of a tender offer, a proxy fight, open-market purchases or otherwise in a transaction not approved by the Park Board of Directors. These provisions of our articles and our regulations include the following 
 If a special meeting of Park shareholders is called by Park shareholders, it must be called by holders of not less than twenty-five percent of all shares outstanding and entitled to vote thereat 
 Nomination of candidates for election to the Park Board of Directors requires advance notice containing certain information about the nominating Park shareholder and the nominee 
 Our regulations may be amended only by the affirmative vote of the holders of at least two-thirds of the outstanding voting power of Park and 
 Certain business combinations with controlling persons require approval by a supermajority of Park s outstanding voting shares. 
 Ohio Anti-takeover statutes 
 Certain state laws make a change in control of an Ohio corporation more difficult, even if desired by the holders of a majority of the corporation s shares. Provided below is a summary of the Ohio anti-takeover statutes. 
 The Ohio Revised Code provides, in certain circumstances, that the approval of two-thirds of the voting power of a corporation is required to effect mergers and similar transactions, to adopt amendments to the articles of incorporation of a corporation and to take certain other significant actions. Although under Ohio law, the articles of incorporation of a corporation may permit such actions to be taken by a vote that is less than two-thirds (but not less than a majority), our articles do not contain such a provision. 
 Ohio Revised Code Section 1701.831 is a control share acquisition statute. The control share acquisition statute provides, in essence, that any person acquiring shares of an issuing public corporation (which Park meets by definition) in any of the following three ownership ranges must seek and obtain shareholder approval of the acquisition transaction that first puts such ownership within each such range (i) one-fifth or more but less than one-third (ii) one-third or more but less than a majority and (iii) a majority or more. 
 The control share acquisition statute applies not only to traditional offers but also to open market purchases, privately-negotiated transactions and original issuances by an Ohio corporation, whether friendly or unfriendly. The procedural requirements of the control share 
 8 

acquisition statute could render approval of any control share acquisition difficult because it must be authorized at a special meeting of shareholders, for which the statutorily prescribed form of notice has been given and at which the statutorily prescribed quorum is present, by the affirmative vote of the majority of the voting power of the corporation in the election of directors represented at the meeting and by a majority of the portion of such voting power, excluding the voting power of interested shares. 
 A corporation may elect not to be covered by the provisions of the control share acquisition statute by the adoption of an appropriate amendment to its articles of incorporation or its regulations. Our regulations, as currently in effect, provide that Section 1701.831 of the Ohio Revised Code does not apply to control share acquisitions of shares of Park. 
 Ohio Revised Code Chapter 1704 is a merger moratorium statute. The merger moratorium statute provides that, unless a corporation s articles of incorporation otherwise provide, an issuing public corporation (which Park meets by definition) may not engage in a Chapter 1704 transaction for three years following the date on which a person acquires more than 10 of the voting power in the election of directors of the issuing corporation, unless the Chapter 1704 transaction or the acquisition of more than 10 of the voting power is approved by the corporation s board of directors prior to such acquisition of more than 10 of the voting power. A person who acquires such voting power is an interested shareholder, and Chapter 1704 transactions involve a broad range of transactions, including mergers, consolidations, combinations, liquidations, recapitalizations and other transactions between an issuing public corporation and an interested shareholder if such transactions involve at least 5 of the aggregate fair market value of the assets or shares of the issuing public corporation or assets representing at least 10 of its earning power or income. After the initial three-year moratorium, Chapter 1704 prohibits such transactions absent approval by disinterested shareholders or the transaction meeting certain statutorily defined fair price provisions. 
 A corporation may elect not to be covered by the provisions of Ohio Revised Code Chapter 1704 by the adoption of an appropriate amendment to its articles of incorporation. Our articles, as currently in effect, provide that Ohio Revised Code Chapter 1704 does not apply to Park. 
 Ohio also has enacted Ohio Revised Code Section 1707.043, which provides that a person who announces a control bid with respect to an Ohio corporation that has issued and outstanding shares listed on a national securities exchange (which Park does with our common shares) must disgorge profits realized by that person upon the sale of any equity securities within 18 months of the announcement. 
 In addition, Section 1701.59 of the Ohio Revised Code provides that, in determining what a director reasonably believes to be in the best interests of the corporation, such director may consider, in addition to the interests of the corporation s shareholders, any of the interests of the corporation s employees, suppliers, creditors and customers, the economy of the State of Ohio and the United States, community and societal considerations and the long-term as well as the short-term interests in the corporation and its shareholders, including the possibility that these interests may be best served by the continued independence of the corporation. 
 9 

The overall effect of the statutes described above may be to render more difficult or discourage the removal of incumbent management of an Ohio corporation or the assumption of effective control of an Ohio corporation by other persons. 
 
 10 

</EX-4.5>

<EX-10.1>
 4
 prk-ex101x20221231x10k.htm
 EX-10.1

Document 

Exhibit 10.1 

Summary of Base Salaries 
 for 
 Executive Officers of Park National Corporation 
 
 On January 18, 2023, the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors of Park National Corporation Park approved the base salaries for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2023, for each of the executive officers of Park (a) David L. Trautman, Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer of each of Park and The Park National Bank, a subsidiary of Park PNB (b) Brady T. Burt, Chief Financial Officer, Secretary and Treasurer of Park and Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of PNB and (c) Matthew R. Miller, President of each of Park and PNB Those base salaries are 
 
 David L. Trautman -- 750,000 
 
 Brady T. Burt -- 400,000 
 
 Matthew R. Miller -- 550,000 

</EX-10.1>

<EX-10.17>
 5
 prk-ex1017x20221231x10k.htm
 EX-10.17

Document 

Exhibit 10.17 
 
 Summary of Certain Compensation for Directors of Park National Corporation 
 
 Annual Retainers and Meeting Fees 
 Park National Corporation Park uses a combination of cash and stock-based compensation to attract and retain qualified candidates to serve on the Park Board of Directors. To align the interests of the Park directors and the Park shareholders, Park s Regulations require that all directors of Park be shareholders. Park does not have a requirement which addresses the number of common shares that need to be retained by directors. 
 
 Cash Compensation 
 For the period from January 1, 2022 through April 25, 2022, the per meeting fees paid by Park to individuals serving as non-employee directors for attending meetings of the full Park Board of Directors and meetings of the respective Board committees were the same as the per meeting fees paid by Park to individuals serving as non-employee directors during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021 (i) 1,200 for each meeting of the Board of Directors attended (ii) 900 for each meeting of the Audit Committee or of the Executive Committee attended and (iii) 750 for each meeting of each other Board committee attended. From and after April 26, 2022, per meeting fees are no longer paid to non-employee directors. 
 
 The following table sets forth the annual cash retainers paid by Park on or about April 26, 2022 to the individuals then serving as non-employee directors of Park for services to be rendered during the period from April 26, 2022 to April 24, 2023 by such individuals in their respective capacities as (i) members of the Board of Directors of both Park and The Park National Bank, the national bank subsidiary of Park Park National Bank (ii) members of committees of the Board of Directors of Park (iii) members of committees of the Board of Directors of Park National Bank and (iv) members of the advisory board of directors of one of the divisions of Park National Bank. The annual cash retainers to be paid by Park on or about April 25, 2023 to the individuals then serving as non-employee directors of Park for services to be rendered from April 25, 2023 to April 22, 2024 by such individuals in the capacities as identified in the following table will be the same as those for the period from April 26, 2022 to April 24, 2023. 
 
 Annual Retainers Board Member (serving as director of Park and Park National Bank 40,000 Lead Director (Additional) 25,000 Annual Retainer for Committee Chairs Audit Committee (Joint committee for Park and Park National Bank) 15,000 Compensation Committee (Park only) 10,000 Executive Committee (Joint committee for Park and Park National Bank) 25,000 Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee (Park only) 10,000 Risk Committee (Park only) 10,000 Trust Committee (Park National Bank only) 10,000 Annual Retainer for Other Committee Members Audit Committee (Joint committee for Park and Park National Bank) 7,500 Compensation Committee (Park only) 5,000 Executive Committee (Joint committee for Park and Park National Bank) 20,000 Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee (Park only) 5,000 Risk Committee (Park only) 5,000 Trust Committee (Park National Bank only) 5,000 Additional Annual Retainer for Advisory Board Members 7,500 

1 

Annual Retainers Payable in Common Shares 
 
 Each individual then serving as a non-employee director of Park and Park National Bank received, on the date of the regular meeting of the Park Board of Directors held during the fourth quarter of the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, an annual retainer, in the form of common shares awarded under the Park National Corporation 2017 Long-Term Incentive Plan for Non-Employee Directors, for service as a member of (i) the Park Board of Directors (ii) the Park National Bank Board of Directors and (iii) where applicable, the advisory board of directors of one of the divisions of Park National Bank. The aggregate grant date fair value of the common shares awarded was 40,000. The annual retainer to be paid in common shares during the fourth quarter of the fiscal year ending December 31, 2023 will have the same 40,000 aggregate grant date fair value. 
 
 Other Compensation 
 
 In addition to the annual retainers and meeting fees discussed above, non-employee directors also received during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, and will continue to receive during the fiscal year ending December 31, 2023, reimbursement of all reasonable travel and other expenses of attending board and committee meetings. 
 David L. Trautman and Matthew R. Miller receive no compensation for (i) serving as a member of the Park Board of Directors (ii) serving as a member of the board of directors of Park National Bank or (iii) serving as a member of any committee of the respective boards of directors of Park and Park National Bank. 

2 

</EX-10.17>

<EX-10.29>
 6
 prk-ex1029x20221231x10k.htm
 EX-10.29

Document 

Exhibit 10.29 
 
 PARK NATIONAL CORPORATION 
 2017 LONG-TERM INCENTIVE PLAN FOR EMPLOYEES 

Performance-Based Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement 
 
 This Performance-Based Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (this Agreement is made effective as of January 20, 2022 (the Grant Date by and between Park National Corporation (the Company and Associate Name (the Participant or you ). Capitalized terms not defined in this Agreement have the meanings given to them in the Plan (as defined below). 
 
 1. Grant of Performance-Based Restricted Stock Units 
 
 The Company hereby grants to you an award of Number of Awards Performance-Based Restricted Stock Units (the PBRSUs or the Maximum Award ), subject to the terms and conditions described in the Park National Corporation 2017 Long-Term Incentive Plan for Employees (the Plan and this Agreement. 
 
 2. Restrictions on Vesting and Distribution 
 
 Your PBRSUs will be earned and settled or, in the alternative, forfeited depending on whether the applicable terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement have been met. For purposes of this Agreement, the Performance Period means the period beginning on January 1, 2022 and ending on December 31, 2024, and the Performance Date means the last day of the Performance Period. Except as otherwise provided in Section 3, Section 4 or Section 5 of this Agreement 
 
 (A) Performance-Based Criteria for Vesting 
 
 (i) All PBRSUs granted to you pursuant to this Agreement will be forfeited 
 on the Performance Date if the Company s consolidated net income for 
 each fiscal year during the Performance Period has not equaled or 
 exceeded the aggregate amount of (a) all cash dividends declared and 
 paid with respect to the Common Shares of the Company during such 
 fiscal year plus (b) 10 of the amount determined under Section 
 2(A)(i)(a) of this Agreement, in each case as certified by the Committee 
 and 
 
 (ii) A percentage of the Maximum Award PBRSUs as set forth in the table 
 below (interpolated on a straight line basis for percentiles between those 
 specifically identified in such table) will be earned on the Performance 
 Date based on the Company s cumulative return on average assets for the 
 Performance Period as compared to the cumulative return on average 
 assets results for the Performance Period for the Industry Index of 
 financial services holding companies in the United States with total 
 1 

consolidated assets of 3 billion to 10 billion, excluding corporations 
 classified for federal income tax purposes as S corporations (the 3 
 Billion to 10 Billion Industry Index or the Peer Group ), in each case 
 as determined and certified by the Committee (the date of such 
 determination and certification by the Committee being the Certification 
 Date for purposes of this Agreement) 
 
 Cumulative Return on Average Assets of the Company as compared to Cumulative Return on Average Assets Results of Peer Group Percentage of Maximum Award Number PBRSUs Earned Less than the 50th percentile of Peer Group Equal to the 50th percentile of Peer Group 
 Represents the Minimum Target Award which may be earned 

66-2 3 
 Target PRBSUs 
 Equal to or greater than the 80th percentile of Peer Group 
 Represents the Maximum Award which may be earned 
 
 100 
 Max PRBSUs 

(B) Service-Based Vesting Requirements 
 
 (i) On the Certification Date, one-half of any PBRSUs that were earned on 
 the Performance Date, pursuant to the criteria set forth in Section 2(A) of 
 this Agreement, will vest if you are still employed by the Company or one 
 of the Affiliates of the Company on such Certification Date and 
 
 (ii) On the first anniversary of the Certification Date, one-half of any PBRSUs 
 that were earned on the Performance Date, pursuant to the criteria set forth 
 in Section 2(A) of this Agreement, will vest if you are still employed by 
 the Company or one of the Affiliates of the Company on such first 
 anniversary of the Certification Date. 
 
 3. Effect of Termination of Employment 
 
 (A) Termination of Employment Due to Death, Disability or Retirement For 
 purposes of this Agreement, Retirement means normal retirement or early 
 retirement, as each term is defined in the Park National Corporation Defined 
 Benefit Pension Plan. 
 
 (i) During Performance Period . If the Participant dies or terminates 
 employment with the Company and each of the Affiliates of the Company 
 due to Disability or Retirement at any time during the Performance Period, 
 if the applicable performance-based criteria for vesting specified in 
 Section 2(A) of this Agreement have been met, a pro-rated portion of the 
 PBRSUs granted to the Participant pursuant to this Agreement will vest on 
 2 

the Performance Date, which pro-rated portion will be equal to the product 
 of (a) the number of PBRSUs that would have been earned on the 
 Performance Date based on the actual level of achievement for the 
 Performance Period with respect to the performance-based criteria for 
 vesting specified in Section 2(A) of this Agreement multiplied by (b) the 
 quotient of the number of full calendar months which have lapsed between 
 the Grant Date and the date of the Participant s death or the date of the 
 Participant s actual termination of employment with the Company and 
 each of the Affiliates of the Company due to Disability or Retirement, as 
 appropriate, divided by the number of months in the Performance Period. 
 
 (ii) After Performance Period . If the Participant dies or terminates 
 employment with the Company and each of the Affiliates of the Company 
 due to Disability or Retirement after the Performance Period has ended but 
 before the service-based vesting requirements specified for the PBRSUs in 
 Section 2(B) of this Agreement have been satisfied, all unvested PBRSUs 
 granted to the Participant pursuant to this Agreement which remain 
 outstanding as of the date of the Participant s death or termination of 
 employment with the Company and each of the Affiliates of the Company 
 due to Disability or Retirement will immediately vest. 
 
 (iii) The PBRSUs which vest pursuant to this Section 3(A) will be settled in 
 the form contemplated in Section 6, which settlement will be effective as 
 contemplated in Section 6. 
 
 (B) Termination of Employment for Cause If the Participant s employment with the 
 Company and each of the Affiliates of the Company is terminated for Cause, all 
 unvested PBRSUs granted to the Participant pursuant to this Agreement will be 
 immediately forfeited. 
 
 (C) Termination of Employment for any Reason Other than Death, Disability, 
 Retiremen t or for Cause . If the Participant s employment with the Company and 
 each of the Affiliates of the Company terminates for any reason other than due to 
 the Participant s death, Disability or Retirement or for Cause, all unvested 
 PBRSUs granted to the Participant pursuant to this Agreement will be 
 immediately forfeited. 
 
 4. Effect of Change in Control 
 
 Notwithstanding the provisions of Section 2(A) and Section 2(B) of this Agreement, in 
 the event of a Change in Control, the Participant will immediately vest in all unvested 
 PBRSUs as though the cumulative return on average assets of the Company as compared 
 to the cumulative return on average assets results of the Peer Group had been achieved at 
 the level of achievement (i.e., the percentile of the Peer Group) which would have been 
 achieved if the Performance Period for purposes of Section 2(A) of this Agreement had begun on January 1, 2021 and ended on December 31 of the fiscal year most recently completed prior to the Change in Control provided, however, that the other performance-based criteria for vesting set forth in Section 2(A) of this Agreement must have been 
 3 

satisfied as of the date of the Change in Control. The Committee shall determine and certify the level of achievement for purposes of this Section 4. The PBRSUs which vest pursuant to this Section 4 will be settled in the form contemplated in Section 6 of this Agreement, which settlement will be effective as of the date of the Change in Control. Section 5 of this Agreement shall not apply with respect to any Forfeiture Event occurring on or after the date of the Change in Control. 
 
 5. Forfeiture Events 
 
 (A) The PBRSUs granted pursuant to this Agreement and any Common Shares 
 delivered pursuant to this Agreement shall be subject to the following additional 
 forfeiture conditions, to which the Participant, by accepting the grant of PBRSUs 
 pursuant to this Agreement, agrees. If any of the events specified in Section 
 5(B)(i), Section 5(B)(ii), Section 5(B)(iii), Section 5(B)(iv) or Section 5(B)(v) of 
 this Agreement occurs (a Forfeiture Event ), the following forfeitures shall 
 result 
 
 (i) the PBRSUs and any related Dividend Credit Amount not then vested or 
 settled will be immediately forfeited and canceled upon the occurrence of 
 the Forfeiture Event and 
 
 (ii) the Participant will be obligated to forfeit to the Company, within five (5) 
 business days after demand is made therefor by the Company, (I) all 
 Common Shares and any cash in lieu of a fractional Common Share which 
 the Participant received upon settlement of any PBRSUs subject to this 
 Agreement during the twelve-month period immediately preceding the 
 earlier of (a) the termination of the Participant s employment with the 
 Company and each of the Affiliates of the Company or (b) the occurrence 
 of the Forfeiture Event (which forfeiture shall exclude any Common 
 Shares which had been withheld by the Company or an Affiliate of the 
 Company in order to satisfy the Participant s tax withholding obligations 
 as contemplated by Section 7(C) of this Agreement) and (II) all cash paid 
 to the Participant in respect of the Dividend Credit Amount related to any 
 PBRSUs settled pursuant to the terms of this Agreement during the 
 twelve-month period immediately preceding the earlier of (a) the 
 termination of the Participant s employment with the Company and each 
 of the Affiliates of the Company or (b) the occurrence of the Forfeiture 
 Event. 
 
 (B) The forfeitures specified in Section 5(A) of this Agreement will be triggered upon 
 the occurrence of any one of the following Forfeiture Events at any time during 
 the Participant s employment with the Company or any Affiliate of the Company, 
 or during the twelve-month period following the termination of the Participant s 
 employment with the Company and each of the Affiliates of the Company 
 
 (i) the Participant, acting alone or with others, directly or indirectly, (I) 
 induces any customer or supplier of the Company or any Affiliate of the 
 Company, with which the Company or any Affiliate of the Company has a 
 4 

business relationship, to curtail, cancel, not renew or not continue his or 
 her or its business with the Company or any Affiliate of the Company or 
 (II) induces, or attempts to induce, any employee of or service provider to 
 the Company or any Affiliate of the Company to terminate such 
 employment or service. Neither the Company nor any Affiliate of the 
 Company shall bear any responsibility for the Participant s tax 
 consequences from any forfeiture pursuant to this Section 5 
 
 (ii) the Participant discloses, uses, sells or otherwise transfers, except in the 
 course of employment with or other service to the Company or any 
 Affiliate of the Company, any confidential or proprietary information of 
 the Company or any Affiliate of the Company, including but not limited to 
 information regarding the Company s or any Affiliate of the Company s 
 current and potential customers, organization, employees, finances and 
 methods of operations and investments, so long as such information has 
 not otherwise been disclosed to the public or is not otherwise in the public 
 domain (other than by the Participant s breach of this provision), except as 
 required by law or pursuant to legal process, or the Participant makes 
 statements or representations, or otherwise communicates, directly or 
 indirectly, in writing, orally or otherwise, or takes any other action which 
 may, directly or indirectly, disparage or be damaging to the Company or 
 any of the Affiliates of the Company or their respective officers, directors, 
 employees, advisors, businesses or reputations, except as required by law 
 or pursuant to legal process 
 
 (iii) the Participant fails to cooperate with the Company or any Affiliate of the 
 Company in any way, including, without limitation, by making the 
 Participant available to testify on behalf of the Company or such Affiliate 
 of the Company in any action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, 
 administrative or investigative, or otherwise fails to assist the Company or 
 any Affiliate of the Company in any way, including, without limitation, in 
 connection with any such action, suit or proceeding by providing 
 information and meeting and consulting with members of management of, 
 other representatives of, or counsel to, the Company or such Affiliate of 
 the Company, as reasonably requested 
 
 (iv) the Participant, alone or in conjunction with another person, (I) interferes 
 with or harms, or attempts to interfere with or harm, the relationship of the 
 Company or any Affiliate of the Company with any person who at any 
 time was a customer or supplier of the Company or any Affiliate of the 
 Company or otherwise had a business relationship with the Company or 
 any Affiliate of the Company or (II) hires, solicits for hire, aids in or 
 facilitates the hiring of, or causes to be hired, either as an employee, 
 contractor or consultant, any person who is then currently employed, or 
 was employed at any time during the six-month period prior thereto, as an 
 employee, contractor or consultant of the Company or any Affiliate of the 
 Company or 
 
 5 

(v) the Participant engages in activity while employed by the Company or 
 any Affiliate of the Company which would constitute Cause for the 
 termination of the Participant s employment. 
 
 (C) Despite the conditions set forth in this Section 5, the Participant is not hereby 
 prohibited from engaging in any activity set forth in Section 5(B) of this 
 Agreement, including but not limited to competition with the Company and the 
 Affiliates of the Company. Rather, the non-occurrence of the Forfeiture Events 
 set forth in Section 5(B) of this Agreement is a condition to the Participant s right 
 to realize and retain value from the PBRSUs granted pursuant to this Agreement, 
 and the consequences under the Plan and this Agreement if the Participant 
 engages in an activity giving rise to any such Forfeiture Events are the forfeitures 
 specified in Section 5(A) of this Agreement and as otherwise provided in this 
 Agreement. The Company and the Participant shall not be precluded by this 
 provision or otherwise from entering into other agreements concerning the subject 
 matter of Section 5(A) and or Section 5(B) of this Agreement. 
 
 (D) The Committee may, in its discretion, waive in whole or in part the Company s 
 right to forfeiture by the Participant under this Section 5, but no such waiver shall 
 be effective unless evidenced by a writing signed by a duly authorized officer of 
 the Company. 
 
 (E) In addition to the above, the Participant agrees that any of the conduct described 
 in Section 5(B)(i), Section 5(B)(ii) or Section 5(B)(iv) of this Agreement would 
 result in irreparable injury and damage to the Company for which the Company 
 would have no adequate remedy at law. The Participant agrees that in the event 
 of such occurrence or any threat thereof, the Company shall be entitled to an 
 immediate injunction and restraining order to prevent such conduct and threatened 
 conduct and or continued conduct by the Participant and or any and all persons 
 and or entities acting for and or with the Participant, and without having to prove 
 damages and to all costs and expenses incurred by the Company in seeking to 
 enforce the Company s rights under this Agreement. These remedies are in 
 addition to any other remedies to which the Company may be entitled at law or in 
 equity. The Participant agrees that the covenants of the Participant contained in 
 Section 5(B) of this Agreement are reasonable. 
 
 6. Settlement of the Performance-Based Restricted Stock Units 
 
 If all applicable terms and conditions of this Agreement have been satisfied, subject to 
 the provisions of Section 4, Section 5 and Section 7(C) of this Agreement, each PBRSU 
 which has vested will be settled in the form of one Common Share within sixty (60) days 
 following the date all vesting requirements with respect to the PBRSU have been 
 satisfied provided, however, that in lieu of a fractional Common Share, the Participant 
 will receive a cash payment equal to the Fair Market Value of such fractional Common 
 Share as of the date on which all vesting requirements with respect to the PBRSU have 
 been satisfied. 

6 

7. Other Rules Affecting the Performance-Based Restricted Stock Units 
 
 (A) No Voting Rights Before Vesting . In no event will the Participant have any 
 voting rights with respect to the Common Shares underlying the PBRSUs granted 
 pursuant to this Agreement prior to the settlement of such PBRSUs. 
 
 (B) Dividend Equivalent Rights . If a cash dividend is declared and paid with respect 
 to the Common Shares underlying the PBRSUs granted pursuant to this 
 Agreement, the Participant will be deemed to have been credited with a cash 
 amount equal to the product of (i) the number of PBRSUs that have not been 
 settled or forfeited as of both the dividend declaration date and the dividend 
 payment date, multiplied by (ii) the amount of the cash dividend declared and 
 paid with respect to each outstanding Common Share of the Company. Such 
 deemed credited amount of cash (the Dividend Credit Amount will be subject 
 to the same terms and conditions, including all vesting requirements set forth in 
 this Agreement, as the related PBRSUs and such Dividend Credit Amount will 
 vest and, subject to the provisions of Section 5 and Section 7(C) of this 
 Agreement, be settled in the form of payment of the Dividend Credit Amount in 
 cash if, when and to the extent the related PBRSUs vest and are settled. In the 
 event a PBRSU is forfeited, the related Dividend Credit Amount will also be 
 immediately forfeited. 
 
 (C) Tax Withholding . The Company or an Affiliate of the Company, as applicable, 
 has the power and right to deduct, withhold or collect any amount required by law 
 or regulation to be withheld with respect to any taxable event arising with respect 
 to the PBRSUs and any related Dividend Credit Amount as permitted by the Plan. 
 Unless otherwise specifically permitted by the Committee, the applicable 
 withholding requirement will be satisfied with respect to the PBRSUs (but not 
 with respect to the related Dividend Credit Amount unless agreed to by the 
 Committee and the Participant) by having the Company or an Affiliate of the 
 Company, as applicable, withhold Common Shares having a Fair Market Value 
 on the date the tax is to be determined equal to the minimum statutory total tax 
 that could be imposed on the transaction, or such higher withholding elected by 
 the Participant provided that such higher withholding would not have a negative 
 accounting impact for the Company or an Affiliate of the Company provided that 
 the Common Shares to be withheld would otherwise be distributable to the 
 Participant in respect of the related PBRSUs at the time of the withholding and 
 the Participant has a vested right to distribution of such Common Shares at such 
 time. 
 
 (D) Limitations on Assignment or Transfer of Performance-Based Restricted Stock 
 Units . The PBRSUs granted pursuant to this Agreement may not be sold, 
 transferred, pledged, assigned or otherwise alienated or hypothecated, except by 
 will or the laws of descent and distribution provided, however, that the 
 Committee may allow you to place your PBRSUs and any right you may have to 
 payment of the related Dividend Credit Amount into a trust established for your 
 benefit or the benefit of your family members. 
 7 

8. Restrictions on Resale or Other Similar Disposition of Common Shares Received Upon Settlement of the Performance-Based Restricted Stock Units 
 
 (A) The Participant hereby acknowledges and agrees that, subject to the provisions of 
 Section 7(C) of this Agreement, none of the Common Shares received upon settlement of the PBRSUs may be sold, transferred, assigned or otherwise similarly disposed of by the Participant to any person for a period of five (5) years after the date of settlement provided, however, that this restriction will not apply in the event of the settlement of the PBRSUs following the death, Disability or Retirement of the Participant or following a Change in Control. In addition, if following the settlement of the PBRSUs, the Participant subsequently terminates employment with the Company and each of the Affiliates of the Company by reason of death, Disability or Retirement, the restrictions of this Section 8 will immediately cease to apply. 
 
 (B) The Participant acknowledges and agrees that the Company will cause each share 
 certificate evidencing, or other form of evidence of ownership of, the Common 
 Shares received upon settlement of the PBRSUs to bear, to the extent practicable, 
 an appropriate legend reflecting the terms of this Section 8, which legend may be 
 in the following or any other appropriate form 
 
 Restrictions on the right to transfer the common shares evidenced by this 
 certificate (the Common Shares are set forth in a written Performance- 
 Based Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement, made effective as of 
 January 20, 2022 , to which Park National Corporation (the Company 
 and Formal_Name Executive (the Participant are parties. The 
 Company will mail to the recordholder of the Common Shares a copy of 
 said Performance-Based Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement, without 
 charge, within five days after receipt of a written request therefor. 
 
 9. Miscellaneous 
 
 (A) Amendment . This Agreement may be amended by a written agreement signed by 
 both parties to this Agreement provided, however, that the Company may amend 
 this Agreement to the extent necessary to comply with any applicable law or 
 regulation without your consent or any additional consideration, even if any such 
 amendment eliminates, restricts or reduces your rights under this Agreement. 
 
 (B) Other Terms and Conditions . Your PBRSUs are subject to the terms and 
 conditions described in this Agreement and the Plan, which is incorporated by 
 reference into and made a part of this Agreement. No agreement or 
 representations, express or implied, with respect to the subject matter hereof have 
 been made by either party which are not set forth expressly in this Agreement or 
 the Plan. In the event of a conflict between the terms of the Plan and the terms of 
 this Agreement, the terms of the Plan will govern. The Committee has sole 
 responsibility of interpreting the Plan and this Agreement, and its determination 
 of the meaning of any provision in the Plan or this Agreement shall be binding. 
 
 8 

(C) Captions . The captions contained in this Agreement are included only for 
 convenience of reference and do not define, limit, explain or modify this 
 Agreement or its interpretation, construction or meaning and are in no way to be 
 construed as a part of this Agreement. 
 
 (D) Severability . In the event that any provision of this Agreement shall be held 
 illegal or invalid for any reason, the illegality or invalidity shall not affect the 
 remaining provisions of this Agreement, and this Agreement shall be construed 
 and enforced as if the illegal or invalid provision had not been included. 
 
 (E) Successors and Assigns . This Agreement shall be binding upon all successors and 
 assigns of the Company. 
 
 (F) Signature in Counterparts . This Agreement may be signed in counterparts, each 
 of which shall be an original, with the same effect as if the signatures thereto and 
 hereto were upon the same instrument. 
 
 (G Electronic Delivery . Any counterpart contemplated by Section 9(F), to the extent 
 delivered by means of a facsimile machine or by .pdf, .tif, .gif, .jpeg or similar 
 attachment to electronic mail, or in any manner complying with the U.S. Federal 
 ESIGN Act of 2000 or similar provisions of Ohio law such as digital signatures 
 provided by DocuSign or other digital signature provider (collectively, 
 Electronic Delivery shall be treated in all manner and respects as an originally 
 executed counterpart and shall be considered to have the same binding legal effect 
 as if it were the original signed version thereof delivered in person. At the request 
 of either party to this Agreement, the other party shall re-execute the original form 
 of this Agreement and deliver such form to the other party. 
 
 Remainder of page intentionally left blank signature page follows 

9 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Participant has executed this Agreement, and the Company has caused this Agreement to be executed by its duly authorized officer, to be effective as of the Grant Date. 

Company 
 
 PARK NATIONAL CORPORATION, 
 an Ohio corporation 
 Participant By Associate Name 
 Title Street Address City, State, and Zip Code Date 
 Date 

10 

</EX-10.29>

<EX-14>
 7
 prk-ex14x20221231x10k.htm
 EX-14

Document 

Exhibit 14 

PARK NATIONAL CORPORATION 
 CODE OF BUSINESS CONDUCT AND ETHICS 

Adopted by the Board of Directors 
 January 16, 2001 
 
 Most Recently Reviewed by the Policy Manager 
 April 8, 2022 
 
 Most Recently Approved by the Board of Directors 
 April 22, 2022 

Policy ownership and decision-making is the responsibility of Matt Miller, (740) 349-0402. 
 Overall policy administration and governance is the responsibility of Brady Burt, (740) 322-6844. 
 If you have comments or suggestions regarding the Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, 
 contact Jerrod Gambs at (740) 349-0419 or Mark Miller at (614) 907-9091. 

Park National Corporation Park is judged by the collective and individual performance of the directors advisory board members (together, the directors ), officers, associates, and agents of Park and its subsidiaries, including The Park National Bank PNB ), and the divisions of PNB, as well as Guardian Financial Services Company. Collectively, Park and all of its subsidiaries are referred to as the Company . Thus, the directors, officers, associates, and agents of the Company traditionally have recognized that their first duty to the Company is to act in a manner that merits public trust and confidence. 
 
 As professionals, the Company's directors, officers, associates, and agents have earned a reputation for integrity and competence. They have been guided and judged by the highest standards of conduct. Over the years, these standards have been reaffirmed, despite new challenges and ever-changing social values. Integrity, honesty, public trust and confidence have served as crucial tests of our service and success. 
 
 1 

This Code of Business Conduct and Ethics (this Code of Ethics has been adopted by the Board of Directors of Park to demonstrate to the public and the Company's various constituents the importance that Park's Board of Directors and leaders place on ethical conduct. This Code of Ethics is intended to set forth the Company's expectations for the conduct of ethical business practices by the Company s directors, officers, associates, and agents to promote advance disclosure and review of potential conflicts of interest and similar matters, to protect and encourage the reporting of questionable behavior, to foster an atmosphere of self-awareness and prudent conduct and to discipline appropriately those who engage in improper conduct. This Code of Ethics is not presented to expand upon or change the ethical standards of the Company s directors, officers, associates, and agents. It is not intended to be all-inclusive, and cannot address every situation that might arise. Rather its purpose is to reduce to writing many of the patterns of conduct that are expected at the Company. It represents a set of minimum standards. It is important to remember that our good reputation emerges from many actions and can be jeopardized by one. 
 
 You are required to read this Code of Ethics carefully. Should it be unclear, please seek guidance from the Head of Corporate Services, the Chief Auditor of Park, Park s Chairman of the Board Chairman ), Park s Chief Executive Officer CEO or Park s President for in matters such as these, appearance is often as important as reality. It is not only the letter but the spirit of the commitment that is important. 
 
 On an annual basis, directors and officers of the Company must re-read this Code of Ethics and provide written verification of such review by signing an appropriate acknowledgment form. New associates of the Company must read this Code of Ethics and sign the appropriate acknowledgment form during their orientation meeting. On an annual basis, all associates of the Company must re-read this Code of Ethics and provide written verification of such review by signing an appropriate acknowledgment form. 
 
 If any associate wishes to anonymously report violations of this Code of Ethics, the Company has established the PRK Improvement Line, a confidential hotline which can be accessed at 1-800-418-6423, extension 775. In addition to reporting via telephone, associates may report online via www.securityvoice.com reports . Both the telephone and online reporting methods are confidential, and an outside company is used to transmit the information to appropriate Park management. (In some cases, the Chair of the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors of Park (the Audit Committee and or the full Park Audit Committee may receive such information directly.) However, any e-mail that originates from a Company e-mail address (e.g., an associate s work e-mail) could be tracked later through computer system documentation, so for maximum confidentiality, it is suggested that a personal home computer be used for the online method of reporting. 
 
 Confidential Information 
 Perhaps the most crucial area of concern for bankers and regulatory authorities is the use and or abuse of customers confidential information. Financial institutions by their very nature are privy to customers' business plans, forecasts, decisions, and problems. Bankers receive this information as an aid to providing more efficient, more knowledgeable service and for no other reason. 
 
 The use of customers confidential information for one's own, or another s, personal benefit constitutes an abuse which subjects an individual and the financial institution to statutory penalties. 
 
 Financial institutions also possess considerable information which, though not necessarily confidential by nature, must nonetheless be treated confidentially if the right of privacy of customers and staff is to be safeguarded. 
 
 Therefore, confidential information with respect to the Company s customers and suppliers acquired by an officer, director, associate, or agent of the Company, through his her association with the Company, is considered to be privileged and must be held in the strictest confidence. It is to be used solely for the intended Company and or customer purposes and not as a basis for personal gain by the officer, director, associate, or agent. It must also be protected from misuse that could result in identity theft. In no case shall such information be transmitted to or accessed by (1) persons outside the Company, including 
 2 

family members or other acquaintances, or (2) any officers, directors, associates, or agents of the Company who do not have a legitimate business need to know such information in discharging their respective duties. It is recognized that there may be a need to discuss confidential information with outside legal counsel, bank regulatory agencies or others, but this should be done only if there is a legitimate business or legal need to do so. 
 
 Computers and other technological devices enable access to information with greater ease and thus great care is to be taken in following security measures and processes that limit access to confidential or sensitive information involving a customer and or the Company. Any unauthorized access, update or use of the Company s systems or data is strictly prohibited. Each director, officer, associate, and agent of the Company entrusted with access to the Company s data systems, or authorized to update such data systems, is responsible for protecting the integrity of such data systems, including the data contained therein, and may only divulge information related to such data systems or data to those having a legitimate business need for access to the relevant data systems or data, and agree to the restrictions on confidential information provided in this section of this Code of Ethics. Information relating to a customer or the Company is only to be accessed by an officer, associate, or agent of the Company if necessary to perform his her job and without conflict of interest. In addition, confidential information is to be protected from access by others through consistent use of user names and passwords, and protection of such user names and passwords from use by others inside and outside of the Company. 
 
 Confidential information should not be removed from the Company s premises unless the associate has a business reason to do so and approval from their supervisor. Confidential information should never be mailed to your own personal e-mail address for any reason, including viewing or printing at home. 
 
 The restrictions in this section of this Code of Ethics shall also apply to the reports and statements prepared for use in the Company s business and not generally released. The disclosure of material, non-public information to others can lead to significant legal consequences, fines, and punishment as well as termination of employment. Material, non-public information means, generally, any inside information pertaining to the Company or the Company s customers or suppliers that has not been made public and that a reasonable investor would consider important in making an investment decision (i.e., deciding to buy, hold or sell any security). Only specifically authorized representatives of the Company may discuss any aspect of the Company s business with the news media or the investment community. Officers, directors, associates, and agents of the Company may not under any circumstances provide information or discuss matters involving the Company with the news media or investment community even if contacted directly by a media organization or investor. All such contact or inquiries must be referred to Park s Chairman, Park s CEO and or Park s President, or their respective designee(s). 
 
 The provisions of this Code of Ethics apply to any social, mobile, digital or other communication channel in which an affiliation or connection with Park or any of its subsidiaries (including the divisions of PNB) has been made or indicated. By example, this means that this Code of Ethics applies to Facebook, Instagram, LinkedIn, Twitter or YouTube accounts, blogs and related links where associates have referenced Park or any of Park s subsidiaries (including the divisions of PNB) as an employer or indicated an affiliation with Park or any of Park s subsidiaries (including the divisions of PNB). See also the Acceptable Use Policy for additional guidance on this topic. 
 
 Privacy Principles 
 The Company is committed to protecting customer privacy and the confidentiality of all customer information. The Company follows the American Bankers Association s Principles of Banking , as described below 
 
 1. Recognition of a Customer s Expectation of Privacy The Company will recognize and respect the privacy expectations of our customers and explain principles of financial privacy to our customers in an appropriate fashion. 

3 

2. Collection, Retention and Use of Customer Information 
 The Company will collect, retain, and use information about individual customers only where we reasonably believe it would be useful (and allowed by law) to administer our business and to provide products, services and other opportunities to our customers. 
 
 3. Maintenance of Accurate Information 
 The Company will maintain procedures so that our customers financial information is accurate, current and complete in accordance with reasonable commercial standards. We will also respond to requests to correct inaccurate information in a timely manner. 
 
 4. Limiting Associate Access to Information 
 The Company will take reasonable steps to limit access by our associates to personally identifiable information to those with a business reason for knowing such information. We will continue to educate our associates so that they will understand the importance of confidentiality and customer privacy. We will also take appropriate disciplinary measures to enforce associate privacy responsibilities. 
 
 5. Protection of Information via Established Security Procedures 
 The Company will maintain appropriate security standards and procedures regarding unauthorized access to customer information. 
 
 6. Restrictions on the Disclosure of Account Information 
 The Company will not reveal specific information about customer accounts or other personally identifiable data to unaffiliated third parties for their independent use, except for the exchange of information with reputable information reporting agencies to maximize the accuracy and security of such information in the performance of bona fide corporate due diligence, unless (1) the information is provided to help complete a customer-initiated transaction (2) the customer requests such disclosure (3) the disclosure is required or allowed by any applicable law, rule or regulation (i.e., subpoena, investigation of fraudulent activity, etc.) or (4) the customer has been informed about the possibility of such disclosure for marketing or similar purposes through a prior communication and is given the opportunity to decline (i.e., opt out ). 
 
 7. Maintaining Customer Privacy in Business Relationships with Third Parties 
 If personally identifiable customer information is provided to a third party, the Company will insist that the third party adhere to Privacy Principles as comprehensive and strict as those of the Company that provide for keeping such information confidential. 
 
 8. Disclosure of Privacy Principles to Customers 
 The Company will devise methods of providing our customers with an understanding of our privacy policies. 
 
 Company Assets and Intellectual Property 
 Company-owned assets (including but not limited to documents, electronic files, reports, and records) and intellectual property (including but not limited to inventions, business ideas, unique products, methodologies, and business strategies) are only to be used for corporate purposes and not for personal use or gain. All officers, directors, associates, and agents are required to safeguard the Company s property. 
 
 Conflicts of Interest 
 As directors, officers, associates, and agents within a financial services organization, we assume a duty to our communities, our customers and our shareholders. Such duty is to act in all matters in a manner that will merit public trust and confidence. This duty extends to all activities -- both personal and professional. Each person associated with the Company is expected to direct his her personal conduct in a manner which will bring credit to the Company and to avoid any action which would discredit the Company. 
 
 4 

In the exercise of privileges and authority arising from employment or other association with the Company, two fundamental principles apply directors, officers, associates, and agents, when acting for, on behalf of, or in the name of the Company, will place the interests of the Company ahead of their own private interests, and directors, officers, associates, and agents have a duty to make full disclosure of any situation in which their own private interests create a conflict or potential conflict with those of the Company. 
 
 Conflicts of interest occur when business judgments or decisions may be influenced by personal interests not shared by the organization as a whole. A conflict situation may, for example, arise when an individual, or a member of the individual s family, has an interest in a transaction to which the Company is a party, competes with the Company or takes advantage of an opportunity that belongs to the Company. 
 
 When a conflict of interest or potential conflict of interest arises, an officer, director, associate, or agent has a duty to place the Company's interests above his her own personal interests. It is essential in those instances where a business decision or practice by an officer, director, associate, or agent of the Company may appear to have been made to advance a personal interest, that the decision be approved by the independent and disinterested officers or directors of the Company. Thus, if an associate faces a potential conflict of interest, the associate must report the potential conflict of interest to the President of the applicable division of PNB or a member of the Park Council for his her review and approval. Any action or transaction in which the personal interest of an officer, director, associate, or agent of the Company may be in conflict with the interests of the Company must be promptly reported to the Chair of the Park Audit Committee or through the PRK Improvement Line (see page 2 ). The Park Audit Committee shall review and oversee all actions and transactions which involve the personal interest of an associate, officer, agent or director and shall have the right to determine in advance that any such action or transaction does not constitute a conflict of interest in violation of this Code of Ethics. 
 
 For example, it is considered a conflict of interest, which could result in termination of employment, if an associate of the Company makes a loan, prepares and or processes any type of transaction (e.g., opens an account, completes a loan application, or processes withdrawals, deposits, check cashing or payments), or waives fees and or service charges for his her own personal loans, accounts, or transactions, or those of family members or intimate partners, close friends and persons living in the same household (roommate, boyfriend, girlfriend, etc.) or otherwise influences another associate to prepare or process a transaction for which there is no direct request from the customer. 
 The use of the Company s internal systems to view customer account information without a business need, or viewing accounts of family members, close friends or intimate partners on which the associate is not an owner signer, is prohibited, even if done at the request of the account owner. The associate should direct the inquiry to another associate or supervisor. 
 Viewing account information as part of a transaction in which the associate is personally involved (such as viewing loan information when party to the transaction personally) is prohibited. 
 The use of the Company s internal systems cannot be used to transact personal business, such as ordering a debit card or changing an address. In those situations, the associate becomes a customer and must have another associate or supervisor complete the request, even though such associate may normally have authority and access under such associate s normal job responsibilities. 
 The Company encourages associates to use online banking, mobile banking, and Retail Branch Banking available to the Company s customers for associates respective personal banking business needs. 
 It is each associate s responsibility to exercise prudence and good judgment when making loans or processing transactions to or for anyone whose personal relationship with the associate may influence his her judgment. 
 
 This policy is not meant to discourage family members or intimate partners, close friends and or persons living in the same household of associates from banking with our Company. They should be afforded the same excellent service as other customers. 
 Associates may not fill in a permanent password for a customer in the process of opening an account or log in on behalf of the customer associates must ensure that such passwords are known to the customer only. Associates may not obtain cash on behalf of a customer without the customer being physically 
 5 

present. Dual control must be followed. Refer to the security standards for safekeeping currency for more details. 
 
 Additional direction on this subject is provided in the Conflicts of Interest booklet within the Asset Management series of the Comptroller s Handbook (Office of the Comptroller of the Currency, January 2015). 
 
 Outside Activities 
 No outside activity may interfere or conflict with the interest of the Company. Acceptance of outside employment, election to directorships of other for-profit enterprises, representation of customers in their dealings with the Company and participation in the affairs of all outside organizations carry possibilities of conflict of interest. No associate of the Company may serve as an officer or director (or in a similar capacity) of any for-profit enterprise without obtaining written approval in advance from Park s Chairman, Park s CEO and or Park s President or the President of the applicable division of PNB. 
 
 Associates of the Company should ask themselves the following questions when considering a job outside the Company Is there a conflict of interest Will it adversely affect the Company Will the job interfere with the time and attention that must be devoted to my job duties, responsibilities, or other obligations at the Company Will Company property or equipment or use of proprietary information (such as mailing lists, computer systems, etc.) be involved If the answer to any of these questions is yes, the second job cannot be accepted. Regardless of whether a conflict of interest exists, any outside employment must be communicated to the associate s supervisor. 
 
 Service with constructive nonprofit, community and charitable organizations and participation in civic affairs are strongly encouraged. There are cases, however, when such organizations may have business relationships with the Company or one of the divisions of PNB which involve the handling of confidential information, such that an associate s service with or participation in such organization might result in a conflict of interest. Associates must be sensitive to such potential conflicts of interest. In addition, as an officer or board member of a nonprofit, community or charitable organization, an associate of the Company is not to participate in any deliberations, decisions or votes involving the Company. 
 
 Fiduciary 
 No associate of the Company shall accept appointment of or continue to act as a fiduciary or co-fiduciary in the case of any trust, estate, agency, guardianship or conservatorship of an estate or custodianship, or act as an investment counselor or estate appraiser (other than in the course of employment with the Company) unless the creator of the relationship or the ward in the case of a guardianship or conservatorship is a member of the associate s family or a close personal friend. This provision can be waived, on a case-by-case basis, by express prior written approval of Park s Chairman, Park s CEO and or Park s President or the President of the applicable division of PNB. 
 
 In the event that an associate is serving as a fiduciary or co-fiduciary of any trust, estate, agency, guardianship or conservatorship of a customer of the Company in compliance with this Code of Ethics, such associate may not be assigned to service such account and must consider and adhere to the conflict of interest provisions of this Code of Ethics. 
 
 Gifts, Fees, Gratuities, and Other Payments from Customers, Suppliers or Third Parties 
 Federal law (including the Bank Bribery Amendments Act of 1985) prohibits officers, directors, associates, and agents of the Company from (1) soliciting for themselves or for a third party (other than the applicable division of PNB) anything of value from anyone in return for any business, service or confidential information of the Park subsidiary with which they are associated, and (2) accepting anything of value (other than a bona fide salary, wages, fees or other compensation paid, or expenses paid or reimbursed, in the usual course of business as provided in 18 U.S.C. 215(c)) from anyone in connection with the business of the applicable division of PNB with which they are associated, either before or after a transaction is discussed or consummated. 
 
 6 

18 U.S.C. 215 is intended to prevent a pay-off to officers, directors, associates, or agents of a Park subsidiary as a quid pro quo either to induce a particular transaction or as a gratuity in support of a particular transaction. Thus, where a benefit is given or received as a result of a banking transaction, the statute may be violated. However, it is not intended to proscribe the receipt of gratuities or favors of nominal value when it is clear from the circumstances that (1) a customer is not trying to exert any influence over or reward the officer, director, associate, or agent of the Park subsidiary in connection with a transaction and (2) the gratuity or favor is, in fact, unsolicited. 
 
 In addition, officers, directors, associates, and agents may not accept anything of value (e.g., payments, gifts, tangible items or special privileges) in exchange for referrals or other recommendations of business, if such acceptance would be in violation of any applicable law, rule or regulation (including, without limitation, the Real Estate Settlement Procedures Act). 
 
 Some of our business acquaintances customarily distribute small gifts during the holidays and on other occasions. In the event of receipt of such a gift or an entertainment opportunity, each director, officer, associate, and agent (when acting for, on behalf of or in the name of the Company) must conscientiously decide whether or not acceptance would give rise to a feeling of obligation, or could lead to misinterpretation. Gifts, benefits, or unusual hospitality that might tend to influence one in the performance of his her duty, or to create the appearance of impropriety or undue influence, must not be accepted. Such gifts, benefits or unusual hospitality do not include gifts of nominal value, or gifts which serve as general advertising for the donor, or discounts or special concessions available to all associates, or hospitality which is casual and limited to a normal situation. As a further guide to what may or may not be acceptable, associates should ask themselves whether (1) in the judgment of business associates or disinterested parties, such acceptance might seem to impair their ability to act at all times solely in the best interests of the Company, (2) the gift could give the appearance of being solicited or requested and (3) the gift is intended to, or appears to be intended to, influence or reward a business decision or transaction involving the Company. 
 
 If an officer, director, or agent receives a personal benefit that is not clearly reasonable and business-related, he she must report it to the Park Audit Committee. If an associate receives a personal benefit that is not clearly reasonable and business-related, he she must report it to Park s Chairman, Park s CEO and or Park s President or the President of the applicable division of PNB with which the individual is associated. The Park Audit Committee, Park s Chairman, Park s CEO and or Park s President or the President of the applicable division of PNB, as the case may be, shall have the right to determine in advance that any such personal benefit does not constitute a conflict of interest in violation of this Code of Ethics and or to require that such personal benefit be returned to the provider and or reimbursed by the Company. 
 
 Giving Gifts 
 While giving gifts to customers or other officers, directors, associates, or agents of the Company may be warranted by legitimate business reasons in certain circumstances, such gifts are to be reasonable and customary for such circumstances and are not to be in the form of cash. Officers, directors, associates, and agents of the Company are never to give a gift with the intent to influence a business decision. In addition, officers, directors, associates, and agents are never to give anything of value (e.g., payments, gifts, tangible items or special privileges) in exchange for the referrals or other recommendations of business, if such gift would be in violation of any applicable law, rule or regulation (including, without limitation, the Real Estate Settlement Procedures Act). The giving of anything of value to federal, state, local or foreign government officials or employees is to be approved by Park s Chairman, Park s CEO and or Park s President. 
 
 Dealing Fairly With Customers, Suppliers, and Other Associates 
 No officer, director, associate, or agent of the Company may take unfair advantage of anyone through manipulation, concealment, abuse of privileged information, misrepresentation of material facts or any other unfair dealing practice. Officers, directors, associates, and agents of the Company may not offer or make payments of any kind, whether of money, services or property, to any domestic or foreign public official or provide personal benefits that are not clearly reasonable and business-related to any associate, 
 7 

or representative of any organization seeking to or doing business with the Company. If there is any question as to whether any such personal benefit is clearly reasonable and business-related, an officer, director, associate or agent must seek pre-approval from the Park Audit Committee, Park s Chairman, Park s CEO and or Park s President or the President of the applicable division of PNB. 
 
 Except for pricing and packaging of services established by PNB, associates may not extend credit, lease or sell property, provide services or base interest rates or prices on the condition that a customer (1) obtain credit, property, products or services from PNB, (2) provide credit, property, products or services to PNB or (3) avoid obtaining any credit, property, products or services from a competitor of PNB. 
 
 All Company associates are required to understand and execute on their responsibility to report customer complaints and inquiries by following Park s Voice of the Customer program, policies and procedures for logging complaints in the central database. This system is designed to monitor and track complaints to resolution. Customer complaints are taken seriously and corrective action will be taken to protect both the Company and customers from potential reputational and financial harm, thereby maintaining public confidence and reducing compliance risk. 
 
 Competition 
 The Company believes that open and honest competition in the marketplace is healthy and must always be positive, not negative. Any collusion with competitors about the pricing of financial services, interest rates or otherwise engaging in any activity that has the effect, directly or indirectly, of lessening competition, is not permitted. 
 
 Associates must avoid portraying competitors of the Company, or the Company itself, in a negative or adverse way. Associates have a duty to portray the Company in the best possible light when communicating with clients, friends, neighbors and any current or potential clients. 
 
 Political Activities 
 Neither Park nor any of its subsidiaries will make any contribution or expenditure, either directly or indirectly, to, or for the benefit of, use of, in support of, or in opposition to, any political party, candidate, political committee, or for any non-public issue purpose. The Company will not reimburse any person for any such contribution or expenditure. This policy relates to the use of Company funds only, and in no way is intended to discourage officers, directors, associates, and or agents from making personal contributions to individual candidates, political parties, or political action committees. 
 
 It is contrary to this Code of Ethics to permit the payment of funds of any subsidiary of Park, or use of Company property, either directly or indirectly, to secure favored business treatment for the applicable subsidiary. In addition, Company property or funds cannot be used to support a campaign for public office. This includes the use of Company personnel and equipment such as telephones, copy machines, postage, etc. 
 
 The Company may make political loans in connection with campaigns provided that such loans are made (1) in accordance with applicable banking laws, rules and regulations (2) in the ordinary course of business (3) in accordance with the Company s internal loan policies and (4) in conformity with all applicable federal, state and local laws, rules and regulations. 
 
 Directors, officers, associates, and agents of the Company may engage in political activity (serving, for example, as a campaign treasurer). Associates must inform the persons to whom they report and be very careful not to allow their activity to interfere with their work-related responsibilities. This means such activity would ordinarily be confined to the evenings and weekends and only occasionally and exceptionally would it be engaged in during business hours. When engaging in personal political activities, any director, officer, associate, or agent of the Company must ensure that such person represents himself herself as an individual and does not appear to represent the Company in any way. 
 
 8 

Any associate of the Company who is considering becoming a candidate for any elected public office, engaging in outside employment under any governmental unit, or being appointed to any governmental position must inform and obtain prior approval from Park s Chairman, Park s CEO and or Park s President, or the President of the applicable division of PNB. 
 
 Dishonesty and Breach of Trust 
 An officer, director, associate, or agent shall not use his her position at the Company to commit an act that would be considered illegal (e.g. theft, falsifying records, forgery, check kiting, etc.). 
 All officers, directors, associates, and agents must conduct themselves with honesty and integrity at all times. Suspicious activities must be reported to the Internal Audit Department of Park or Human Resources Department of PNB, or through the confidential PRK Improvement Line (see page 2 .) Upon receipt of such report, the PRK Investigation Team, comprised of Internal Audit, Fraud and Security, and Human Resources officers, will conduct an investigation. All officers, directors, associates, and agents are to cooperate with any investigation. Withholding information, lying to investigators, or impeding an investigation in any way, will be cause for immediate termination of employment. All legal violations will be referred to the appropriate police agency for prosecution. 
 
 Compliance with Applicable Laws, Rules and Regulations 
 The Company expects that each and every officer, director, associate, and agent of the Company will comply with all applicable federal, state, local and foreign laws, rules and regulations governing the Company's business, including insider trading laws. If a law conflicts with this Code of Ethics, comply with the law. If you are unsure, ask. In addition, all officers, directors, associates, and agents are required to respond honestly and candidly when dealing with the Company s independent auditors and internal auditors, examiners, regulators and legal counsel. 
 
 To protect Park and its subsidiaries (including the divisions of PNB) and combat money laundering, terrorist financing or other criminal activity, we must comply with the Bank Secrecy Act (BSA) and Anti-Money Laundering (AML) laws, rules, regulations and guidance. To do so, associates must be able to identify and escalate unusual or suspicious transactions or situations. Associates must exercise good judgment and or seek guidance related to handling unusual or suspicious activities and report the same through your supervisor and senior leader, the PRK Improvement Line, Park s Chairman, Park s CEO, Park s President, and or the President of the applicable division of PNB. 
 
 While these principles are seemingly self-explanatory, at times the application of any particular law, rule or regulation to the Company may not be perfectly clear. Where an associate is unsure or has any question as to the application to the Company of any law, rule or regulation, it is expected that the associate will seek appropriate guidance from the President of the applicable division of PNB. Officers, directors, and agents of the Company should seek guidance from the President of the applicable division of PNB. If outside legal counsel needs to be considered, the Legal Risk Management Policy located on Park Place should be consulted, along with Park s Chief Risk Officer and appropriate business line leader for the area in question. The Park Audit Committee has established a process for the confidential reporting of items, if an acceptable response is not received. Refer to page 2 for information on the PRK Improvement Line. In addition, the Park Audit Committee is specifically empowered to engage non-Company legal counsel if or when it believes such engagement is prudent. 
 
 Health and Safety 
 Associates are our most valuable resource and their health and safety are, therefore, serious concerns. Each associate has responsibility for maintaining a safe and healthy workplace for all associates by following safety and health rules, prompt reporting of accidents, injuries and unsafe equipment, practices or conditions. 
 
 In order to prevent accidents and injuries as well as minimize the impact of any such events, each associate should immediately notify his her supervisor if the associate is injured or becomes ill potentially as a result of his her work, or becomes aware of any unsafe working conditions. Reporting forms are posted electronically and may also be obtained from a supervisor or the Human Resources Department of PNB. 
 9 

The Company will not tolerate the use of drugs or alcohol that could imperil the health and well-being of the Company s associates or its reputation. Associates should not engage in situations on behalf of the Company when the consumption of drugs or alcohol causes them to be over the legal limit or impaired in a manner that may reflect poorly on the Company s reputation. This includes transporting associates or customers in Company-owned or personal vehicles while under the influence of drugs or alcohol. The Company will also not tolerate the abuse of legally-prescribed controlled substances by its associates . 
 Workplace violence has become a growing problem in our society. For the purpose of addressing this concern, the Company defines workplace violence as any act perceived as threatening, menacing or harmful to an individual, group of individuals, or the Company itself. 
 
 The Company does not tolerate violence, or the threat of violence, in the workplace. Violence, or the threat of violence, by or against any associate of the Company, any visitor or any customer is unacceptable and contrary to this policy. Threats include any words or actions that either create a perception that there may be intent to harm any person or property or actually bring about harm. If an associate believes a violation of this policy has occurred, he she should report it at once to their supervisor, Fraud and Security, and or Human Resources officers. 
 
 Dealing with Auditors, Examiners, Regulators and Legal Counsel 
 All officers, directors, associates, and agents must respond and deal honestly, factually and candidly with the Company s independent auditors and internal auditors, examiners, regulators and legal counsel. 
 
 It is of critical importance that Park s filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, banking regulators and other regulatory agencies and authorities, as well as our other public communications be complete, fair, accurate, timely, understandable and transparent. Depending on your position with the Company, you may be called upon to provide necessary information to assure that Park s filings and public reports meet these standards. 
 
 In addition, the Company often receives confidential information from the Company s regulators (for example, examination reports prepared by the Federal Reserve, the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency or the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau). This confidential supervisory information is highly restricted, must be safeguarded and may only be shared with colleagues on a strict need to know basis. Confidential supervisory information should never be removed from the Company s premises and the Company s legal counsel must be consulted before any confidential supervisory information can be shared outside of the Company. 
 
 Maintaining Accurate Records 
 The Company's books, records and accounts shall accurately and fairly reflect the transactions of the Company in reasonable detail and in accordance with the Company s accounting practices and policies. 
 
 All officers, directors, associates, and agents must comply with all internal control procedures established by the Company for the safeguarding of assets and proper reporting and disclosure of financial information. 
 
 In business records and other communications, including any e-mails and internal memos and reports, officers, directors, associates, and agents of the Company are prohibited from falsifying information and are to avoid exaggerations, guesswork or other inappropriate characterizations that may be misinterpreted by others. All records are to be retained and destroyed in accordance with the Company s document retention policies and procedures. In the event that the disclosure of documents, records or other information is to be compelled in connection with any litigation or governmental investigation, an officer, director, associate, or agent of the Company responsible for such documents, records or other information is to first seek guidance from the Company s legal counsel. 
 
 Personal Investments 
 In making personal investments, all officers, directors, associates, and agents shall be guided by a keen awareness of potential conflict. Generally speaking, one's own investments should not be such as to 
 10 

influence one s judgment or action in the conduct of the Company's business or to profit from security transactions made for the Company s customers. 
 
 An officer, director, associate, or agent may not enter into a security transaction for his her own account under conditions where material, non-public information or any information not generally available to the public is (1) made available to the Company on a confidential basis or for corporate purposes and (2) used as a basis for the individual's action nor may the individual disclose such information to any unauthorized person. The Company has a comprehensive Insider Trading Policy which is applicable to all officers, directors, and associates of the Company as well as to each of their family members. The Company expects that every officer, director, and associate will comply, and will cause their family members to comply, with every aspect of the Insider Trading Policy. 
 
 Associates responsible for a relationship with a particular client may not invest in the equity of such client or any subsidiary or affiliate thereof, except that associates may invest in publicly-traded stock provided that (1) such stock is listed on a national or regional stock exchange (2) the associate s ownership in the relevant entity (together with any interest of his her family members) does not exceed 1 of the outstanding capital stock of such entity and (3) the associate may not request or accept allocation of stock in a new issue from any dealer or other person if the stock is in an entity that has a relationship (other than a deposit relationship) with the Company. 
 
 In addition, associates with power or authority over purchasing goods and or services from a vendor or supplier of the Company must avoid investments in the equity of such supplier or vendor, except for publicly-traded stock in compliance with clauses (1) through (3) addressed in the immediately preceding paragraph. 
 
 Personal Borrowing 
 Officers subject to Regulation O, as well as associates and other officers of the Company may borrow from PNB, the divisions of PNB or other financial institutions, provided all transactions are at arm's-length, at market prices, and control of the lending situation is clearly in the hands of the lender. An associate may not have lending authority over an account involving the associate, his her family members or any related interests. Associates are not permitted to borrow from customers or suppliers of the Company. This prohibition does not preclude the Company from entering into a lending relationship with an individual related to the associate by blood or marriage. Only officers and directors subject to Regulation O must report to the Board of Directors of PNB. 
 
 It is the policy of the Company that credit standards will be consistent for all loan applications and existing clients regardless of race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex, disability, familial status, marital status, military status, ethnicity, sexual orientation, gender identity or any other legally protected status, provided the applicant meets all other relevant criteria and has the capacity to enter into a binding contract. 
 
 You must exhibit the highest caliber of ethical behavior and fiscal responsibility in your own banking relationship with the Company. Moreover, you are expected to abide by your financial obligations to the Company and to any financial institution from which you borrow. This includes ensuring your payments are made on time, sufficient funds are available in the account(s) from which you are intending to withdraw the funds, and that your accounts remain in good standing at all times. Although the Company understands that there may be extraordinary circumstances from time to time that prevent you from meeting these obligations, it is expected that you take full responsibility for proactively communicating any issues to the Company so that appropriate arrangements can be made to address the problem at hand. 
 
 Employment of Relatives 
 Employment of family members of current junior bank officers (defined as Assistant Vice President, Banking Officer and Administrative Officer) and family members of all non-officer associates of the Company is permitted. Employment of family members of senior officers (defined as Vice President and above) may be approved on a case-by-case basis by Park s Chairman, Park s CEO and or Park s President, but such approval will still preclude the family members from working within the same 
 11 

department and or having a reporting relationship. (See third and fourth paragraphs below for specific guidance about children of senior officers.) 
 
 Occasionally, the Company may employ both spouses, although they will be prohibited from working in the same department or branch office and may not have a reporting relationship. Supervisors managers leaders at any level may not hire, promote or directly supervise a family member or common law partner. 
 
 The children of senior officers (Vice President and above) and directors of the Company may be employed as temporary help during their student years in any division of PNB or other subsidiary of the Company, including that of the senior officer or director parent, but they are not permitted to report directly to the senior officer parent. 
 
 Children of senior officers and directors of the Company are only permitted to have permanent employment in a separate PNB division or Park subsidiary other than that of the senior officer or director parent. Additionally, the position held by children of senior officers cannot have a reporting relationship to the senior officer parent at another PNB division. Exceptions may be made by the President of the applicable division of PNB with which the senior officer or director parent is associated and one of Park s Chairman, Park s CEO and or Park s President. 
 
 Giving Advice to Clients or Customers 
 Clients or customers may occasionally request an opinion on legal or tax transactions. The Company cannot practice law or give legal or tax advice. Accordingly, associates must take care in discussing such transactions so as not to give the impression or allow the client or customer to interpret such discussions as providing legal or tax advice. 
 
 Assistance in Meeting the Company's Accounting, Financial Reporting and Disclosure Obligations 
 In compliance with the rules and regulations of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission and NYSE American, the Company is required to issue financial statements in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles and then make public disclosures regarding certain aspects of the Company s business. It is expected that all officers, directors, associates, and agents of the Company will keep honest, accurate and complete books, records and accounts that enable the Company to meet the Company s accounting and financial reporting obligations. It is expected that any officer, director, associate, or agent of the Company involved in preparing the Company's disclosures, or any associate or officer asked to provide information relevant to such disclosure, will work to ensure that the Company s public reports and communications are fair, accurate, certifiable, complete, objective, relevant, timely, and understandable. 
 
 Any associate or officer who, in good faith, believes that the Company's accounting method is inappropriate or not in compliance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles, or has concerns about any questionable accounting or auditing matter or any other accounting, internal accounting control or auditing matter, must report this finding directly to Park's Chief Financial Officer or alternatively to the Chief Auditor of Park and, if unsatisfied with the response, directly to the Park Audit Committee. The Park Audit Committee has established a procedure for such reports that ensures the confidentiality of the reporting person. Refer to page 2 for information on the PRK Improvement Line. 
 
 In addition, any officer or associate who becomes aware of a material event or fact involving the Company that has not been previously disclosed publicly by the Company must immediately report such material event or fact to Park's Chairman, Park s CEO, Park s President, Park s Chief Financial Officer, or the President of the applicable division of PNB. 
 
 Post-Employment Activities 
 At the time of separation of employment or other termination of service, departing officers, directors, associates, and agents will be required to return all Company property in their possession or control, 
 12 

including but not limited to electronic or written Company documents, electronic files, reports and records containing any Company or non-public information, along with all copies and derivations summaries thereof. A departed officer, director, associate, or agent remains obligated by law not to disclose to any third party or use for his her own purposes any confidential or proprietary information to which the officer, director, associate, or agent had access or became aware while employed by or associated with the Company, including confidential information of the Company and of those persons and organizations that have engaged in business with the Company. A departed officer, director, associate, or agent is also expected not to disparage the Company or engage in activity that damages the Company s reputation or business, since such activity may also be unlawful. 
 
 Violations of Policies 
 There are many other policies that are very important to the Company and its operations. Nothing herein shall relieve any officer, director, associate, or agent of the Company from complying with all other applicable Company policies. 
 
 Violations of any of the Company's Board-approved policies may be cause for disciplinary action, including termination of employment or service. 
 
 The Company expects full compliance with this Code of Ethics. In that regard, associates are encouraged to report any violation of this Code of Ethics to their supervisor, the Internal Audit Department of Park, the Human Resources Department of PNB, or to the President of their applicable division of PNB. Officers and directors must report any violation of this Code of Ethics to the Park Audit Committee. Officers, directors, associates, and agents may also report suspected violations of this Code of Ethics to a senior officer, the Human Resources Department of PNB, the Internal Audit Department of Park, or the PRK Improvement Line. The Company will not permit any retaliation against an officer, director, associate, or agent who properly reports (to the appropriate personnel) a matter that he or she believes, in good faith, to be a violation of this Code of Ethics or anyone who participates in any investigation of any such violation. Reports to the Park Audit Committee may be made on a confidential basis. Any officer, director, associate, or agent who is found to have violated this Code of Ethics may be subject to discipline, including termination of employment or service. 
 
 The Park Audit Committee shall investigate any alleged violation of this Code of Ethics by any of the Company's officers, directors, associates, or agents. In the event that the Park Audit Committee determines that a violation of this Code of Ethics has occurred, the Park Audit Committee shall be authorized to take any action it deems appropriate. If the violation involves an executive officer or director of Park, the Park Audit Committee shall notify Park's Board of Directors and Park's Board of Directors shall take such action as it deems appropriate. In the event that Park's Board of Directors recognizes that a violation by an executive officer or a director of Park has occurred but elects not to take any remedial or other action against the offending executive officer or director, Park shall disclose the facts and circumstances of the election by Park s Board of Directors to waive the violation of this Code of Ethics by posting the same on Park's web site or by any other such means as may be required under applicable laws, rules and regulations or the requirements of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission or NYSE American. 
 
 Also, nothing in this Code of Ethics affects the general policy of the Company that employment is at will and can be terminated by the Company or the associate at any time and for any or no reason. 
 
 13 

ASSOCIATE'S ACKNOWLEDGMENT OF PARK NATIONAL CORPORATION CODE OF BUSINESS CONDUCT AND ETHICS 
 
 The foregoing Code of Business Conduct and Ethics (the Code of Ethics will not answer or resolve every question you may have. If you are uncertain about what the right thing to do is, you are encouraged to seek the advice and guidance of your supervisor, your Human Resources representative or the President of the division of PNB with which you are associated. 
 
 YOU MAY ALWAYS DIRECTLY REPORT ANY MATTER WHICH YOU BELIEVE, IN GOOD FAITH, TO BE A VIOLATION OF THE FOREGOING CODE OF ETHICS TO PARK S CHAIRMAN OF THE BOARD, PARK S CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER, AND OR PARK S PRESIDENT, OR TO THE AUDIT COMMITTEE OF PARK'S BOARD OF DIRECTORS ON A CONFIDENTIAL BASIS. YOU MAY ALSO CONTACT THE PRK IMPROVEMENT LINE AT 1-800-418-6423 (Ext. 775) OR VIA THE WEBSITE AT www.securityvoice.com reports . 

Associates acknowledge understanding of the Code of Ethics electronically, and agree to be bound by the terms of the Code of Ethics. Through their acknowledgement, they understand they may be subject to disciplinary action, including separation of employment or service, termination of business relationship, and prosecution under applicable law for violating any of the provisions of the Code of Ethics. 

14 

DIRECTOR'S ACKNOWLEDGMENT OF PARK NATIONAL CORPORATION CODE OF BUSINESS CONDUCT AND ETHICS 
 
 The foregoing Code of Business Conduct and Ethics (the Code of Ethics will not answer or resolve every question you may have. If you are uncertain about what the right thing to do is, you are encouraged to seek the advice and guidance of outside legal counsel to Park National Corporation Park or other legal counsel designated by the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors of Park. 
 
 YOU MAY ALWAYS DIRECTLY REPORT ANY MATTER WHICH YOU BELIEVE, IN GOOD FAITH, TO BE A VIOLATION OF THE FOREGOING CODE OF ETHICS TO THE AUDIT COMMITTEE OF PARK S BOARD OF DIRECTORS OR THE FULL BOARD OF DIRECTORS OF PARK. 

I have read and understand the foregoing Code of Ethics, have been given a copy to retain for my reference, and agree to be bound by its terms. I understand I can be subject to discipline, removal for cause as a member of the Board of Directors Advisory Board on which I serve and prosecution under applicable law for violating any of the provisions of the Code of Ethics. 

Print Name Last 4 digits of Social Security Number Signature Date 

15 

</EX-14>

<EX-21>
 8
 prk-ex21x20221231x10k.htm
 EX-21

Document 

Exhibit 21 

SUBSIDIARIES OF PARK NATIONAL CORPORATION 
 Name of Subsidiary 
 Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Formation The Park National Bank PNB United States (federally-chartered national banking association) Park Investments, Inc. (NOTE is a wholly-owned subsidiary of PNB) Delaware Scope Leasing, Inc. (NOTE is a wholly-owned subsidiary of PNB) Also does business under Scope Aircraft Finance Ohio Park ABQ, LLC (NOTE PNB is sole member) Ohio River Park Properties, LLC (NOTE PNB is sole member) Ohio X Holdings, LLC (NOTE PNB is sole member) North Carolina NSCB 2, LLC (NOTE PNB is sole member) South Carolina Guardian Financial Services Company Also does business under Guardian Finance Company Ohio 
 SE Property Holdings, LLC SEPH Ohio Vision-Park Properties, L.L.C. (NOTE SEPH is sole member) Florida Alabama Apartment Holdings, LLC (NOTE SEPH is sole member) Ohio 87A Orange Beach, LLC (NOTE SEPH is sole member) Ohio Morningside Holding, LLC (NOTE SEPH is sole member) Ohio Swindall Holdings, LLC (NOTE SEPH is sole member) Ohio Swindall Partnership Holdings, LLC (NOTE SEPH is sole member) Ohio Farm Holdings, LLC (NOTE SEPH is sole member) Ohio Marina Holdings Z, LLC (NOTE SEPH is sole member) Ohio Marina Holding WE, LLC (NOTE SEPH is sole member) Ohio Vision Bancshares Trust I (NOTE Park holds all of the common securities as successor Depositor floating rate preferred securities are held by institutional investors) Delaware 

</EX-21>

<EX-23>
 9
 prk-ex23x20221231x10k.htm
 EX-23

Document 

Exhibit 23 
 
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

We consent to the incorporation by reference in the following Registration Statements of Park National Corporation 
 
 Form S-8 No. 333-91178 
 Form S-8 No. 333-168334 
 Form S-8 No. 333-188323 
 Form S-8 No. 333-218006 
 Form S-8 No. 333-218009 
 Form S-8 No. 333-219173 
 Form S-4 No. 333-223559 
 Form S-4 No. 333-228145 
 
 of our report dated March 1, 2023, relating to the consolidated financial statements and effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Crowe LLP 
 Columbus, Ohio 
 March 1, 2023 

</EX-23>

<EX-24>
 10
 prk-ex24x20221231x10k.htm
 EX-24

Document 

Exhibit 24 
 
 POWER OF ATTORNEY 

Each director and or officer of Park National Corporation, an Ohio corporation (the Corporation ), whose signature appears below, hereby constitutes and appoints Matthew R. Miller and Brady T. Burt, and each of them, with full power of substitution and resubstitution, as each of the undersigned s attorney-in-facts and agents to execute and deliver, in the name and on behalf of the undersigned, in any and all capacities stated below, and cause to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, Washington, D.C. (the Commission ), the Corporation s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 (the 2022 Form 10- K ), including any and all exhibits and other documents required to be included therewith, and likewise to execute and deliver and cause to be filed with the Commission any and all amendments to the 2022 Form 10-K, including, in each case, any and all exhibits and other documents required to be included therewith, with full power and authority to do and perform any and all acts and things whatsoever required and necessary to be done in the premises, as fully to all intents and purposes as each of the undersigned could do if personally present. Each of the undersigned hereby ratifies and confirms all that each said attorney-in-fact and agent, or his substitute or substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, each of the undersigned has executed this Power of Attorney this 23rd day of January, 2023. 
 Name and Position(s) Signature Donna M. Alvarado s Donna M. Alvarado Director Frederic M. Bertley, Ph.D. s Frederic M. Bertley Director C. Daniel DeLawder s C. Daniel DeLawder Director 

F. William Englefield IV s F. William Englefield IV Director Alicia J. Hupp s Alicia J. Hupp Director Jason N. Judd s Jason N. Judd Director Stephen J. Kambeitz s Stephen J. Kambeitz Director Timothy S. McLain s Timothy S. McLain Director D. Byrd Miller, III s D. Byrd Miller, III Director Matthew R. Miller s Matthew R. Miller Director and Officer Robert E. O'Neill s Robert E. O'Neill Director Mark R. Ramser s Mark R. Ramser Director David L. Trautman s David L. Trautman Director and Officer Lee Zazworsky s Lee Zazworsky Director Brady T. Burt s Brady T. Burt Officer Kelly A. Herreman s Kelly A. Herreman Officer 

</EX-24>

<EX-31.1>
 11
 prk-ex311x20221231x10k.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 
 Rule 13a-14(a) 15d-14(a) Certifications 
 Principal Executive Officer 
 
 CERTIFICATIONS 
 
 I, David L. Trautman, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, of Park National Corporation 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. Date March 1, 2023 By s David L. Trautman Printed Name David L. Trautman Title Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 12
 prk-ex312x20221231x10k.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 
 Rule 13a-14(a) 15d-14(a) Certifications 
 Principal Financial Officer 
 
 CERTIFICATIONS 
 
 I, Brady T. Burt, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, of Park National Corporation 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. Date March 1, 2023 By s Brady T. Burt Printed Name Brady T. Burt Title Chief Financial Officer, Secretary and Treasurer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32>
 13
 prk-ex32x20221231x10k.htm
 EX-32

Document 

Exhibit 32 
 
 CERTIFICATIONS PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 1350 OF CHAPTER 63 OF 
 TITLE 18 OF THE UNITED STATES CODE 
 
 In connection with the Annual Report of Park National Corporation (the Company on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), the undersigned David L. Trautman, Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, and Brady T. Burt, Chief Financial Officer, Secretary and Treasurer of the Company, certify, pursuant to Section 1350 of Chapter 63 of Title 18 of the United States Code, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of each of our respective knowledge 
 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the consolidated financial condition and results of operations of the Company and its subsidiaries. 
 s David L. Trautman s Brady T. Burt David L. Trautman Brady T. Burt Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) Chief Financial Officer, Secretary and Treasurer (Principal Financial Officer) Dated March 1, 2023 Dated March 1, 2023 

These certifications are being furnished as required by Rule 13a-14(b) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), and Section 1350 of Chapter 63 of Title 18 of the United States Code, and shall not be deemed filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act or otherwise subject to the liability of that Section. 
 These certifications shall not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act, except to the extent that the Company specifically incorporates these certifications by reference. 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.SCH>
 14
 prk-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 15
 prk-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 16
 prk-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 17
 prk-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 18
 prk-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

