<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230314_10-K_edgar_data_925528_0001410578-23-000263.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>7524372</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>179144</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1149504</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2388263</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1374701</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2248071</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001410578-23-000263.hdr.sgml : 20230314
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230314170037
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001410578-23-000263
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		79
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230314
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230314

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			HUDSON TECHNOLOGIES INC /NY
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000925528
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	WHOLESALE-MACHINERY, EQUIPMENT & SUPPLIES [5080]
		IRS NUMBER:				133641539
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NY
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-13412
		FILM NUMBER:		23731838

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		PO BOX 1541
		STREET 2:		ONE BLUE HILL PLAZA, 14TH FLOOR
		CITY:			PEARL RIVER
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10965
		BUSINESS PHONE:		8457356000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		PO BOX 1541
		STREET 2:		ONE BLUE HILL PLAZA, 14TH FLOOR
		CITY:			PEARL RIVER
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10965

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	REFRIGERANT RECLAMATION INDUSTRIES INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19940617

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001410578-23-000263.txt : 20230314

10-K
 1
 hdsn-20221231x10k.htm
 10-K

Table of Contents 
 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION WASHINGTON, DC 20549 FORM ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15 (d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the fiscal year ended OR TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the transition period from ____________ to ____________ Commission file number Hudson Technologies, Inc. (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) (State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) , (Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code) Registrant s telephone number, including area code Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of Each Class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered The Stock Market LLC (NASDAQ Capital Market) Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act Yes Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act Yes Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer , accelerated filer , smaller reporting company , and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act: Large accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No The aggregate market value of registrant s common stock held by non-affiliates at June 30, 2022 was approximately . As of March 8, 2023, there were shares of the registrant s common stock outstanding . DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE: Portions of the Registrant s Proxy Statement for its Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be held on June 7, 2023, are incorporated by reference in Part III of this Report. Except as expressly incorporated by reference, the Registrant s Proxy Statement shall not be deemed to be part of this Form 10-K. 

Table of Contents 
 Hudson Technologies, Inc. Index Part Item Page Part I . Item 1- Business 3 Item 1A- Risk Factors 9 Item 1B - Unresolved Staff Comments 14 Item 2 - Properties 14 Item 3 - Legal Proceedings 14 Item 4 - Mine Safety Disclosures 14 Part II . Item 5 - Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 14 Item 6 - [Reserved] 14 Item 7 - Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 15 Item 7A - Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 23 Item 8 - Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 23 Item 9 - Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 23 Item 9A - Controls and Procedures 26 Item 9B - Other Information 26 Item 9C - Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 26 Part III . Item 10 - Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 26 Item 11 - Executive Compensation 26 Item 12 - Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 26 Item 13 - Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 26 Item 14 - Principal Accountant Fees and Services 26 Part IV. Item 15 - Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 27 Item 16 - Form 10-K Summary 29 Signatures 55 
 2 

Table of Contents 
 Part I Item 1. Business General Hudson Technologies, Inc. Hudson or the Company ), incorporated under the laws of New York on January 11, 1991, is a refrigerant services company providing innovative solutions to recurring problems within the refrigeration industry. Hudson has proven, reliable programs that meet customer refrigerant needs by providing environmentally sustainable solutions from initial sale of refrigerant gas through recovery, reclamation and reuse, peak operating performance of equipment through energy efficiency and emergency air conditioning and refrigeration system repair, to final refrigerant disposal and carbon credit trading. The Company s operations consist of one reportable segment. The Company s products and services are primarily used in commercial air conditioning, industrial processing and refrigeration systems, and include refrigerant and industrial gas sales, refrigerant management services consisting primarily of reclamation of refrigerants and RefrigerantSide Services performed at a customer s site. RefrigerantSide Services consists of system decontamination to remove moisture, oils and other contaminants intended to restore systems to designed capacity. In addition, the Company s SmartEnergy OPS service is a web-based real time continuous monitoring service applicable to a facility s refrigeration systems and other energy systems. The Company s Chiller Chemistry and Chill Smart services are also predictive and diagnostic service offerings. As a component of the Company s products and services, the Company also participates in the generation of carbon offset projects. The Company operates principally through its wholly-owned subsidiary, Hudson Technologies Company. Unless the context requires otherwise, references to the Company , Hudson , we , us , our , or similar pronouns refer to Hudson Technologies, Inc. and its subsidiaries. The Company s executive offices are located at 300 Tice Boulevard, Suite 290, Woodcliff Lake, New Jersey and its telephone number is (845) 735-6000. The Company maintains a website at www.hudsontech.com , the contents of which are not incorporated into this filing. Industry Background The Company participates in an industry that is highly regulated, and changes in the regulations affecting our business could affect our operating results. Currently the Company purchases virgin hydrofluoro-olefin HFO and hydrofluorocarbon HFC refrigerants and reclaimable, primarily hydrochlorofluorocarbon HCFC ), HFC and chlorofluorocarbon CFC refrigerants from suppliers and its customers. Effective January 1, 1996, the Clean Air Act, as amended (the Act prohibited the production of virgin CFC refrigerants and limited the production of virgin HCFC refrigerants. Effective January 2004, the Act further limited the production of virgin HCFC refrigerants and federal regulations were enacted which established production and consumption allowances for HCFC refrigerants and which imposed limitations on the importation of certain virgin HCFC refrigerants. Under the Act, production of certain virgin HCFC refrigerants was phased out on December 31, 2019 and production of all virgin HCFC refrigerants is scheduled to be phased out by 2030. The Act, and the federal regulations enacted under authority of the Act, have mandated and/or promoted responsible use practices in the air conditioning and refrigeration industry, which are intended to minimize the release of refrigerants into the atmosphere and encourage the recovery and re-use of refrigerants. The Act prohibits the venting of CFC, HFC and HCFC refrigerants, and prohibits and/or phases down the production of CFC and HCFC refrigerants. The Act also mandates the recovery of CFC and HCFC refrigerants and promotes and encourages re-use and reclamation of CFC and HCFC refrigerants. Under the Act, owners, operators and companies servicing cooling equipment utilizing CFC and HCFC refrigerants are responsible for the integrity of the systems regardless of the refrigerant being used. In November 2016, the EPA issued a final rule extending these requirements to HFCs and to certain other refrigerants that are approved by the EPA as alternatives for CFC and HCFC refrigerants (the 608 Rule ). 
 3 

Table of Contents 
 HFC refrigerants are used as substitutes for CFC and HCFC refrigerants in certain applications. As a result of the increasing restrictions and limitations on the production and use of CFC and HCFC refrigerants, various sectors of the air conditioning and refrigeration industry have been replacing or modifying equipment that utilize CFC and HCFC refrigerants and have been transitioning to equipment that utilize HFC or HFO refrigerants. Certain HFC refrigerants are highly weighted greenhouse gases that are believed to contribute to global warming and climate change and, as a result, are now subject to various state regulations relating to the sale, use and emissions of HFC refrigerants, as well as federal restrictions on the production and consumption of HFCs (as set forth below). The Company expects that HFC refrigerants eventually will be replaced by HFOs or other types of products with lower global warming potentials. In October 2016, more than 200 countries, including the United States, agreed to amend the Montreal Protocol to phase down production of HFCs by 85 by 2047. The amendment establishes timetables for all developed and developing countries to freeze and then reduce production and use of HFCs, with the first reductions by developed countries in 2019. The amendment became effective January 1, 2019 as more than 197 countries have ratified the amendment. AIM Act In December 2020, Congress enacted the American Innovation and Manufacturing Act of 2020 (the AIM Act in the United States that will require the phasedown of virgin production and consumption of HFCs, which will also increase opportunities for reclamation of HFCs. On September 23, 2021, the United States Environmental Protection Agency EPA issued the final rule establishing the framework to allocate allowances for virgin production and consumption of HFCs. The EPA is responsible for the administration of the HFC phase down enacted by Congress under the AIM Act. The AIM Act directs the EPA to address the reduction in virgin HFCs and provides authority to do so in three respects: 1) phase down the production and consumption of listed HFCs, 2) manage these HFCs and their substitutes, and 3) facilitate the transition to next-generation technologies. 
 Congress also required that EPA shall consider ways to promote reclamation in all phases of its implementation of the AIM Act. The final rule introduces a stepdown of 10 from baseline levels and a subsequent allowance rule must establish a cumulative 40 reduction in the baseline for 2024. Hudson received an allocation consumption allowance for calendar year 2022 and 2023 equal to approximately 3 million Metric Tons Exchange Value Equivalents, or 1 of the total HFC consumption. Reclamation will be critical to maintaining necessary HFC supply levels to ensure an orderly phasedown. Products and Services Sustainability From its inception, the Company has sold refrigerants, and has provided refrigerant reclamation and refrigerant management services that are designed to recover and reuse refrigerants, thereby protecting the environment from release of refrigerants to the atmosphere and the corresponding ozone depletion and global warming impact and supporting the circular economy. The reclamation process allows the refrigerant to be re-used thereby eliminating the need to destroy or manufacture additional refrigerant and eliminating the corresponding impact to the environment associated with the destruction and manufacturing. The Company believes it is the largest refrigerant reclaimer in the United States. In addition, the Company participates in the creation and monetization of verified emission reductions utilizing third party protocols. The Company provides a complete offering of refrigerant management services, which primarily include reclamation of refrigerants, laboratory testing through the Company s laboratory, which has been certified by the Air Conditioning, Heating and Refrigeration Institute AHRI ), and banking (storage) services tailored to individual customer requirements. The Company also separates crossed (i.e. commingled) refrigerants and provides re-usable cylinder refurbishment and hydrostatic testing services. 
 4 

Table of Contents 
 The Company has also created alternative solutions to reactive and preventative maintenance procedures that are performed on commercial and industrial refrigeration systems. These services, known as RefrigerantSide Services, reduce the system s energy consumption and improve the system s operating performance, and complement the Company s refrigerant sales and refrigerant reclamation and management services. These services also preserve system refrigerant charges, reducing the need for manufacture of additional refrigerant. Refrigerant and Industrial Gas Sales The Company sells reclaimed and virgin (new) refrigerants to a variety of customers in the air conditioning and refrigeration industry. The Company continues to sell reclaimed CFC and certain HCFC based refrigerants, which are no longer manufactured. Virgin refrigerants are purchased by the Company from several suppliers and resold by the Company. Additionally, the Company regularly purchases used or contaminated refrigerants, from many different sources, which refrigerants are then reclaimed using the Company s high speed proprietary reclamation equipment, its proprietary Zugibeast system, and then are resold by the Company. The Company also sells industrial gases to a variety of industry customers, predominantly to users in or involved with the US Military. In July 2016 the Company was awarded, as prime contractor, a five-year contract, together with a five-year renewal option which has been exercised in July 2021, by the United States Defense Logistics Agency DLA for the management, supply, and sale of refrigerants, compressed gases, cylinders and related services. Carbon Offset Projects CFC refrigerants are ozone depleting substances and are also highly weighted greenhouse gases that contribute to global warming and climate change. The destruction of CFC refrigerants may be eligible for verified emission reductions that can be converted and monetized into carbon offset credits, which then can be traded in the emerging carbon offset markets. The Company is pursuing opportunities to acquire CFC refrigerants and is developing relationships within the emerging environmental markets in order to implement opportunities for the creation and monetization of verified emission reductions from the destruction of CFC refrigerants. In October 2015, the American Carbon Registry ACR established a methodology to provide, among other things, a quantification framework for the creation of carbon offset credits for the use of certified reclaimed HFC refrigerants. The Company is pursuing opportunities to acquire HFC refrigerants and is developing relationships within the emerging environmental markets in order to implement opportunities for the creation and monetization of verified emission reductions from the reclamation of HFC refrigerants. RefrigerantSide Services The Company provides decontamination and recovery services that are performed at a customer s site through the use of portable, high volume, high-speed proprietary equipment, including the proprietary Zugibeast system. Certain of these RefrigerantSide Services, which encompass system decontamination, and refrigerant recovery and reclamation, are also proprietary and are covered by process patents. In addition to the decontamination and recovery services previously described, the Company also provides predictive and diagnostic services for its customers. The Company offers diagnostic services that are intended to predict potential problems in air conditioning, process cooling and refrigeration systems before they occur. The Company s Chiller Chemistry offering integrates several fluid tests of an operating system and the corresponding laboratory results into an engineering report providing its customers with an understanding of the current condition of the fluids, the cause for any abnormal findings and the potential consequences if the abnormal findings are not remediated. Fluid Chemistry , an abbreviated version of the Company s Chiller Chemistry offering, is designed to quickly identify systems that require further examination. 
 5 

Table of Contents 
 The Company has also been awarded several US patents for its SmartEnergy OPS , which is a system for measuring, modifying and improving the efficiency of energy systems, including air conditioning and refrigeration systems, in industrial and commercial applications. This service is a web-based real time continuous monitoring service applicable to a facility s chiller plant systems. The SmartEnergy OPS offering enables customers to monitor and improve their chiller plant performance and proactively identify and correct system inefficiencies. SmartEnergy OPS is able to identify specific inefficiencies in the operation of chiller plant systems and, when used with Hudson s RefrigerantSide Services, can increase the efficiency of the operating systems thereby reducing energy usage and costs. Improving the system efficiency reduces power consumption thereby directly reducing CO 2 emissions at the power plants or onsite. Lastly, the Company s ChillSmart offering, which combines the system optimization with the Company s Chiller Chemistry offering, provides a snapshot of a packaged chiller s operating efficiency and health. ChillSmart provides a very effective predictive maintenance tool and helps our customers to identify the operating chillers that cause higher operating costs. The Company s engineers who developed and support SmartEnergy OPS are recognized as Energy Experts and Qualified Best Practices Specialists by the United States Department of Energy DOE in the areas of Steam and Process Heating under the DOE Best Practices program, and are the Lead International Energy Experts for steam, chillers and refrigeration systems for the United Nations Industrial Development Organization UNIDO ). The Company s staff have trained more than 4,000 industrial plant personnel in the US and internationally and have developed, and are currently delivering, training curriculums in 12 different countries. The Company s staff have completed more than 200 industrial ESAs in the US and internationally. Suppliers The Company purchases refrigerants from a variety of manufacturers, wholesalers, distributors, bulk gas brokers and from other sources within the air conditioning, refrigeration and automotive aftermarket industries. Customers The Company provides its products and services to commercial, industrial and governmental customers, as well as to refrigerant wholesalers, distributors, contractors and to refrigeration equipment manufacturers. Agreements with larger customers generally provide for standardized pricing for specified services. The Company generates sales by customer purchase order on a real-time basis and therefore does not carry a backlog of sales. For the year ended December 31, 2022, there was no customer accounting for greater than 10 of the Company s revenues, but one customer accounted for over 10 of outstanding receivables at December 31, 2022. For the year ended December 31, 2021, one customer accounted for 10 of the Company s revenues and one customer accounted for over 10 of the outstanding accounts receivable at December 31, 2021. Strategic Relationships Hudson announced the following strategic relationships in 2022: - In, January 2022, Hudson entered into an agreement with AprilAire, the leading provider of professional grade healthy air solutions for homes, to meet the requirements of the recently finalized California Air Resources Board (CARB) Regulation Order for Reclaimed Refrigerant Use for Manufacturers of AC Equipment. Hudson will supply reclaimed refrigerant to AprilAire for use in its range of healthy indoor air quality solutions. - In, August 2022, Hudson entered into an agreement with Lennox International Inc., a global leader in energy-efficient climate-control solutions, to align their efforts to meet the CARB Regulation Order for Certified Reclaimed Refrigerant Use Requirements for Manufacturers of AC Equipment. Under the agreement, Hudson will be the exclusive supplier of certified reclaimed refrigerants to Lennox for the aftermarket support of their residential HVAC systems. 
 Marketing Marketing programs are conducted through the efforts of the Company s executive officers, marketing personnel and Company sales personnel. Hudson employs various marketing methods, including digital marketing, segment targeted outreach, social media, trade and industry events, webinars, in-person solicitation, print advertising, response to quotation requests and the internet through the Company s websites (www.hudsontech.com and www.ASPENRefrigerants.com). Information on the Company s websites are not part of this report. 
 6 

Table of Contents 
 The Company s sales personnel are compensated on a combination of a base salary and commission. The Company s executive officers devote significant time and effort to customer relationships. Competition The Company competes primarily on the basis of the performance of its proprietary high volume, high-speed equipment used in its operations, the breadth of services offered by the Company, including proprietary RefrigerantSide Services and other on-site services, and price, particularly with respect to refrigerant sales. The Company competes with numerous regional and national companies that market reclaimed and virgin refrigerants and provide refrigerant reclamation services. Certain of these competitors may possess greater financial, marketing, distribution and other resources for the sale and distribution of refrigerants than the Company. Hudson s RefrigerantSide Services provide solutions to certain problems within the refrigeration industry and, as such, the demand and market acceptance for these services are subject to uncertainty. Competition for these services primarily consists of traditional periodic maintenance and repair methods of solving the industry s problems. The Company s marketing strategy is to educate the marketplace that its alternative solutions are available and that RefrigerantSide Services are superior to traditional methods. Risk Management The Company carries insurance coverage that it considers sufficient to protect the Company s assets and operations. The Company attempts to operate in a professional and prudent manner and to reduce potential liability risks through specific risk management efforts, including ongoing employee training. The refrigerant industry involves potentially significant risks of statutory and common law liability for environmental damage and personal injury. The Company, and in certain instances, its officers, directors and employees, may be subject to claims arising from the Company s on-site or off-site services, including the improper release, spillage, misuse or mishandling of refrigerants classified as hazardous or non-hazardous substances or materials. The Company may be held strictly liable for damages, which could be substantial, regardless of whether it exercised due care and complied with all relevant laws and regulations. Hudson maintains environmental impairment insurance of 10,000,000 per occurrence, and 10,000,000 annual aggregate, for events occurring subsequent to November 1996. Government Regulation The business of refrigerant and industrial gas sales, reclamation and management is subject to extensive, stringent and frequently changing federal, state and local laws and substantial regulation under these laws by governmental agencies, including the EPA, the United States Occupational Safety and Health Administration OSHA and the United States Department of Transportation DOT ). Among other things, these regulatory authorities impose requirements which regulate the handling, packaging, labeling, transportation and disposal of hazardous and non-hazardous materials and the health and safety of workers, and require the Company and, in certain instances, its employees, to obtain and maintain licenses in connection with its operations. This extensive regulatory framework imposes significant compliance burdens and risks on the Company. Hudson and its customers are subject to the requirements of the Clean Air Act and the AIM Act, and the regulations promulgated thereunder by the EPA, which make it unlawful for any person in the course of maintaining, servicing, repairing, and disposing of air conditioning or refrigeration equipment, to knowingly vent or otherwise release or dispose of ozone depleting substances, and non-ozone depleting substitutes, used as refrigerants. 
 7 

Table of Contents 
 Pursuant to the Act, reclaimed refrigerant must satisfy the same purity standards as newly manufactured, virgin refrigerants in accordance with standards established by AHRI prior to resale to a person other than the owner of the equipment from which it was recovered. The EPA administers a certification program pursuant to which applicants certify to reclaim refrigerants in compliance with AHRI standards. The Company has two of only four certified refrigerant testing laboratories in the United States under AHRI s laboratory certification program, which is a voluntary program that certifies the ability of a laboratory to test refrigerant in accordance with the AHRI 700 standard. In addition, the EPA has established a mandatory certification program for air conditioning and refrigeration technicians. Hudson s technicians have applied for or obtained such certification. The Company may also be subject to regulations adopted by the EPA which impose reporting requirements arising out of the importation of certain HCFCs, and arising out of the importation, purchase, production, use and/or emissions of certain greenhouse gases, including HFCs. The Company is also subject to regulations adopted by the DOT which classify most refrigerants and industrial gases handled by the Company as hazardous materials or substances and imposes requirements for handling, packaging, labeling and transporting refrigerants and which regulate the use and operation of the Company s commercial motor vehicles used in the Company s business. The Resource Conservation and Recovery Act of 1976, as amended RCRA ), requires facilities that treat, store or dispose of hazardous wastes to comply with certain operating standards. Before transportation and disposal of hazardous wastes off-site, generators of such waste must package and label their shipments consistent with detailed regulations and prepare a manifest identifying the material and stating its destination. The transporter must deliver the hazardous waste in accordance with the manifest to a facility with an appropriate RCRA permit. Under RCRA, impurities removed from refrigerants consisting of oils mixed with water and other contaminants are not presumed to be hazardous waste. The Emergency Planning and Community Right-to-Know Act of 1986, as amended, requires the annual reporting by the Company of Emergency and Hazardous Chemical Inventories (Tier II reports) to the various states in which the Company operates and requires the Company to file annual Toxic Chemical Release Inventory Forms with the EPA. The Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act of 1980 CERCLA ), establishes liability for clean-up costs and environmental damages to current and former facility owners and operators, as well as persons who transport or arrange for transportation of hazardous substances. Almost all states have similar statutes regulating the handling and storage of hazardous substances, hazardous wastes and non-hazardous wastes. Many such statutes impose requirements that are more stringent than their federal counterparts. The Company could be subject to substantial liability under these statutes to private parties and government entities, in some instances without any fault, for fines, remediation costs and environmental damage, as a result of the mishandling, release, or existence of any hazardous substances at any of its facilities. The Occupational Safety and Health Act of 1970, as amended, mandates requirements for a safe work place for employees and special procedures and measures for the handling of certain hazardous and toxic substances. State laws, in certain circumstances, mandate additional measures for facilities handling specified materials. The Company is also subject to regulations adopted by the California Air Resources Board which impose certain reporting requirements arising out of the reclamation and sale of refrigerants that takes place within the State of California. The Company believes that it is in material compliance with all applicable regulations that are material to its business operations. Quality Assurance Environmental Compliance The Company utilizes in-house quality and regulatory compliance control procedures. Hudson maintains its own analytical testing laboratories, which are AHRI certified, to assure that reclaimed refrigerants comply with AHRI purity standards and employs portable testing equipment when performing on-site services to verify certain quality specifications. The Company employs twelve persons engaged full-time in quality control and to monitor the Company s operations for regulatory compliance. Human Capital Resources On February 23, 2023, the Company had 232 full time employees including air conditioning and refrigeration technicians, chemists, engineers, sales and administrative personnel. None of the Company s employees are represented by a union. The Company believes it has good relations with its employees. 
 8 

Table of Contents 
 Patents and Proprietary Information The Company holds several U.S. and foreign patents, as well as pending patent applications, related to certain RefrigerantSide Services and supporting systems developed by the Company for systems and processes for measuring and improving the efficiency of refrigeration systems, and for certain refrigerant recycling and reclamation technologies. These patents will expire between December 2023 and December 2036. There can be no assurance as to the breadth or degree of protection that patents may afford the Company, that any patent applications will result in issued patents or that patents will not be circumvented or invalidated. Technological development in the refrigerant industry may result in extensive patent filings and a rapid rate of issuance of new patents. Although the Company believes that its existing patents and the Company s equipment do not and will not infringe upon existing patents or violate proprietary rights of others, it is possible that the Company s existing patent rights may not be valid or that infringement of existing or future patents or violations of proprietary rights of others may occur. In the event the Company s equipment or processes infringe, or are alleged to infringe, patents or other proprietary rights of others, the Company may be required to modify the design of its equipment or processes, obtain a license or defend a possible patent infringement action. There can be no assurance that the Company will have the financial or other resources necessary to enforce or defend a patent infringement or proprietary rights violation action or that the Company will not become liable for damages. The Company also relies on trade secrets and proprietary know-how, and employs various methods to protect its technology. However, such methods may not afford complete protection and there can be no assurance that others will not independently develop such know-how or obtain access to the Company s know-how, concepts, ideas and documentation. Failure to protect its trade secrets could have a material adverse effect on the Company. SEC Filings The Company makes available on its internet website copies of its Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, and amendments thereto, as soon as reasonably practicable after they are filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Item 1A. Risk Factors There are many important factors, including those discussed below (and above as described under Patents and Proprietary Information ), that have affected, and in the future could affect Hudson s business including, but not limited to, the factors discussed below, which should be reviewed carefully together with the other information contained in this report. Some of the factors are beyond Hudson s control and future trends are difficult to predict. Risks Related to Business Strategy and Operations Our existing and future debt obligations could impair our liquidity and financial condition. Our existing credit facilities, consisting of an asset-based lending facility of up to 90 million from Wells Fargo Bank, National Association Wells Fargo Bank and other lenders, and a term loan with a principal balance of approximately 32 million from funds advised by TCW Asset Management Company, LLC, are secured by substantially all of our assets and the asset-based lending facility contains formulas that limit the amount of our future borrowings under that facility. Moreover, the terms of our credit facilities also include financial and negative covenants that, among other things, may limit our ability to incur additional indebtedness. If we violate any loan covenants and do not obtain a waiver from our lenders, our indebtedness under the credit facilities would become immediately due and payable, and the lenders could foreclose on their security, which could materially adversely affect our business and future financial condition and could require us to curtail or otherwise cease our existing operations. 
 9 

Table of Contents 
 Our revenues, results of operations and cash flows could be materially and adversely affected by changes in commodity prices. Our revenues, results of operations and cash flows are affected by market prices for refrigerant gases. Commodity prices generally are affected by a wide range of factors beyond our control, including weather, seasonality, the availability and adequacy of supply, government regulation and policies and general political and economic conditions. We are exposed to fluctuating commodity prices as the result of our inventory of various refrigerant gases. At any time, our inventory levels may be substantial. We have processes in place to monitor exposures to these risks and engage in strategies to manage these risks. If these controls and strategies are not successful in mitigating our exposure to these fluctuations, we could be materially and adversely affected. We may need additional financing to satisfy our future capital requirements, which may not be readily available to us . Our capital requirements may be significant in the future. We may incur additional expenses in the development and implementation of our operations. Due to fluctuations in the price, demand and availability of new refrigerants, our existing credit facility led by Wells Fargo Bank that expires in March 2027 may not in the future be sufficient to provide all of the capital that we need to acquire and manage our inventories of new refrigerant. As a result, we may be required to seek additional equity or debt financing in order to develop our RefrigerantSide Services business, our refrigerant sales business and our other businesses. We have no current arrangements with respect to, or sources of, additional financing other than our existing credit facility and term loan. There can be no assurance that we will be able to obtain any additional financing on terms acceptable to us or at all. Our inability to obtain financing, if and when needed, could materially adversely affect our business and future financial condition and could require us to curtail or otherwise cease our existing operations. Adverse weather or economic downturn could adversely impact our financial results. Our business could be negatively impacted by adverse weather or economic downturns. Weather is a significant factor in determining market demand for the refrigerants sold by us, and to a lesser extent, our RefrigerantSide Services. Unusually cool temperatures in the spring and summer tend to depress demand for, and price of, refrigerants we sell. Protracted periods of cooler than normal spring and summer weather could result in a substantial reduction in our sales which could adversely affect our financial position as well as our results of operations. An economic downturn could cause customers to postpone or cancel purchases of the Company s products or services. Either or both of these conditions could have severe negative implications to our business that may exacerbate many of the risk factors we identified in this report but not limited, to the following: Liquidity These conditions could reduce our liquidity, which could have a negative impact on our financial condition and results of operations. Demand These conditions could lower the demand and/or price for our product and services, which would have a negative impact on our results of operations. Financial Covenants These conditions could impact our ability to meet our loan covenants which, if we are unable to obtain a waiver from our lenders, could materially adversely affect our business and future financial condition and could require us to curtail or otherwise cease our existing operations. Our business is impacted by customer concentration. In July 2016, we were awarded, as prime contractor, a five-year contract, including a five-year renewal option (which has been exercised), by the United States Defense Logistics Agency DLA for the management and supply of refrigerants, compressed gases, cylinders and related items to US Military commands and installations, Federal civilian agencies and foreign militaries. Our contract with DLA expires in July 2026. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the DLA accounted for 8 and 10 of our revenues. The loss of DLA as a customer could have a material adverse effect on our financial position and results of operations. 
 10 

Table of Contents 
 Our information technology systems, processes, and sites may suffer interruptions, failures, or attacks which could affect our ability to conduct business. Our information technology systems provide critical data connectivity, information and services for internal and external users. These include, among other things, processing transactions, summarizing and reporting results of operations, complying with regulatory, legal or tax requirements, storing project information and other processes necessary to manage the business. Our systems and technologies, or those of third parties on which we rely, could fail or become unreliable due to equipment failures, software viruses, cyber threats, terrorist acts, natural disasters, power failures or other causes. Cybersecurity threats are evolving and include, but are not limited to, malicious software, cyber espionage, attempts to gain unauthorized access to our sensitive information, including that of our customers, suppliers, and subcontractors, and other electronic security breaches that could lead to disruptions in mission critical systems, unauthorized release of confidential or otherwise protected information, and corruption of data. Although we utilize various procedures and controls to monitor and mitigate these threats, there can be no assurance that these procedures and controls will be sufficient to prevent security threats from materializing. If any of these events were to materialize, the costs related to cyber or other security threats or disruptions may not be fully insured or indemnified and could have a material adverse effect on our reputation, operating results, and financial condition. Our business has been impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic. The public health crisis caused by the COVID-19 pandemic and the measures being taken by governments, businesses, including us, and the public at large to limit COVID-19 s spread may have certain negative impacts on our business including, without limitation, the following: Although we have not experienced this during 2022, future potential disruptions in supply chains may place constraints on our ability to source refrigerants, which may increase our processing costs. Governmental authorities in the United States and throughout the world may continue to increase or impose new income taxes or indirect taxes, or revise interpretations of existing tax rules and regulations, as a means of financing the costs of stimulus and other measures enacted or taken, or that may be enacted or taken in the future, to protect populations and economies from the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic. Such actions could have an adverse effect on our results of operations and cash flows. As a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, including related governmental guidance or directives, we have required most office-based employees to work remotely on a hybrid basis, i.e. part-time office and part-time away from the office. We may experience reductions in productivity and disruptions to our business routines while our remote work policy remains in place. Attempting to comply with rapidly evolving and conflicting legal requirements regarding vaccination and/or mandatory testing of our workforce. Actions we have taken or may take, or decisions we have made or may make, as a consequence of the COVID-19 pandemic may result in legal claims or litigation against us. 
 Any of the negative impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic, including those described above, alone or in combination with others, may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. The full extent to which the COVID-19 pandemic will negatively affect our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows will depend on future developments that are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted, including the scope and duration of the pandemic and any further actions taken by governmental authorities and other third parties in response to the pandemic. 
 11 

Table of Contents 
 Risks Related to Regulatory and Environmental Matters The nature of our business exposes us to potential liability. The refrigerant recovery and reclamation industry involves potentially significant risks of statutory and common law liability for environmental damage and personal injury. We, and in certain instances, our officers, directors and employees, may be subject to claims arising from our on-site or off-site services, including the improper release, spillage, misuse or mishandling of refrigerants classified as hazardous or non-hazardous substances or materials. We may be strictly liable for damages, which could be substantial, regardless of whether we exercised due care and complied with all relevant laws and regulations. Our current insurance coverage may not be sufficient to cover potential claims, and adequate levels of insurance coverage may not be available in the future at a reasonable cost. A partially or completely uninsured claim against us, if successful and of sufficient magnitude would have a material adverse effect on our business and financial condition. Our business and financial condition is substantially dependent on the sale and continued environmental regulation of refrigerants. Our business and prospects are largely dependent upon continued regulation of the use and disposition of refrigerants. Changes in government regulations relating to the emission of refrigerants into the atmosphere could have a material adverse effect on us. Failure by government authorities to otherwise continue to enforce existing regulations or significant relaxation of regulatory requirements could also adversely affect demand for our services and products. Our business is subject to significant regulatory compliance burdens. The refrigerant reclamation and management business is subject to extensive, stringent and frequently changing federal, state and local laws and substantial regulation under these laws by governmental agencies, including the EPA, the OSHA and DOT. Although we believe that we are in material compliance with all applicable regulations material to our business operations, amendments to existing statutes and regulations or adoption of new statutes and regulations that affect the marketing and sale of refrigerant could require us to continually alter our methods of operation and/or discontinue the sale of certain of our products resulting in costs to us that could be substantial. We may not be able, for financial or other reasons, to comply with applicable laws, regulations and permit requirements, particularly as we seek to enter into new geographic markets. Our failure to comply with applicable laws, rules or regulations or permit requirements could subject us to civil remedies, including substantial fines, penalties and injunctions, as well as possible criminal sanctions, which would, if of significant magnitude, materially adversely impact our operations and future financial condition. A number of factors could negatively impact the price and/or availability of refrigerants, which would, in turn, adversely affect our business and financial condition. Refrigerant sales continue to represent a significant majority of our revenues. Therefore, our business is substantially dependent on the availability of both new and used refrigerants in large quantities, which may be affected by several factors including, without limitation: (i) commercial production and consumption limitations imposed by the Act and legislative limitations and ban on HCFC refrigerants; (ii) the amendment to the Montreal Protocol, the AIM Act, and any legislation and regulation enacted to implement the amendment, could impose limitations on production and consumption of HFC refrigerants; (iii) introduction of new refrigerants and air conditioning and refrigeration equipment; (iv) price competition resulting from additional market entrants; (v) changes in government regulation on the use and production of refrigerants; and (vi) reduction in price and/or demand for refrigerants. Sufficient amounts of new and/or used refrigerants may not be available to us in the future, particularly as a result of the further phase down of HFC production, or may not be available on commercially reasonable terms. Additionally, we may be subject to price fluctuations, periodic delays or shortages of new and/or used refrigerants. Our failure to obtain and resell sufficient quantities of virgin refrigerants on commercially reasonable terms, or at all, or to obtain, reclaim and resell sufficient quantities of used refrigerants would have a material adverse effect on our operating margins and results of operations. 
 12 

Table of Contents 
 Issues relating to potential global warming and climate change could have an impact on our business. Refrigerants are considered to be strong greenhouse gases that are believed to contribute to global warming and climate change and are now subject to various state and federal regulations relating to the sale, use and emissions of refrigerants. Current and future global warming and climate change or related legislation and/or regulations may impose additional compliance burdens on us and on our customers and suppliers which could potentially result in increased administrative costs, decreased demand in the marketplace for our products, and/or increased costs for our supplies and products. In addition, an amendment to the Montreal Protocol has established timetables for all developed and developing countries to freeze and then reduce production and use of HFCs by 85 by 2047, with the first reductions by developed countries in 2019. The amendment became effective January 1, 2019. In December 2020, legislation was enacted in the United States that will require the phasedown of virgin production of HFCs. Risks Related to Our Common Stock and Other General Risks As a result of competition, and the strength of some of our competitors in the market, we may not be able to compete effectively. The markets for our services and products are highly competitive. We compete with numerous regional and national companies which provide refrigerant recovery and reclamation services, as well as companies which market and deal in new and reclaimed alternative refrigerants, including certain of our suppliers, some of which possess greater financial, marketing, distribution and other resources than us. We also compete with numerous manufacturers of refrigerant recovery and reclamation equipment. Certain of these competitors have established reputations for success in the service of air conditioning and refrigeration systems. We may not be able to compete successfully, particularly as we seek to enter into new markets. We have the ability to designate and issue preferred stock, which may have rights, preferences and privileges greater than Hudson s common stock and which could impede a subsequent change in control of us. Our Certificate of Incorporation authorizes our Board of Directors to issue up to 5,000,000 shares of blank check preferred stock and to fix the rights, preferences, privileges and restrictions, including voting rights, of these shares, without further shareholder approval. The rights of the holders of our common stock will be subject to, and may be adversely affected by, the rights of holders of any additional preferred stock that may be issued by us in the future. Our ability to issue preferred stock without shareholder approval could have the effect of making it more difficult for a third party to acquire a majority of our voting stock, thereby delaying, deferring or preventing a change in control of us. If our common stock were delisted from NASDAQ it could be subject to penny stock rules which would negatively impact its liquidity and our shareholders ability to sell their shares. Our common stock is currently listed on the NASDAQ Capital Market. We must comply with numerous NASDAQ Marketplace rules in order to continue the listing of our common stock on NASDAQ. There can be no assurance that we can continue to meet the rules required to maintain the NASDAQ listing of our common stock. If we are unable to maintain our listing on NASDAQ, the market liquidity of our common stock may be severely limited. Our management has significant control over our affairs. Currently, our officers and directors collectively beneficially own approximately 8.8 of our outstanding common stock. Accordingly, our officers and directors are in a position to significantly affect major corporate transactions and the election of our directors. There is no provision for cumulative voting for our directors. We may fail to successfully integrate any additional acquisitions made by us into our operations. As part of our business strategy, we may look for opportunities to grow by acquiring other product lines, technologies or facilities that complement or expand our existing business. We may be unable to identify additional suitable acquisition candidates or negotiate acceptable terms. In addition, we may not be able to successfully integrate any assets, liabilities, customers, systems or management personnel we may acquire into our operations and we may not be able to realize related revenue synergies and cost savings within expected time frames. There can be no assurance that we will be able to successfully integrate any prior or future acquisition. 
 13 

Table of Contents 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments None. Item 2. Properties The Company s headquarters are located in a multi-tenant building in Woodcliff Lake, New Jersey, which houses the Company s executive officers, its accounting and administrative staff, and its information technology staff and equipment. The Company s key reclamation, processing and cylinder refurbishment facilities are located in Champaign, Illinois, Smyrna, Georgia and Ontario, California. The Company also sells industrial gases out of facilities located in Escondido, California and in Champaign, Illinois. The Company maintains smaller reclamation and cylinder refurbishing facilities in Ontario, California. The Company also maintains four smaller service depots for the performance of its RefrigerantSide Services and maintains three sales and telemarketing offices. Hudson s key operational facilities are as follows: Location Owned or Leased Description Woodcliff Lake, New Jersey Leased Company headquarters and administrative offices Champaign, Illinois Owned Reclamation and separation of refrigerants and cylinder refurbishment Champaign, Illinois Leased Refrigerant packaging, cylinder refurbishment, RefrigerantSide Service depot, refrigerant and industrial gases storage Smyrna, Georgia Leased Reclamation and separation of refrigerants and cylinder refurbishment center Smyrna, Georgia Owned Refrigerant storage Escondido, California Leased Refrigerant and Industrial gas storage and cylinder refurbishment center Ontario, California Leased Refrigerant reclamation and cylinder refurbishment center Item 3. Legal Proceedings None. Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures Not Applicable. Part II Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities The Company s common stock trades on the NASDAQ Capital Market under the symbol HDSN . The number of record holders of the Company s common stock was approximately 104 as of March 8, 2023. The Company believes that there are approximately 4,000 beneficial owners of its common stock. To date, the Company has not declared or paid any cash dividends on its common stock. The payment of dividends, if any, in the future is within the discretion of the Board of Directors and will depend upon the Company s earnings, its capital requirements and financial condition, borrowing covenants, and other relevant factors. The Company presently intends to retain all earnings, if any, to finance the Company s operations and development of its business and does not expect to declare or pay any cash dividends on its common stock in the foreseeable future. In addition, the Company has a credit facility with Wells Fargo Bank, National Association and a separate term loan that, among other things, restrict the Company s ability to declare or pay any cash dividends on its capital stock. Item 6. [Reserved] Not applicable. 
 14 

Table of Contents 
 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Certain statements, contained in this section and elsewhere in this Form 10-K, constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such forward-looking statements involve a number of known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors which may cause the actual results, performance or achievements of the Company to be materially different from any future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Such factors include, but are not limited to, changes in the laws and regulations affecting the industry, changes in the demand and price for refrigerants (including unfavorable market conditions adversely affecting the demand for, and the price of refrigerants), the Company s ability to source refrigerants, regulatory and economic factors, seasonality, competition, litigation, the nature of supplier or customer arrangements that become available to the Company in the future, adverse weather conditions, possible technological obsolescence of existing products and services, possible reduction in the carrying value of long-lived assets, estimates of the useful life of its assets, potential environmental liability, customer concentration, the ability to obtain financing, the ability to meet financial covenants under our financing facilities, any delays or interruptions in bringing products and services to market, the timely availability of any requisite permits and authorizations from governmental entities and third parties as well as factors relating to doing business outside the United States, including changes in the laws, regulations, policies, and political, financial and economic conditions, including inflation, interest and currency exchange rates, of countries in which the Company may seek to conduct business, and integration of any other assets it acquires from third parties into its operations, the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, and other risks detailed in this report and in the Company s other subsequent filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ). The words believe , expect , anticipate , may , plan , should and similar expressions identify forward-looking statements. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date the statement was made. Critical Accounting Estimates The Company s discussion and analysis of its financial condition and results of operations are based upon its consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. The preparation of these consolidated financial statements requires the Company to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses and related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. Several of the Company s accounting policies involve significant judgments, uncertainties and estimates. The Company bases its estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. To the extent that actual results differ from management s judgments and estimates, there could be a material adverse effect on the Company. On a continuous basis, the Company evaluates its estimates, including, but not limited to, those estimates related to its inventory reserves, valuation allowance for the deferred tax assets relating to its net operating loss carry forwards NOLs and goodwill and intangible assets. Inventory For inventory, the Company evaluates both current and anticipated sales prices of its products to determine if a write down of inventory to net realizable value is necessary. Net realizable value represents the estimated selling price in the ordinary course of business, less reasonably predictable costs of completion and disposal. The determination if a write-down to net realizable value is necessary is primarily affected by the market prices for the refrigerant gases we sell. Commodity prices generally are affected by a wide range of factors beyond our control, including weather, seasonality, the availability and adequacy of supply, government regulation and policies and general political and economic conditions. At any time, our inventory levels may be substantial and fluctuate, which will materially impact our estimates of net realizable value. Goodwill The Company has made acquisitions that included a significant amount of goodwill and other intangible assets. The Company applies the purchase method of accounting for acquisitions, which among other things, requires the recognition of goodwill (which represents the excess of the purchase price of the acquisition over the fair value of the net assets acquired and identified intangible assets). We test our goodwill for impairment on an annual basis (the first day of the fourth quarter) and between annual tests if an event occurs or circumstances change that would more likely than not reduce the fair value of an asset below its carrying value. Other intangible assets that meet certain criteria are amortized over their estimated useful lives. 
 15 

Table of Contents 
 An impairment charge is recorded based on the excess of a reporting unit s carrying amount over its fair value. An impairment charge would be recognized when the carrying amount exceeds the estimated fair value of a reporting unit. These impairment evaluations use many assumptions and estimates in determining an impairment loss, including certain assumptions and estimates related to future earnings. If the Company does not achieve its earnings objectives, the assumptions and estimates underlying these impairment evaluations could be adversely affected, which could result in an asset impairment charge that would negatively impact operating results. During the fourth quarter of 2022, we completed our annual impairment test as of October 1 and determined in our qualitative assessment that it is more likely than not that the fair value of the reporting unit is greater than its carrying amount, resulting in no goodwill impairment. The Company s performance and profitability has improved in 2021 and 2022, mainly from increased pricing, as discussed in Results of Operations; however, there can be no assurances that future sustained declines in macroeconomic or business conditions affecting our industry will not occur, which could result in goodwill impairment charges in future periods. There were no goodwill impairment losses recognized in any of the two years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. Other Intangibles Intangibles with determinable lives are amortized over the estimated useful lives of the assets currently ranging from 6 to 13 years. The Company reviews these useful lives annually to determine that they reflect future realizable value. As described above, due to increased profitability, we believe that these other intangibles are fairly stated. Income Taxes The Company is taxed at statutory corporate income tax rates after adjusting income reported for financial statement purposes for certain items. Current income tax expense reflects the tax results of revenues and expenses currently taxable or deductible. The Company utilizes the asset and liability method of accounting for deferred income taxes, which provides for the recognition of deferred tax assets or liabilities, based on enacted tax rates and laws, for the differences between the financial and income tax reporting bases of assets and liabilities. The tax benefit associated with the Company s net operating loss carry forwards NOLs is recognized to the extent that the Company expects to realize future taxable income. To the extent that the Company utilizes its NOLs, it will not pay tax on such income. However, to the extent that the Company s net income, if any, exceeds the annual NOL limitation, it will pay income taxes based on the then existing statutory rates. In addition, certain states either do not allow or limit NOLs and as such the Company will be liable for certain state income taxes. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company utilized all of its remaining 29.3 million of federal NOLs. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had state tax NOLs of approximately 1.5 million, expiring in various years. The Company reviews the likelihood that it will realize the benefit of its deferred tax assets, and therefore the need for valuation allowances, on a quarterly basis. In determining the requirement for a valuation allowance, the historical and projected financial results are considered, along with all other available positive and negative evidence. Concluding that a valuation allowance is not required is difficult when there is significant negative evidence that is objective and verifiable, such as cumulative losses in recent years. We utilize a rolling twelve quarters of pre-tax income or loss adjusted for significant permanent book to tax differences, as well as non-recurring items, as a measure of our cumulative results in recent years. Based on our assessment as of December 31, 2019, 2020 and 2021, we concluded that due to the uncertainty that the deferred tax assets will not be fully realized in the future, we recorded a valuation allowance of approximately 11.3 million during 2018, and due to additional losses, increased the valuation allowance through 2019 and 2020 to 19.0 million. As described further in Results of Operations and Liquidity and Capital Resources, the Company has increased profitability in 2021 and 2022, while also generating significant cash flows and paying down over 50 of its debt. For the year ended December 31, 2021, and due to additional income that resulted in the utilization of net operating losses of 16.8 million, we reduced the valuation allowance by 3.9 million resulting in an ending balance of 15.1 million as of December 31, 2021. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company concluded that its deferred tax assets are more likely than not to become realizable, and as such, the Company reversed all 15.1 million of its existing valuation allowance. The conclusion that a valuation allowance was no longer needed was based on the current year achievement of three years of cumulative pre-tax income, current year utilization of the Company s 29.3 million Federal NOLs, which comprised a majority of the Company s deferred tax assets, combined with estimates of future years pre-tax income that are sufficient to realize the remaining deferred tax assets. The amount of the deferred tax asset considered realizable can change if 
 16 

Table of Contents 
 estimates of future taxable income change or if objective negative and positive evidence changes. While pricing and volume in future periods are uncertain, the Company has mitigated this risk by deleveraging its balance sheet and managing the business to reduce future risk. The Company evaluates uncertain tax positions, if any, by determining if it is more likely than not to be sustained upon examination by the taxing authorities. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the Company believes it had no uncertain tax positions and there are no open federal or state examinations. Overview The Company is a leading provider of sustainable refrigerant products and services to the Heating Ventilation Air Conditioning and Refrigeration HVACR industry. For nearly three decades, we have demonstrated our commitment to our customers and the environment by becoming one of the United States largest refrigerant reclaimers through multimillion dollar investments in the plants and advanced separation technology required to recover a wide variety of refrigerants and restoring them to Air-Conditioning, Heating, and Refrigeration Institute AHRI standard for reuse as certified EMERALD Refrigerants . The Company s products and services are primarily used in commercial air conditioning, industrial processing and refrigeration systems, and include refrigerant and industrial gas sales, refrigerant management services consisting primarily of reclamation of refrigerants and RefrigerantSide Services performed at a customer s site, consisting of system decontamination to remove moisture, oils and other contaminants. Sales of refrigerants continue to represent a significant majority of the Company s revenues. The Company also sells industrial gases to a variety of industry customers, predominantly to users in, or involved with, the US Military. In July 2016, the Company was awarded, as prime contractor, a five-year fixed price contract, including a five-year renewal option which has been exercised, awarded to it by the United States Defense Logistics Agency DLA for the management and supply of refrigerants, compressed gases, cylinders and related items to US Military commands and installations, Federal civilian agencies and foreign militaries. Primary users include the US Army, Navy, Air Force, Marine Corps and Coast Guard. Our contract with DLA expires in July 2026. Results of Operations Year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021 Revenues for the year ended December 31, 2022 were 325.2 million, an increase of 132.5 million or 69 from the 192.7 million reported during the comparable 2021 period. The increase was attributable to higher selling prices of certain refrigerants sold. Higher selling prices were fueled in part by the implementation of the AIM Act and the virgin HFC allocation system. Cost of sales for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 162.3 million or 50 of sales. Cost of sales for the year ended December 31, 2021 was 121.1 million or 63 of sales. The reduction in the cost of sales percentage from 63 to 50 is primarily due to higher selling prices and lower costs of certain refrigerants sold during the year 2022 when compared to the year 2021. Selling, general and administrative SG A expenses for the year ended December 31, 2022 were 28.6 million, an increase of 2.0 million, or 7.5 , from the 26.6 million reported during the comparable 2021 period. The increase in SG A was primarily due to increased payroll-related expenses, higher noncash stock compensation expense, and increased expenditures related to an enhanced information technology system. Amortization expense was 2.8 million during 2022 and 2021, respectively. Other expense for 2022 was 14.3 million, compared to the 8.9 million of other expense reported during the comparable 2021 period. Interest expense was higher due to the extinguishment of prior term loan debt and the related write-off of deferred financing fees, as described in Liquidity and Capital Resources below. In addition, during the third quarter of 2021, the Company received forgiveness of the PPP loan from the SBA, resulting in 2.5 million of Other income. 
 17 

Table of Contents 
 Income tax expense for 2022 was 13.4 million compared to income tax expense of 1.1 million for 2021. The tax provision during the year ended December 31, 2022 includes a 15.1 million tax benefit related to its valuation allowance release. The effective tax rate for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 11.3 compared to 2.7 for 2021.The key driver of higher income tax expense was due to increased profitability and the release of the Company s remaining valuation allowance in 2022. For 2022 and 2021, income tax expense for federal and state income tax purposes was determined by applying statutory income tax rates to pre-tax income after adjusting for certain items. The net income for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 103.8 million, an increase of 71.5 million from the 32.3 million of net income reported during the comparable 2021 period, primarily due to higher revenues, as described above. Liquidity and Capital Resources At December 31, 2022, the Company had working capital, which represents current assets less current liabilities, of 124.2 million, an increase of 68.7 million from the working capital of 55.5 million at December 31, 2021. The increase in working capital is primarily attributable to increased profitability, accounts receivable and inventory, mainly as a result of increased pricing, as described above. Inventory and trade receivables are principal components of current assets. At December 31, 2022, the Company had inventory of 145.4 million, an increase of 51.3 million from 94.1 million at December 31, 2021. The increase in the inventory balance is primarily due to increases in inventory cost in 2022, consistent with the increase in selling price of certain refrigerants. The Company s ability to sell and replace its inventory on a timely basis and the prices at which it can be sold are subject, among other things, to current market conditions and the nature of supplier or customer arrangements and the Company s ability to source CFC and HCFC based refrigerants (which are no longer being produced) and HFC refrigerants (virgin production currently in the process of being phased down). At December 31, 2022, the Company had trade receivables, net of allowance for doubtful accounts, of 20.9 million, an increase of 6.7 million from 14.2 million at December 31, 2021. The Company s trade receivables are concentrated with various wholesalers, brokers, contractors and end-users within the refrigeration industry that are primarily located in the continental United States. The Company has historically financed its working capital requirements through cash flows from operations, the issuance of debt and equity securities, and bank borrowings. Net cash provided operating activities for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 62.8 million, when compared to the net cash used in operating activities of 1.2 million for the comparable 2021 period. The variance is primarily due to increased net income in 2022, primarily as a result of increased selling price of certain refrigerants sold, partially offset by increased accounts receivable and inventories. Net cash used in investing activities for 2022 was 3.7 million when compared to the net cash used in investing activities of 1.9 million for the comparable 2021 period. The increase was mainly due to increased expenditures relating to the implementation of a new Enterprise Resource Planning system in 2022, as well as the timing of capital expenditures related to our plants. Net cash used in financing activities for 2022 was 57.4 million, compared with net cash provided by financing activities of 5.3 million for 2021. The Company refinanced its term loan debt during the first quarter of 2022 and received 100 million in proceeds, along with incurring 8.5 million of deferred financing cost. The Company utilized most of its cash flow from operations to pay down debt for the remainder of the year. Total debt repayment in 2022 was 148 million. At December 31, 2022, cash and cash equivalents were 5.3 million, or approximately 1.8 million higher than the 3.5 million of cash and cash equivalents at December 31, 2021. Revolving Credit Facility On March 2, 2022, Hudson Technologies Company HTC and Hudson Holdings, Inc. Holdings ), as borrowers (collectively, the Borrowers ), and Hudson Technologies, Inc. (the Company as a guarantor, entered into an Amended and Restated Credit Agreement (the Amended Wells Fargo Facility with Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as administrative agent and lender Agent or 
 18 

Table of Contents 
 Wells Fargo and such other lenders as have or may thereafter become a party to the Amended Wells Fargo Facility. The Amended Wells Fargo facility amended and restated the prior Wells Fargo Facility entered into on December 19, 2019. Under the terms of the Amended Wells Fargo Facility, the Borrowers may borrow up to 90 million consisting of: (i) 15 million immediately borrowed in the form of a first in last out term loan (the FILO Tranche and (ii) from time to time, up to 75 million at any time consisting of revolving loans (the Revolving Loans in a maximum amount up to the lesser of 75 million and a borrowing base that is calculated based on the outstanding amount of the Borrowers eligible receivables and eligible inventory, as described in the Amended Wells Fargo Facility. The Amended Wells Fargo Facility also contains a sublimit of 9 million for swing line loans and 2 million for letters of credit. The Company currently has a 0.9 million letter of credit outstanding. Amounts borrowed under the Amended Wells Fargo Facility may be used for working capital needs, certain permitted acquisitions, and to reimburse drawings under letters of credit. Interest under the Amended Wells Fargo Facility is payable in arrears on the first day of each month. Interest charges with respect to Revolving Loans are computed on the actual principal amount of Revolving Loans outstanding at a rate per annum equal to (A) with respect to Base Rate loans, the sum of (i) a rate per annum equal to the higher of (1) 1.0 , (2) the federal funds rate plus 0.5 , (3) one month term SOFR plus 1.0 , and (4) the prime commercial lending rate of Wells Fargo, plus (ii) between 1.25 and 1.75 depending on average monthly undrawn availability and (B) with respect to SOFR loans, the sum of the applicable SOFR rate plus between 2.36 and 2.86 depending on average quarterly undrawn availability. Interest charges with respect to the FILO Tranche are computed on the actual principal amount of FILO Tranche loans outstanding at a rate per annum equal to (A) with respect to Base Rate FILO Tranche loans, the sum of (i) a rate per annum equal to the higher of (1) 1.0 , (2) the federal funds rate plus 0.5 , (3) one month term SOFR plus 1.0 , and (4) the prime commercial lending rate of Wells Fargo, plus (ii) 6.5 and (B) with respect to SOFR FILO Tranche loans, the sum of the applicable SOFR rate plus 7.50 . The Amended Wells Fargo Facility also includes a monthly unused line fee ranging from 0.35 to 0.75 per annum determined based upon the level of average Revolving Loans outstanding during the immediately preceding month measured against the total Revolving Loans that may be borrowed under the Amended Wells Fargo Facility. In connection with the closing of the Amended Wells Fargo Facility, the Company also entered into a First Amendment to Guaranty and Security Agreement, dated as of March 2, 2022 (the Amended Revolver Guaranty and Security Agreement ), pursuant to which the Company and certain subsidiaries are continuing to unconditionally guarantee the payment and performance of all obligations owing by Borrowers to Wells Fargo, as Agent for the benefit of the revolving lenders. Pursuant to the Amended Revolver Guaranty and Security Agreement, Borrowers, the Company and certain other subsidiaries are continuing to grant to the Agent, for the benefit of the Wells Fargo Facility lenders, a security interest in substantially all of their respective assets, including receivables, equipment, general intangibles (including intellectual property), inventory, subsidiary stock, real property, and certain other assets. The Amended Wells Fargo Facility contains a financial covenant requiring the Company to maintain at all times minimum liquidity (defined as availability under the Amended Wells Fargo Facility plus unrestricted cash) of at least 5 million, of which at least 3 million must be derived from availability. The Amended Wells Fargo Facility also contains a springing covenant, which takes effect only upon a failure to maintain undrawn availability of at least 11.25 million or upon an election by the Borrowers to increase the inventory component of the borrowing base, requiring the Company to maintain a Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio (FCCR) of not less than 1.00 to 1.00, as of the end of each trailing period of twelve consecutive months commencing with the month prior to the triggering of the covenant. The FCCR (as defined in the Wells Fargo Facility) is the ratio of (a) EBITDA for such period, minus unfinanced capital expenditures made during such period, to (b) the aggregate amount of (i) interest expense required to be paid (other than interest paid-in-kind, amortization of financing fees, and other non-cash interest expense) during such period, (ii) scheduled principal payments (but excluding principal payments relating to outstanding Revolving Loans under the Amended Wells Fargo Facility), (iii) all net federal, state, and local income taxes required to be paid during such period (provided, that any tax refunds received shall be applied to the period in which the cash outlay for such taxes was made), (iv) all restricted payments paid (as defined in the Amended Wells Fargo Facility) during such period, and (v) to the extent not otherwise deducted from EBITDA for such period, all payments required to be made during such period in respect of any funding deficiency or funding shortfall with respect to any pension plan. The FCCR covenant ceases after the Borrowers have been in compliance therewith for two consecutive months. The Amended Wells Fargo Facility also contains customary non-financial covenants relating to the Company and the Borrowers, including limitations on the Borrowers ability to pay dividends on common stock or preferred stock, and also includes certain events of default, including payment defaults, breaches of representations and warranties, covenant defaults, cross-defaults to other obligations, events of bankruptcy and insolvency, certain ERISA events, judgments in excess of specified amounts, impairments to guarantees and a change of control. 
 19 

Table of Contents 
 The Company evaluated the Amended Wells Fargo Facility in accordance with the provisions of ASC 470-50 to determine if the amendment was a modification or an extinguishment of debt and concluded that the amendment was a modification of the original revolving credit facility for accounting purposes. As a result, the Company capitalized an additional 0.9 million of deferred financing costs in connection with the amendment, which, along with the 0.2 million of remaining deferred financing costs of the original revolving facility, is being amortized over the remaining five year term of the Amended Wells Fargo Facility. The commitments under the Amended Wells Fargo Facility will expire and the full outstanding principal amount of the loans, together with accrued and unpaid interest, are due and payable in full on March 2, 2027, unless the commitments are terminated and the outstanding principal amount of the loans are accelerated sooner following an event of default or in the event of certain other cross-defaults. 2022 Term Loan Facility On March 2, 2022, Hudson Technologies Company HTC ), an indirect subsidiary of Hudson Technologies, Inc. (the Company ), and the Company s subsidiary Hudson Holdings, Inc., as borrowers (collectively, the Borrowers ), and the Company, as guarantor, became obligated under a Credit Agreement (the Term Loan Facility with TCW Asset Management Company LLC, as administrative agent Term Loan Agent and the lender parties thereto (the Term Loan Lenders ). Under the terms of the Term Loan Facility, the Borrowers immediately borrowed 85 million pursuant to a term loan (the Term Loan ). Amounts borrowed under the Term Loan Facility were used by the Borrowers to repay the outstanding principal amount and related fees and expenses under the Prior Term Loan Facility (as defined below) and for other corporate purposes. The Company paid approximately 4.3 million of term loan deferred financing costs. The Term Loan matures on March 2, 2027, or earlier upon certain acceleration or cross default events. Principal payments on the Term Loan are required on a quarterly basis, commencing with the quarter ended March 31, 2022, in the amount of 5 of the original principal amount of the outstanding Term Loan per annum. The Term Loan Facility also requires annual payments of 50 of Excess Cash Flow (as defined in the Term Loan Facility); provided that commencing with the year ending December 31, 2023 such payments may be reduced depending upon the Company s leverage ratio (as defined in the Term Loan Facility) for the applicable year. The Term Loan Facility also requires mandatory prepayments of the Term Loan in the event of certain asset dispositions, debt issuances, and other events. The Term Loan may be prepaid at the option of the Borrowers subject to a prepayment premium of 3 in year one, 2 in year two, 1 in year three, and zero in year four and thereafter. Interest on the Term Loan is generally payable monthly, in arrears. Interest charges with respect to the Term Loan are computed on the actual principal amount of the Term Loan outstanding at a rate per annum equal to (A) with respect to Base Rate loans, the sum of (i) a rate per annum equal to the higher of (1) 2.0 , (2) the federal funds rate plus 0.5 , (3) one month term SOFR plus 1.0 , and (4) the prime commercial lending rate quoted by The Wall Street Journal, plus (ii) between 6.0 and 7.0 depending on the applicable leverage ratio and (B) with respect to SOFR loans, the sum of the applicable SOFR rate plus between 7.0 and 8.0 depending on the applicable leverage ratio. Borrowers and the Company granted to the Term Loan Agent, for the benefit of the Term Loan Lenders, a security interest in substantially all of their respective assets, including receivables, equipment, general intangibles (including intellectual property), inventory, subsidiary stock, real property, and certain other assets. The Term Loan Facility contains a fixed charge coverage ratio covenant and a leverage ratio covenant, each tested quarterly. The fixed charge coverage ratio FCCR covenant requires compliance with specified levels of (i) EBITDA minus unfunded capital expenditures to (ii) interest expense, scheduled principal payments, and other specified payments, in each case as specified in the Term Loan Facility, for a trailing four quarter period. For the period ended December 31, 2022, the FCCR was 4.45 to 1.0 against a requirement of at least 1.10 to 1.0. The leverage ratio LR covenant is tested as of the last day of each fiscal quarter. The LR is the ratio of (i) funded debt as of such date minus the lesser of 15,000,000 or the Company s unrestricted cash to (b) trailing twelve-month EBITDA, in each case as specified in the Term Loan Facility. As of December 31, 2022, the LR was approximately 0.34 to 1.0, compared to the maximum of 4.00 to 1.0. The Term Loan Facility also contains customary non-financial covenants relating to the Company and the Borrowers, including limitations on Borrowers ability to pay dividends on common stock or preferred stock, and also includes certain events of default, including payment defaults, breaches of representations and warranties, covenant defaults, cross-defaults to other obligations, events of bankruptcy and insolvency, certain ERISA events, judgments in excess of specified amounts, impairments to guarantees and a change of control. 
 20 

Table of Contents 
 In connection with the closing of the Term Loan Facility, the Company also entered into a Guaranty and Security Agreement, dated as of March 2, 2022 (the Term Loan Guarantee ), pursuant to which the Company affirmed its unconditional guarantee of the payment and performance of all obligations owing by Borrowers to Term Loan Agent, as agent for the benefit of the Term Loan Lenders. The Term Loan Agent and the Agent have entered into an intercreditor agreement governing the relative priority of their security interests granted by the Borrowers and the Guarantor in the collateral, providing that the Agent shall have a first priority security interest in the accounts receivable, inventory, deposit accounts and certain other assets (the Revolving Credit Priority Collateral and the Term Loan Agent shall have a first priority security interest in the equipment, real property, capital stock of subsidiaries and certain other assets (the Term Loan Priority Collateral ). Termination of Prior Term Loan Facility In conjunction with entry into the new Term Loan Facility as described above, on March 2, 2022 the Company s existing term loans, as amended (the Prior Term Loan Facility ), which had a principal balance of approximately 63.9 million after payment of a 16.0 million excess cash flow amount thereunder, were repaid in full, together with associated required lender fees and expenses of 3.3 million, and the Prior Term Loan Facility was terminated. The termination of the Prior Term Loan Facility constituted an extinguishment of debt, which resulted in the Company recording an additional 4.6 million of interest expense during the first quarter of 2022, which included the aforementioned 3.3 million of prior lender fees and expenses and 1.3 million of pre-existing deferred financing costs from the Prior Term Loan Facility. The Company was in compliance with all covenants, under the Amended Wells Fargo Facility and the Term Loan Facility, as of December 31, 2022. The Company s ability to comply with these covenants in future quarters may be affected by events beyond the Company s control, including general economic conditions, weather conditions, regulations and refrigerant pricing. Therefore, we cannot make any assurance that we will continue to be in compliance during future periods. The Company believes that it will be able to satisfy its working capital requirements for the foreseeable future from anticipated cash flows from operations and available funds under the Amended Wells Fargo Facility. Any unanticipated expenses, including, but not limited to, an increase in the cost of refrigerants purchased by the Company, an increase in operating expenses or failure to achieve expected revenues from the Company s RefrigerantSide Services and/or refrigerant sales or additional expansion or acquisition costs that may arise in the future would adversely affect the Company s future capital needs. There can be no assurance that the Company s proposed or future plans will be successful, and as such, the Company may require additional capital sooner than anticipated, which capital may not be available on acceptable terms, or at all. CARES Act Loan On April 23, 2020 the Company received a loan in the amount of 2.475 million from Meridian Bank under the Paycheck Protection Program PPP pursuant to the CARES Act. The loan had a term of two years, was unsecured, and bore interest at a fixed rate of one percent per annum, with the first nine months of principal and interest deferred. As a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, in applying for the loan the Company made a good faith assertion based upon the degree of uncertainty introduced to the capital markets and the industries affecting the Company s customers and the Company s dependency to curtail expenses to fund ongoing operations. The PPP loan proceeds were used in part to help offset payroll costs as stipulated in the legislation. All or a portion of the PPP loan could be forgiven by the U.S. Small Business Administration SBA upon application by the Company and upon documentation of expenditures in accordance with the SBA requirements. Under the CARES Act, loan forgiveness is available for the sum of documented payroll costs and other covered areas, such as rent payments, mortgage interest and utilities, as applicable. During the third quarter of 2021, the Company received forgiveness of the loan from the SBA, resulting in 2.475 million of Other income recorded in the Company s Consolidated Income Statements. Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements None. 
 21 

Table of Contents 
 Inflation Inflation, historically or the recent increase, has not had a material impact on the Company s operations. Reliance on Suppliers and Customers The Company participates in an industry that is highly regulated, and changes in the regulations affecting our business could affect our operating results. Currently the Company purchases virgin HCFC and HFC refrigerants and reclaimable, primarily HCFC and CFC, refrigerants from suppliers and its customers. Under the Act the phase-down of future production of certain virgin HCFC refrigerants commenced in 2010 and has been fully phased out by the year 2020, and production of all virgin HCFC refrigerants is scheduled to be phased out by the year 2030. To the extent that the Company is unable to source sufficient quantities of refrigerants or is unable to obtain refrigerants on commercially reasonable terms or experiences a decline in demand and/or price for refrigerants sold by it, the Company could realize reductions in revenue from refrigerant sales, which could have a material adverse effect on the Company s operating results and financial position. For the year ended December 31, 2022, there was no customer accounting for greater than 10 of the Company s revenues, but one customer accounted for over 10 of outstanding receivables at December 31, 2022. For the year ended December 31, 2021, one customer accounted for 10 of the Company s revenues and one customer accounted for over 10 of the outstanding accounts receivable at December 31, 2021. The loss of a principal customer or a decline in the economic prospects of and/or a reduction in purchases of the Company s products or services by any such customer could have a material adverse effect on the Company s operating results and financial position. Seasonality and Weather Conditions and Fluctuations in Operating Results The Company s operating results vary from period to period as a result of weather conditions, requirements of potential customers, non-recurring refrigerant and service sales, availability and price of refrigerant products (virgin or reclaimable), changes in reclamation technology and regulations, timing in introduction and/or retrofit or replacement of refrigeration equipment, the rate of expansion of the Company s operations, and by other factors. The Company s business is seasonal in nature with peak sales of refrigerants occurring in the first nine months of each year. During past years, the seasonal decrease in sales of refrigerants has resulted in losses particularly in the fourth quarter of the year. In addition, to the extent that there is unseasonably cool weather throughout the spring and summer months, which would adversely affect the demand for refrigerants, there would be a corresponding negative impact on the Company. Delays or inability in securing adequate supplies of refrigerants at peak demand periods, lack of refrigerant demand, increased expenses, declining refrigerant prices and a loss of a principal customer could result in significant losses. There can be no assurance that the foregoing factors will not occur and result in a material adverse effect on the Company s financial position and significant losses. The Company believes that to a lesser extent there is a similar seasonal element to RefrigerantSide Service revenues as refrigerant sales. Recent Accounting Pronouncements In June 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-13, Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments, which revises guidance for the accounting for credit losses on financial instruments within its scope, and in November 2018, issued ASU No. 2018-19 and in April 2019, issued ASU No. 2019-04 and in May 2019, issued ASU No. 2019-05, and in November 2019, issued ASU No. 2019-11, which each amended the standard. The new standard introduces an approach, based on expected losses, to estimate credit losses on certain types of financial instruments and modifies the impairment model for available-for-sale debt securities. The new approach to estimating credit losses (referred to as the current expected credit losses model) applies to most financial assets measured at amortized cost and certain other instruments, including trade and other receivables, loans, held-to-maturity debt securities, net investments in leases and off-balance-sheet credit exposures. This ASU is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2022, including interim periods within those fiscal years, with early adoption permitted. Entities are required to apply the standard s provisions as a cumulative-effect adjustment to retained earnings as of the beginning of the first reporting period in which the guidance is adopted. The Company adopted ASU No. 2016-13 on January 1, 2023. The adoption of ASU No. 2016-13 did not have a material impact on its results of operations or financial position. In August 2020, the FASB issued ASU 2020-06, Debt-Debt with Conversion and Other Options (Subtopic 470-20) and Derivatives and Hedging-Contracts in Entity s Own Equity (Subtopic 815-40): Accounting for Convertible Instruments and Contracts in an Entity s Own Equity , which is intended to simplify the accounting for convertible instruments by removing certain separation models in 
 22 

Table of Contents 
 Subtopic 470-20, Debt-Debt with Conversion and Other Options, for convertible instruments. The pronouncement is effective for fiscal years, and for interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2022, with early adoption permitted. The Company adopted ASU 2020-06 on January 1, 2023. The adoption of ASU 2020-06 did not have a material impact on its results of operations or financial position. Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk Interest Rate Sensitivity We are exposed to market risk from fluctuations in interest rates on the Amended Wells Fargo Facility and on the Term Loan Facility. The Amended Wells Fargo Facility is a 90,000,000 secured facility with a 15,000,000 outstanding balance as of December 31, 2022. The Term Loan Facility has a balance of 31,812,500 as of December 31, 2022. Future interest rate changes on our borrowing under the Term Loan Facility and the Amended Wells Fargo Facility may have an impact on our consolidated results of operations. If the loan bearing interest rate changed by 1 , the annual effect on interest expense would be approximately 0.9 million as of December 31, 2022. Refrigerant Market We are also exposed to market risk from fluctuations in the demand, price and availability of refrigerants. To the extent that the Company is unable to source sufficient quantities of refrigerants or is unable to obtain refrigerants on commercially reasonable terms, or experiences a decline in demand and/or price for refrigerants sold by the Company, the Company could realize reductions in revenue from refrigerant sales or write downs of inventory, which could have a material adverse effect on our consolidated results of operations. Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data The financial statements appear in a separate section of this report following Part IV. Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure Not Applicable. Item 9A. Controls and Procedures Disclosure Controls and Procedures The Company, under the supervision and with the participation of the Company s management, including the Company s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, has evaluated the effectiveness of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended Exchange Act ), as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based on that evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer have concluded that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures were effective and provided reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed in reports filed under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the rules and forms of the Securities and Exchange Commission, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to the Company s management, including its principal executive officer and principal financial officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives, and management necessarily is required to apply its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures. Furthermore, the Company s controls and procedures can be circumvented by the individual acts of some persons, by collusion of two or more people or by management override of the control and misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected on a timely basis. Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting As required by Rule 13a-15(d) of the Exchange Act, our management, including our principal executive officer and our principal financial officer, conducted an evaluation of the internal control over financial reporting to determine whether any changes occurred during the quarter ended December 31, 2022 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal 
 23 

Table of Contents 
 control over financial reporting. Based on that evaluation, our principal executive officer and principal financial officer concluded there were no such changes. Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting Management of the Company is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting for the Company as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act. The Company s internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance to the Company s management and board of directors regarding the preparation and fair presentation of published financial statements and the reliability of financial reporting. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Therefore, even those systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and presentation. The Company s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have assessed the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. In making this assessment, the Company s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) . Based on our assessment, the Company s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer believe that, as of December 31, 2022, the Company s internal control over financial reporting is effective based on those criteria. BDO USA, LLP, the independent registered public accounting firm which audits our financial statements, has provided an attestation report on our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. 
 24 

Table of Contents 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm Shareholders and Board of Directors Hudson Technologies, Inc. Woodcliff Lake, New Jersey Opinion on Internal Control over Financial Reporting We have audited Hudson Technologies, Inc. (the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (the COSO criteria ). In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on the COSO criteria. We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB ), the consolidated balance sheets of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of income, stockholders equity, and cash flows for each of the years then ended, and the related notes and our report dated March 14, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion. Basis for Opinion The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Item 9A, Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audit of internal control over financial reporting in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audit also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. /s/ BDO USA, LLP Stamford, Connecticut March 14, 2023 
 25 

Table of Contents 
 Item 9B. Other Information None. Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections Not applicable. Part III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance Reference is made to the disclosure required by Items 401, 405, 406, and 407(c)(3), (d)(4), and (d)(5) of Regulation S-K to be contained in the Registrant s definitive proxy statement to be mailed to stockholders on or about April 26, 2023, and to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Item 11. Executive Compensation Reference is made to the disclosure required by Items 402 and 407(e)(4) and (e)(5) of Regulation S-K to be contained in the Registrant s definitive proxy statement to be mailed to stockholders on or about April 26, 2023, and to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters Reference is made to the disclosure required by Item 403 of Regulation S-K to be contained in the Registrant s definitive proxy statement to be mailed to stockholders on or about April 26, 2023, and to be filed with the Securities Exchange Commission. Equity Compensation Plans The following table provides certain information with respect to all of Hudson s equity compensation plans as of December 31, 2022. 

Number of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity Number of compensation securities to Weighted- plans be average (excluding issued upon exercise securities exercise of price of reflected outstanding outstanding in column options and stock appreciation rights options (a)) Plan Category (a) (b) (c) Equity compensation plans approved by security holders 2,390,150 1.51 4,845,343 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence Reference is made to the disclosure required by Items 404 and 407(a) of Regulation S-K to be contained in the Registrant s definitive proxy statement to be mailed to stockholders on or about April 26, 2023, and to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services Reference is made to the proposal regarding the approval of the Registrant s independent registered public accounting firm to be contained in the Registrant s definitive proxy statement to be mailed to stockholders on or about April 26, 2023, and to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 
 26 

Table of Contents 
 Part IV 

Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules (A)(1) Financial Statements The consolidated financial statements of Hudson Technologies, Inc. appear after Item 16 of this report (A)(2) Financial Statement Schedules None (A)(3) Exhibits 3.1 Certificate of Incorporation and Amendment. (1) 3.2 Amendment to Certificate of Incorporation, dated July 20, 1994. (1) 3.3 Amendment to Certificate of Incorporation, dated October 26, 1994. (1) 3.4 Certificate of Amendment of the Certificate of Incorporation dated March 16, 1999. (2) 3.5 Certificate of Correction of the Certificate of Amendment dated March 25, 1999. (2) 3.6 Certificate of Amendment of the Certificate of Incorporation dated March 29, 1999. (2) 3.7 Certificate of Amendment of the Certificate of Incorporation dated February 16, 2001. (3) 3.8 Certificate of Amendment of the Certificate of Incorporation dated March 20, 2002. (4) 3.9 Amendment to Certificate of Incorporation dated January 3, 2003. (5) 3.10 Amended and Restated By-Laws. (2 6 3.11 Certificate of Amendment of the Certificate of Incorporation dated September 15, 2015. (14) 4.1 Description of Equity Securities. (24) 10.1 2004 Stock Incentive Plan. (7) 10.2 Agreement with Brian F. Coleman, as amended. (9) 10.3 2008 Stock Incentive Plan. (8) 10.4 Form of Incentive Stock Option Agreement under the 2008 Stock Incentive Plan with full vesting upon issuance. (9) 10.5 Form of Incentive Stock Option Agreement under the 2008 Stock Incentive Plan with options vesting in equal installments over two year period. (9) 10.6 Form of Non-Incentive Stock Option Agreement under the 2008 Stock Incentive Plan with full vesting upon issuance. (9) 10.7 Form of Non-Incentive Stock Option Agreement under the 2008 Stock Incentive Plan with options vesting in equal installments over two year period. (9) 10.8 Long Term Care Insurance Plan Summary. (10) 10.9 Amendment No. 1 to the Hudson Technologies, Inc. 2008 Stock Incentive Plan adopted October 22, 2013. (11) 10.10 2014 Stock Incentive Plan (12) 10.11 Form of Incentive Stock Option Agreement under the 2014 Stock Incentive Plan with full vesting upon issuance. (13) 10.12 Form of Incentive Stock Option Agreement under the 2014 Stock Incentive Plan with options vesting in equal installments over two year period. (13) 10.13 Form of Non-Incentive Stock Option Agreement under the 2014 Stock Incentive Plan with full vesting upon issuance. (13) 10.14 Form of Non-Incentive Stock Option Agreement under the 2014 Stock Incentive Plan with options vesting in equal installments over two year period. (13) 10.15 Form of Incentive Barrier Stock Option Agreement under the 2014 Stock Incentive Plan with full vesting upon issuance. (13) 10.16 Form of Non-Incentive Barrier Stock Option Agreement under the 2014 Stock Incentive Plan with full vesting upon issuance. (13) 10.17 Form of Incentive Barrier Stock Option Agreement under the 2008 Stock Incentive Plan with full vesting upon issuance. (13) 10.18 Form of Non-Incentive Barrier Stock Option Agreement under the 2008 Stock Incentive Plan with full vesting upon issuance. (13) 10.19 Amended and Restated Agreement with Brian Coleman (15) 10.20 Agreement, dated September 5, 2016, between Hudson Technologies, Inc. and Nat Krishnamurti. (16) 10.21 2018 Stock Incentive Plan (17) 10.22 Form of Incentive Stock Option Agreement under the 2018 Stock Incentive Plan with full vesting upon issuance (18) 10.23 Form of Incentive Stock Option Agreement under the 2018 Stock Incentive Plan with vesting in equal installments over a specified of time. (18) 
 27 

Table of Contents 
 10.24 Form of Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement under the 2018 Stock Incentive Plan with full vesting upon issuances (18) 10.25 Form of Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement under the 2018 Stock Incentive Plan with vesting in equal installments over a specified period of time. (18) 10.26 Form of Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement under the 2018 Stock Incentive Plan with conditional vesting provisions. (18) 10.27 Second Amended and Restated Agreement dated as of September 20, 2019 between the Registrant and Brian F. Coleman (19) 10.28 Amended and Restated Agreement dated as of September 20, 2019 between the Registrant and Nat Krishnamurti (19) 10.29 Third Amended and Restated Agreement dated December 19, 2019 between the Registrant and Brian F. Coleman (20) 10.30 Fourth Amended and Restated Agreement dated as of June 24, 2020 between the Registrant and Brian F. Coleman (21) 10.31 Agreement dated September 14, 2020 between the Company and Kenneth Gaglione (22) 10.32 Amended and Restated Agreement dated September 30, 2019 between the Company and Kathleen L. Houghton (22) 10.33 Hudson Technologies, Inc. 2020 Stock Incentive Plan (23) 10.34 Form of Incentive Stock Option Agreement under the 2020 Stock Incentive Plan with full vesting upon issuance (25) 10.35 Form of Incentive Stock Option Agreement under the 2020 Stock Incentive Plan with vesting in equal installments over a specified period of time (25) 10.36 Form of Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement under the 2020 Stock Incentive Plan with full vesting upon issuance (25) 10.37 Form of Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement under the 2020 Stock Incentive Plan with vesting in equal installments over a specified period of time (25) 10.38 Form of Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement under the 2020 Stock Incentive Plan with conditional vesting provisions (25) 10.39 Credit Agreement dated March 2, 2022 by and among TCW Asset Management Company LLC, as Agent, Hudson Technologies, Inc., and the Borrowers and Lenders party thereto (26) 10.40 Guaranty and Security Agreement dated March 2, 2022 by and among the Grantors named therein and TCW Asset Management Company LLC, as Agent (26) 10.41 Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated March 2, 2022 by and among Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Agent, Hudson Technologies, Inc., and the Borrowers and Lenders party thereto (26) 10.42 First Amendment to Guaranty and Security Agreement dated March 2, 2022 by and among the Grantors named therein and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Agent (26) 10.43 Form of Stock Appreciation Rights Award Agreement (27) 14 Code of Business Conduct and Ethics. (6) 21 Subsidiaries of the Company. (28) 23.1 Consent of BDO USA, LLP. (28) 31.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. (28) 31.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. (28) 32.1 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. (28) 32.2 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. (28) 101 Interactive data file pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T. (28) (1) Incorporated by reference to the comparable exhibit filed with the Company s Registration Statement on Form SB-2 (No. 33-80279-NY). (2) Incorporated by reference to the comparable exhibit filed with the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-QSB for the quarter ended June 30, 1999. (3) Incorporated by reference to the comparable exhibit filed with the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-KSB for the year ended December 31, 2000. (4) Incorporated by reference to the comparable exhibit filed with the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-KSB for the year ended December 31, 2001. (5) Incorporated by reference to the comparable exhibit filed with the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-KSB for the year ended December 31, 2002. (6) Incorporated by reference to the comparable exhibit filed with the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, for the event dated March 3, 2005, and filed May 31, 2005. 
 28 

Table of Contents 
 (7) Incorporated by reference to Appendix B to the Company s Definitive Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A filed August 18, 2004 . (8) Incorporated by reference to Appendix I to the Company s Definitive Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A filed July 29, 2008. (9) Incorporated by reference to the comparable exhibit filed with the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2008. (10) Incorporated by reference to the comparable exhibit filed with the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2012. (11) Incorporated by reference to the comparable exhibit filed with the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2013. (12) Incorporated by reference to Appendix B to the Company s Definitive Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A filed August 12, 2014. (13) Incorporated by reference to the comparable exhibit filed with the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2014. (14) Incorporated by reference to the comparable exhibit filed with the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2015. (15) Incorporated by reference to the comparable exhibit filed with the Company Annual Report on form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015. (16) Incorporated by reference to the comparable exhibit filed with the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed September 9, 2016. (17) Incorporated by reference to the comparable exhibit filed with the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-8 filed December 21, 2018. (18) Incorporated by reference to the comparable exhibit filed with the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2018. (19) Incorporated by reference to the comparable exhibit filed with the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed September 23, 2019. (20) Incorporated by reference to the comparable exhibit filed with the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed December 20, 2019. (21) Incorporated by reference to the comparable exhibit filed with the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed July 20, 2020. (22) Incorporated by reference to the comparable exhibit filed with the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed September 16, 2020. (23) Incorporated by reference to the comparable exhibit filed with the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-8 filed June 30, 2020. (24) Incorporated by reference to the comparable exhibit filed with the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed March 13, 2020. (25) Incorporated by reference to the comparable exhibit filed with the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed March 12, 2021. (26) Incorporated by reference to the comparable exhibit filed with the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed March 3, 2022. (27) Incorporated by reference to the comparable exhibit filed with the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed March 24, 2022. (28) Filed herewith. 

 ) Denotes Management Compensation Plan, agreement or arrangement. Item 16. Form 10-K Summary None. 
 29 

Table of Contents 
 Hudson Technologies, Inc. Consolidated Financial Statements Contents Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (BDO USA, LLP Stamford, Connecticut, PCAOB ID # 31 Audited Consolidated Financial Statements: Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 33 Consolidated I ncome Statements for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 34 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 35 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 36 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 37 
 30 

Table of Contents 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm Shareholders and Board of Directors Hudson Technologies, Inc. Woodcliff Lake, New Jersey Opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Hudson Technologies, Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of income, stockholders equity, and cash flows for each of the years then ended, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company at December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related consolidated statements of income, stockholders equity, and cash flows for each of the years then ended, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB ), the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO and our report dated March 14, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. Basis for Opinion These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the [consolidated] financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. Critical Audit Matters The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of the critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. Income Taxes Release of Valuation Allowances for Deferred Tax Assets As described in Note 7 to the consolidated financial statements at December 31, 2022, the Company concluded that its deferred tax assets are more likely than not to become realizable, and as such, the Company released all 15.1 million of its existing valuation allowance. 
 31 

Table of Contents 
 We identified the evaluation of the release of the valuation allowance as a critical audit matter. Auditing management s assessment of the realizability of its deferred tax assets involved especially subjective auditor judgement because management s estimate of future taxable income is based on certain significant assumptions that may be affected by future market or economic conditions and the Company s performance. The primary procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter included: Evaluating the reasonableness of certain significant assumptions used by management in determining the projected future taxable income as it relates to the release of the valuation allowance, through the following procedures: o Comparing prior period forecasts with actual results and evaluating the impact on certain significant assumptions o Assessing the impact of industry and economic trends on certain significant assumptions 
 /s/ We have served as the Company s auditor since 1994. , Connecticut March 14, 2023 
 32 

Table of Contents 
 Hudson Technologies, Inc. and Subsidiaries Consolidated Balance Sheets (Amounts in thousands, except for share and par value amounts) 

December 31, 2022 2021 Assets Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Trade accounts receivable net Inventories Prepaid expenses and other current assets Total current assets Property, plant and equipment, less accumulated depreciation Goodwill Intangible assets, less accumulated amortization Right of use asset Other assets Total Assets Liabilities and Stockholders Equity Current liabilities: Trade accounts payable Accrued expenses and other current liabilities Accrued payroll Current maturities of long-term debt Short-term debt Total current liabilities Deferred tax liability Long-term lease liabilities Long-term debt, less current maturities, net of deferred financing costs Total Liabilities Commitments and contingencies Stockholders equity: Preferred stock, shares authorized : Series A Convertible preferred stock, par value liquidation preference value); shares authorized ; issued or outstanding Common stock, par value; shares authorized ; issued and outstanding : and respectively Additional paid-in capital Retained earnings (accumulated deficit) ) Total Stockholders Equity Total Liabilities and Stockholders Equity See Accompanying Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 33 

Table of Contents 
 Hudson Technologies, Inc. and Subsidiaries Consolidated Income Statements (Amounts in thousands, except for share and per share amounts) 

For the years ended December 31, 2022 2021 Revenues Cost of sales Gross profit Operating expenses: Selling, general and administrative Amortization Total operating expenses Operating income Other (expense) income: Interest expense ) ) Other income Total other expense ) ) Income before income taxes Income tax expense Net income Net income per common share Basic Net income per common share Diluted Weighted average number of shares outstanding Basic Weighted average number of shares outstanding Diluted See Accompanying Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 34 

Table of Contents 
 Hudson Technologies, Inc. and Subsidiaries Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity (Amounts in thousands, except for share amounts) 

Retained Earnings Common Stock Additional (Accumulated Shares Amount Paid-in Capital Deficit) Total Balance at January 1, 2021 ) Issuance of common stock upon exercise of stock options Excess tax benefits from exercise of stock options ) ) Issuance of common stock for services Value of share-based arrangements Net income Balance at December 31, 2021 ) Issuance of common stock upon exercise of stock options Excess tax benefits from exercise of stock options ) ) Issuance of common stock for services Value of share-based arrangements Net income Balance at December 31, 2022 See Accompanying Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 35 

Table of Contents 
 Hudson Technologies, Inc. and Subsidiaries Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (Amounts in thousands) 

For the years ended December 31, 2022 2021 Cash flows from operating activities: Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to cash provided by (used in) operating activities: Depreciation Amortization of intangible assets Forgiveness of Payroll Protection Program loan ) Lower of cost or net realizable value inventory adjustment ) Allowance for doubtful accounts Amortization of deferred finance cost Loss on extinguishment of debt Value of share-based payment arrangements Deferred tax (benefit) expense ) Changes in assets and liabilities: Trade accounts receivable ) ) Inventories ) ) Prepaid and other assets ) Lease obligations Income taxes receivable/payable ) Accounts payable and accrued expenses Cash provided by (used in) operating activities ) Cash flows from investing activities: Additions to property, plant, and equipment ) ) Cash used in investing activities ) ) Cash flows from financing activities: Net proceeds from issuances of common stock and exercises of stock options Excess tax benefits from exercise of stock options ) ) Payment of deferred financing cost ) Borrowing of short-term debt - net Proceeds from long term debt Repayment of long-term debt ) ) Cash (used in) provided by financing activities ) Increase in cash and cash equivalents Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period Cash and cash equivalents at end of period Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information: Cash paid during period for interest Cash paid for income taxes- net See Accompanying Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 36 

Table of Contents 
 Hudson Technologies, Inc. and Subsidiaries Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements reportable segment. The Company s products and services are primarily used in commercial air conditioning, industrial processing and refrigeration systems, and include refrigerant and industrial gas sales, refrigerant management services consisting primarily of reclamation of refrigerants and RefrigerantSide Services performed at a customer s site. RefrigerantSide Services consists of system decontamination to remove moisture, oils and other contaminants intended to restore systems to designed capacity. In addition, the Company s SmartEnergy OPS service is a web-based real time continuous monitoring service applicable to a facility s refrigeration systems and other energy systems. The Company s Chiller Chemistry and Chill Smart services are also predictive and diagnostic service offerings. As a component of the Company s products and services, the Company also participates in the generation of carbon offset projects. The Company operates principally through its wholly-owned subsidiary, Hudson Technologies Company. Unless the context requires otherwise, references to the Company , Hudson , we , us , our , or similar pronouns refer to Hudson Technologies, Inc. and its subsidiaries. During the year ended December 31, 2021 and continuing through the year ended December 31, 2022, the effects of a novel strain of coronavirus COVID-19 pandemic and the related actions by governments around the world to attempt to contain the spread of the virus have materially impacted the global economy. While it is difficult to predict the full scale of the ongoing impact of the COVID-19 outbreak and business disruption, the Company has been taking actions to address the impact of the pandemic, such as working closely with our customers, reducing our expenses and monitoring liquidity. The impact of the pandemic and the corresponding actions were reflected into our judgments, assumptions and estimates to prepare the financial statements. As of the date of this filing, there has been no material impact on our ability to procure or distribute our products and services. However, if the duration of the COVID-19 pandemic is longer and the operational impact is greater than estimated, the judgments, assumptions and estimates will be updated and could result in different results in the future. AIM Act On September 23, 2021, the United States Environmental Protection Agency EPA issued the final rule establishing the framework to allocate allowances for virgin production and consumption of hydrofluorocarbon refrigerants HFCs ). The EPA is responsible for the administration of the HFC phase down enacted by Congress under the AIM Act. The AIM Act directs the EPA to address the reduction in virgin HFCs and provides authority to do so in three respects: 1) phase down the production and consumption of listed HFCs, 2) manage these HFCs and their substitutes, and 3) facilitate the transition to next-generation technologies. 
 Congress also required that the EPA shall consider ways to promote reclamation in all phases of its implementation of the AIM Act. The final rule introduces a stepdown of from baseline levels in 2022 and will for 2023, and a subsequent allowance rule must establish a cumulative reduction in the baseline for 2024. Hudson received allocation allowances for calendar years 2022 and 2023 equal to approximately million Metric Tons Exchange Value Equivalents per year, or of the total HFC consumption, with allowances for future periods to be determined at a later date. Reclamation will be critical to maintaining necessary HFC supply levels to ensure an orderly phasedown. 
 37 

Table of Contents 
 of the Company s revenues, but one customer accounted for over of outstanding receivables at December 31, 2022. For the year ended December 31, 2021, one customer accounted for of the Company s revenues and one customer accounted for over of the outstanding accounts receivable at December 31, 2021. The loss of a principal customer or a decline in the economic prospects of and/or a reduction in purchases of the Company s products or services by any such customer could have a material adverse effect on the Company s operating results and financial position. 
 38 

Table of Contents 
 goodwill impairment. There can be no assurances that future sustained declines in macroeconomic or business conditions affecting our industry will not occur, which could result in goodwill impairment charges in future periods. There were goodwill impairment losses recognized in 2022 or 2021. 
 39 

Table of Contents 
 million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. contract, including a renewal option,which has been exercised through July 2026, by the United States Defense Logistics Agency DLA for the management, supply, and sale of refrigerants, compressed gases, cylinders and related services. The Company determined that the sale of refrigerants and the management services provided each have stand-alone value. Accordingly, the performance obligations related to the sale of refrigerants is satisfied at a point in time, mainly when the customer receives and obtains control of the product. The performance obligation related to management service revenue is satisfied over time and revenue is recognized on a straight-line basis over the term of the arrangement as the management services are provided. Cost of sales is recorded based on the cost of products shipped or services performed and related direct operating costs of the Company s facilities. In general, the Company performs shipping and handling services for its customers in connection with the delivery of refrigerant and other products. The Company elected to implement ASC 606-10-25-18B, whereby the Company accounts for such shipping and handling as activities to fulfill the promise to transfer the good. To the extent that the Company charges its customers shipping fees, such amounts are included as a component of revenue and the corresponding costs are included as a component of cost of sales. RefrigerantSide Services Total 
 40 

Table of Contents 
 million during 2018, and due to additional losses, increased the valuation allowance through 2019 and 2020 to million. For the year ended December 31, 2021, and due to additional income that resulted in the utilization of net operating losses of million, the Company reduced the valuation allowance by million resulting in an ending balance of million as of December 31, 2021. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company concluded that its deferred tax assets are more likely than not to become realizable, and as such, the Company reversed all million of its existing valuation allowance. The conclusion that a valuation allowance was no longer needed was based on the current year achievement of three years of cumulative pre-tax income, current year utilization of the Company s million Federal NOLs, which comprised a majority of the Company s deferred tax assets, combined with estimates of future years pre-tax income that are sufficient to realize the remaining deferred tax assets. The amount of the deferred tax asset considered realizable can change if estimates of future taxable income change or if objective negative and positive evidence changes. The Company evaluates uncertain tax positions, if any, by determining if it is more likely than not to be sustained upon examination by the taxing authorities. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the Company believes it had no uncertain tax positions and there are no open federal or state examinations. Weighted average number of shares basic Shares underlying options Weighted average number of shares outstanding diluted During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, certain options aggregating and shares, respectively, have been excluded from the calculation of diluted shares, due to the fact that their effect would be anti-dilutive. 
 41 

Table of Contents 
 
 42 

Table of Contents 
 
 43 

Table of Contents 
 million and million, respectively. ) 2021 ) Less: net realizable value adjustments ) ) Total - Land improvements - years - Buildings - years - Building improvements - years - Cylinders - years - Equipment - years - Equipment under capital lease - years - Vehicles - years - Lab and computer equipment, software - years - Furniture fixtures - years - Leasehold improvements - years - Construction-in-Progress Subtotal Less: Accumulated depreciation ) ) Total Depreciation expense for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was million and million, respectively, of which million and million, respectively, were included as cost of sales in the Company s Consolidated Income Statements. , including leases of buildings and various equipment. Some leases include options to purchase, terminate or extend for one or more years. These options are included in the lease term when it is reasonably certain that the option will be exercised. 
 44 

Table of Contents 
 million and million, for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, is included in Selling, general and administrative expenses on the consolidated income statements. -2024 -2025 -2026 -Thereafter Total undiscounted operating lease payments Less imputed interest ) Present value of operating lease liabilities Balance Sheet Classification Long-term lease liabilities Total operating lease liabilities Other Information years years Weighted-average discount rate for operating leases Cash Flows Cash paid for amounts included in the present value of operating lease liabilities for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was million and million and is included in operating cash flows. 
 45 

Table of Contents 
 million and million, respectively. Income tax expense for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was million and million, respectively. The tax provision during the year ended December 31, 2022 includes a million tax benefit related to the Company s valuation allowance release. The income tax expense for each of the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was for federal and state income tax at statutory rates applied to the adjusted pre-tax income for each of the periods. State and local Deferred: Federal ) State and local ) ) Expense for income taxes - State income taxes, net of federal benefit - Excess tax benefits related to stock compensation ) ) - 162m limitation - PPP Benefit ) - Change in valuation allowance ) ) - Other true-up ) Total As of December 31, 2022, the Company had federal NOL carryforwards. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had state tax NOL carryforwards of approximately million, expiring in various years. Deferred income tax represents the tax effect of the differences between the book and tax bases of assets and liabilities. The net deferred income tax assets (liabilities) consisted of the following at: ) - Reserves for doubtful accounts - Inventory reserve - Non qualified stock options - Net operating losses - Deferred interest - Accrued expenses - Valuation allowance ) Total ) ) 
 46 

Table of Contents 
 million during 2018, and due to additional losses, increased the valuation allowance through 2019 and 2020 to million. For the year ended December 31, 2021, and due to additional income that resulted in the utilization of net operating losses of million, the Company reduced the valuation allowance by million resulting in an ending balance of million as of December 31, 2021. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company concluded that its deferred tax assets are more likely than not to become realizable, and as such, the Company reversed all million of its existing valuation allowance. The conclusion that a valuation allowance was no longer needed was based on the current year achievement of three years of cumulative pre-tax income, current year utilization of the Company s million Federal NOLs, which comprised a majority of the Company s deferred tax assets, combined with estimates of future years pre-tax income that are sufficient to realize the remaining deferred tax assets. The amount of the deferred tax asset considered realizable can change if estimates of future taxable income change or if objective negative and positive evidence changes. The Company s 2017 and prior federal tax years have been closed. The Company operates in many states throughout the United States and, as of December 31, 2022, the state statutes of limitations remain open for tax years subsequent to 2017. The Company recognizes interest and penalties, if any, relating to income taxes as a component of the provision for income taxes. goodwill impairment losses recognized for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. Based on the results of the impairment assessments of goodwill and intangible assets performed, management concluded that the fair value of the Company s goodwill exceeds the carrying value and that there are no impairment indicators related to intangible assets. At December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 the Company had million of goodwill. Customer relationships Above market leases Total identifiable intangible assets The amortization of intangible assets for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, were million. Future estimated amortization expense is as follows: 2023 - million, 2024 - million, 2025- million, 2026- million, 2027- million and thereafter - million. 
 47 

Table of Contents 
 Cylinder deposits Lease obligations Other current liabilities Total - Term loan facility - current Subtotal Long-term debt: - Term loan facility- net of current portion of long-term debt - FILO term loan - Less: deferred financing costs on term loan ) ) Subtotal Total short-term long-term debt Revolving Credit Facility On March 2, 2022, Hudson Technologies Company HTC and Hudson Holdings, Inc. Holdings ), as borrowers (collectively, the Borrowers ), and Hudson Technologies, Inc. (the Company as a guarantor, entered into an Amended and Restated Credit Agreement (the Amended Wells Fargo Facility with Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as administrative agent and lender Agent or Wells Fargo and such other lenders as have or may thereafter become a party to the Amended Wells Fargo Facility. The Amended Wells Fargo facility amended and restated the prior Wells Fargo Facility entered into on December 19, 2019. Under the terms of the Amended Wells Fargo Facility, the Borrowers may borrow up to million consisting of: (i) million immediately borrowed in the form of a first in last out term loan (the FILO Tranche and (ii) from time to time, up to million at any time consisting of revolving loans (the Revolving Loans in a maximum amount up to the lesser of million and a borrowing base that is calculated based on the outstanding amount of the Borrowers eligible receivables and eligible inventory, as described in the Amended Wells Fargo Facility. The Amended Wells Fargo Facility also contains a sublimit of million for swing line loans and million for letters of credit. Amounts borrowed under the Amended Wells Fargo Facility may be used for working capital needs, certain permitted acquisitions, and to reimburse drawings under letters of credit. 
 48 

Table of Contents 
 , (2) the federal funds rate plus , (3) one month term SOFR plus , and (4) the prime commercial lending rate of Wells Fargo, plus (ii) between and depending on average monthly undrawn availability and (B) with respect to SOFR loans, the sum of the applicable SOFR rate plus between and depending on average quarterly undrawn availability. Interest charges with respect to the FILO Tranche are computed on the actual principal amount of FILO Tranche loans outstanding at a rate per annum equal to (A) with respect to Base Rate FILO Tranche loans, the sum of (i) a rate per annum equal to the higher of (1) , (2) the federal funds rate plus , (3) one month term SOFR plus , and (4) the prime commercial lending rate of Wells Fargo, plus (ii) and (B) with respect to SOFR FILO Tranche loans, the sum of the applicable SOFR rate plus . The Amended Wells Fargo Facility also includes a monthly unused line fee ranging from to per annum determined based upon the level of average Revolving Loans outstanding during the immediately preceding month measured against the total Revolving Loans that may be borrowed under the Amended Wells Fargo Facility. In connection with the closing of the Amended Wells Fargo Facility, the Company also entered into a First Amendment to Guaranty and Security Agreement, dated as of March 2, 2022 (the Amended Revolver Guaranty and Security Agreement ), pursuant to which the Company and certain subsidiaries are continuing to unconditionally guarantee the payment and performance of all obligations owing by Borrowers to Wells Fargo, as Agent for the benefit of the revolving lenders. Pursuant to the Amended Revolver Guaranty and Security Agreement, Borrowers, the Company and certain other subsidiaries are continuing to grant to the Agent, for the benefit of the Wells Fargo Facility lenders, a security interest in substantially all of their respective assets, including receivables, equipment, general intangibles (including intellectual property), inventory, subsidiary stock, real property, and certain other assets. The Amended Wells Fargo Facility contains a financial covenant requiring the Company to maintain at all times minimum liquidity (defined as availability under the Amended Wells Fargo Facility plus unrestricted cash) of at least million, of which at least million must be derived from availability. The Amended Wells Fargo Facility also contains a springing covenant, which takes effect only upon a failure to maintain undrawn availability of at least million or upon an election by the Borrowers to increase the inventory component of the borrowing base, requiring the Company to maintain a Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio (FCCR) of not less than to , as of the end of each trailing period of twelve consecutive months commencing with the month prior to the triggering of the covenant. The FCCR (as defined in the Wells Fargo Facility) is the ratio of (a) EBITDA for such period, minus unfinanced capital expenditures made during such period, to (b) the aggregate amount of (i) interest expense required to be paid (other than interest paid-in-kind, amortization of financing fees, and other non-cash interest expense) during such period, (ii) scheduled principal payments (but excluding principal payments relating to outstanding Revolving Loans under the Amended Wells Fargo Facility), (iii) all net federal, state, and local income taxes required to be paid during such period (provided, that any tax refunds received shall be applied to the period in which the cash outlay for such taxes was made), (iv) all restricted payments paid (as defined in the Amended Wells Fargo Facility) during such period, and (v) to the extent not otherwise deducted from EBITDA for such period, all payments required to be made during such period in respect of any funding deficiency or funding shortfall with respect to any pension plan. The FCCR covenant ceases after the Borrowers have been in compliance therewith for two consecutive months. The Amended Wells Fargo Facility also contains customary non-financial covenants relating to the Company and the Borrowers, including limitations on the Borrowers ability to pay dividends on common stock or preferred stock, and also includes certain events of default, including payment defaults, breaches of representations and warranties, covenant defaults, cross-defaults to other obligations, events of bankruptcy and insolvency, certain ERISA events, judgments in excess of specified amounts, impairments to guarantees and a change of control. The Company evaluated the Amended Wells Fargo Facility in accordance with the provisions of ASC 470 to determine if the amendment was a modification or an extinguishment of debt and concluded that the amendment was a modification of the original revolving credit facility for accounting purposes. As a result, the Company capitalized an additional million of deferred financing costs in connection with the amendment, which, along with the million of remaining deferred financing costs of the original revolving facility, is being amortized over the remaining term of the Amended Wells Fargo Facility. The commitments under the Amended Wells Fargo Facility will expire and the full outstanding principal amount of the loans, together with accrued and unpaid interest, are due and payable in full on March 2, 2027, unless the commitments are terminated and the outstanding principal amount of the loans are accelerated sooner following an event of default or in the event of certain other cross-defaults. 
 49 

Table of Contents 
 million pursuant to a term loan (the Term Loan ). Amounts borrowed under the Term Loan Facility were used by the Borrowers to repay the outstanding principal amount and related fees and expenses under the Prior Term Loan Facility (as defined below) and for other corporate purposes. The Company paid approximately million of term loan deferred financing costs. The Term Loan matures on March 2, 2027, or earlier upon certain acceleration or cross default events. Principal payments on the Term Loan are required on a quarterly basis, commencing with the quarter ended March 31, 2022, in the amount of of the original principal amount of the outstanding Term Loan per annum. The Term Loan Facility also requires annual payments of of Excess Cash Flow (as defined in the Term Loan Facility); provided that commencing with the year ending December 31, 2023 such payments may be reduced depending upon the Company s leverage ratio (as defined in the Term Loan Facility) for the applicable year. The Term Loan Facility also requires mandatory prepayments of the Term Loan in the event of certain asset dispositions, debt issuances, and other events. The Term Loan may be prepaid at the option of the Borrowers subject to a prepayment premium of in year one, in year two, in year three, and in year four and thereafter. Interest on the Term Loan is generally payable monthly, in arrears. Interest charges with respect to the Term Loan are computed on the actual principal amount of the Term Loan outstanding at a rate per annum equal to (A) with respect to Base Rate loans, the sum of (i) a rate per annum equal to the higher of (1) , (2) the federal funds rate plus , (3) one month term SOFR plus , and (4) the prime commercial lending rate quoted by The Wall Street Journal, plus (ii) between and depending on the applicable leverage ratio and (B) with respect to SOFR loans, the sum of the applicable SOFR rate plus between and depending on the applicable leverage ratio. Borrowers and the Company granted to the Term Loan Agent, for the benefit of the Term Loan Lenders, a security interest in substantially all of their respective assets, including receivables, equipment, general intangibles (including intellectual property), inventory, subsidiary stock, real property, and certain other assets. The Term Loan Facility contains a fixed charge coverage ratio covenant and a leverage ratio covenant, each tested quarterly. The fixed charge coverage ratio FCCR covenant requires compliance with specified levels of (i) EBITDA minus unfunded capital expenditures to (ii) interest expense, scheduled principal payments, and other specified payments, in each case as specified in the Term Loan Facility, for a trailing four quarter period. For the period ended December 31, 2022, the FCCR was to against a requirement of at least to . The leverage ratio LR covenant is tested as of the last day of each fiscal quarter. The LR is the ratio of (i) funded debt as of such date minus the lesser of or the Company s unrestricted cash to (b) trailing twelve-month EBITDA, in each case as specified in the Term Loan Facility. As of December 31, 2022, the LR was approximately to , compared to the maximum of to . The Term Loan Facility also contains customary non-financial covenants relating to the Company and the Borrowers, including limitations on Borrowers ability to pay dividends on common stock or preferred stock, and also includes certain events of default, including payment defaults, breaches of representations and warranties, covenant defaults, cross-defaults to other obligations, events of bankruptcy and insolvency, certain ERISA events, judgments in excess of specified amounts, impairments to guarantees and a change of control. In connection with the closing of the Term Loan Facility, the Company also entered into a Guaranty and Security Agreement, dated as of March 2, 2022 (the Term Loan Guarantee ), pursuant to which the Company affirmed its unconditional guarantee of the payment and performance of all obligations owing by Borrowers to Term Loan Agent, as agent for the benefit of the Term Loan Lenders. The Term Loan Agent and the Agent have entered into an intercreditor agreement governing the relative priority of their security interests granted by the Borrowers and the Guarantor in the collateral, providing that the Agent shall have a first priority security interest in the accounts receivable, inventory, deposit accounts and certain other assets (the Revolving Credit Priority Collateral and the Term Loan Agent shall have a first priority security interest in the equipment, real property, capital stock of subsidiaries and certain other assets (the Term Loan Priority Collateral ). 
 50 

Table of Contents 
 million after payment of a million excess cash flow amount thereunder, were repaid in full, together with associated required lender fees and expenses of million, and the Prior Term Loan Facility was terminated. The termination of the Prior Term Loan Facility constituted an extinguishment of debt, which resulted in the Company recording an additional million of interest expense during the first quarter of 2022, which included the aforementioned million of prior lender fees and expenses and million of pre-existing deferred financing costs from the Prior Term Loan Facility. The Company was in compliance with all covenants, under the Amended Wells Fargo Facility and the Term Loan Facility, as of December 31, 2022. The Company s ability to comply with these covenants in future quarters may be affected by events beyond the Company s control, including general economic conditions, weather conditions, regulations and refrigerant pricing. Therefore, we cannot make any assurance that we will continue to be in compliance during future periods. The Company believes that it will be able to satisfy its working capital requirements for the foreseeable future from anticipated cash flows from operations and available funds under the Amended Wells Fargo Facility. Any unanticipated expenses, including, but not limited to, an increase in the cost of refrigerants purchased by the Company, an increase in operating expenses or failure to achieve expected revenues from the Company s RefrigerantSide Services and/or refrigerant sales or additional expansion or acquisition costs that may arise in the future would adversely affect the Company s future capital needs. There can be no assurance that the Company s proposed or future plans will be successful, and as such, the Company may require additional capital sooner than anticipated, which capital may not be available on acceptable terms, or at all. CARES Act Loan On April 23, 2020 the Company received a loan in the amount of million from Meridian Bank under the Paycheck Protection Program PPP pursuant to the CARES Act. The loan had a term of , was unsecured, and bore interest at a fixed rate of percent per annum, with the first of principal and interest deferred. As a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, in applying for the loan the Company made a good faith assertion based upon the degree of uncertainty introduced to the capital markets and the industries affecting the Company s customers and the Company s dependency to curtail expenses to fund ongoing operations. The PPP loan proceeds were used in part to help offset payroll costs as stipulated in the legislation. All or a portion of the PPP loan could be forgiven by the U.S. Small Business Administration SBA upon application by the Company and upon documentation of expenditures in accordance with the SBA requirements. Under the CARES Act, loan forgiveness is available for the sum of documented payroll costs and other covered areas, such as rent payments, mortgage interest and utilities, as applicable. During the third quarter of 2021, the Company received forgiveness of the loan from the SBA, resulting in million of Other income recorded in the Company s Consolidated Income Statements. Scheduled maturities of the Company s long-term debt and capital lease obligations are as follows: 2024 2025 2026 2027 Total 
 51 

Table of Contents 
 5/2024 Champaign, Illinois 12/2024 Champaign, Illinois (2 nd location) 9/2026 Charlotte, North Carolina 5/2025 Escondido, California 6/2027 Hampstead, New Hampshire 8/2023 Long Beach, California 2/2024 Ontario, California 12/2024 Riverside, California Rantoul, Illinois Smyrna, Georgia 7/2030 Stony Point, New York 6/2023 Woodcliff Lake, New Jersey 8/2027 The Company rents properties and various equipment under operating leases. Operating lease expense for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 totaled approximately million and million. In addition to the properties above, the Company does at times utilize public warehouse space on a month to month basis. The Company typically enters into short-term leases for the facilities and wherever possible extends the expiration date of such leases. million and million, respectively, is reflected in Selling, general and administrative expenses in the consolidated Income Statements. Share-based awards have historically been made as stock options, and recently also as stock grants, issued pursuant to the terms of the Company s stock option and stock incentive plans, (collectively, the Plans ), described below. The Plans may be administered by the Board of Directors or the Compensation Committee of the Board or by another committee appointed by the Board from among its members as provided in the Plans. Presently, the Plans are administered by the Company s Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors. As of December 31, 2022 there were shares of the Company s common stock available under the Plans for issuance for future stock option grants or other stock based awards. Stock option awards, which allow the recipient to purchase shares of the Company s common stock at a fixed price, are typically granted at an exercise price equal to the Company s stock price at the date of grant. Typically, the Company s stock option awards have vested from immediately to from the grant date and have had a contractual term ranging from three to . ISOs granted under the Plans may not be granted at a price less than the fair market value of the common stock on the date of grant (or of fair market value in the case of persons holding 10 or more of the voting stock of the Company). Nonqualified options granted under the Plans may not be granted at a price less than the fair market value of the common stock. Options granted under the Plans expire not more than ten years from the date of grant (five years in the case of ISOs granted to persons holding 10 or more of the voting stock of the Company). 
 52 

Table of Contents 
 shares of common stock were reserved for issuance (i) upon the exercise of options, designated as either ISOs under the Code or nonqualified options, or (ii) as stock, deferred stock or other stock-based awards. ISOs may be granted under the 2014 Plan to employees and officers of the Company. Non-qualified options, stock, deferred stock or other stock-based awards may be granted to consultants, directors (whether or not they are employees), employees or officers of the Company. Stock appreciation rights may also be issued in tandem with stock options. Unless the 2014 Plan is sooner terminated, the ability to grant options or other awards under the 2014 Plan will expire on September 17, 2024. Effective June 7, 2018, the Company adopted its 2018 Stock Incentive Plan 2018 Plan pursuant to which shares of common stock were reserved for issuance (i) upon the exercise of options, designated as either ISOs under the Code or nonqualified options, or (ii) as stock, deferred stock or other stock-based awards. ISOs may be granted under the 2018 Plan to employees and officers of the Company. Non-qualified options, stock, deferred stock or other stock-based awards may be granted to consultants, directors (whether or not they are employees), employees or officers of the Company. Stock appreciation rights may also be issued in tandem with stock options. Unless the 2018 Plan is sooner terminated, the ability to grant options or other awards under the 2018 Plan will expire on June 7, 2028. Effective June 11, 2020, the Company adopted its 2020 Stock Incentive Plan 2020 Plan pursuant to which shares of common stock were reserved for issuance (i) upon the exercise of options, designated as either ISOs under the Code or nonqualified options, or (ii) as stock, deferred stock or other stock-based awards. ISOs may be granted under the 2020 Plan to employees and officers of the Company. Non-qualified options, stock, deferred stock or other stock-based awards may be granted to consultants, directors (whether or not they are employees), employees or officers of the Company. Stock appreciation rights may also be issued in tandem with stock options. Unless the 2020 Plan is sooner terminated, the ability to grant options or other awards under the 2020 Plan will expire on June 11, 2030. All stock options have been granted to employees and non-employees at exercise prices equal to or in excess of the market value on the date of the grant. Risk free interest rate - - Expected volatility - - Expected lives - 2.75 years - 5 years A summary of the activity for the Company s Plans for the indicated periods is presented below: -Cancelled ) -Exercised ) -Granted (1) Outstanding at December 31, 2021 -Cancelled ) -Exercised ) -Granted (2) Outstanding at December 31, 2022 (1) Options to purchase shares were granted in 2021, all of which were vested immediately in 2021. In addition, stock appreciation rights were granted in December 2021 with a six - month vesting period.
 
 53 

Table of Contents 
 shares were granted in 2022, of which options to purchase shares vested immediately in 2022 and the remainder vested immediately and after the date of the grants.

Weighted Average Remaining Weighted Number of Contractual Average December 31, 2021 Options Life Exercise Price Options outstanding and vested The intrinsic values of options outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021 are million and million, respectively. The intrinsic value of options unvested at December 31, 2022 and 2021 are million and million, respectively. Intrinsic value of options exercised million, resulting from the forgiveness of the PPP Loan. 
 54 

Table of Contents 
 SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15 (d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. HUDSON TECHNOLOGIES, INC. By: /s/ Brian F. Coleman Brian F. Coleman, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Date: March 14, 2023 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. Signature Title Date /s/ Brian F. Coleman Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) March 14, 2023 Brian F. Coleman /s/ Nat Krishnamurti Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) March 14, 2023 Nat Krishnamurti /s/ Vincent P. Abbatecola Director March 14, 2023 Vincent P. Abbatecola /s/ Nicole Bulgarino Director March 14, 2023 Nicole Bulgarino /s/ Stephen P. Mandracchia Director March 14, 2023 Stephen P. Mandracchia /s/ Loan Mansy Director March 14, 2023 Loan Mansy /s/ Richard Parrillo Director March 14, 2023 Richard Parrillo /s/ Eric A. Prouty Director March 14, 2023 Eric A. Prouty 
 55 

<EX-21>
 2
 hdsn-20221231xex21.htm
 EX-21

Exhibit 21: Subsidiaries of the Registrant Hudson Technologies Company incorporated in the State of Delaware Hudson Holdings, Inc. incorporated in the State of Nevada Glacier International, Inc. incorporated in the State of New York Glacier Trading Corp., incorporated in the State of New York HFC International, Inc., incorporated in the State of New York HFC Traders, Inc., incorporated in the State of New York RGIT Trading Corp., incorporated in the State of New York RCTI Corp., incorporated in the State of New York RCTI Trading, Inc., incorporated in the State of New York RGIT, Inc., incorporated in the State of New York RGT Enterprises, Inc., incorporated in the State of New York RCT International, Inc., incorporated in the State of New York CCNY International, Inc. incorporated in the State of New York CCNY Traders, Inc. incorporated in the State of New York CCS Trading, Inc. incorporated in the State of New York NYCCS Trading Corp. incorporated in the State of New York RRC International, Inc. incorporated in the State of New York RRC Technical Corp. incorporated in the State of New York RRCA Corp. incorporated in the State of New York RRCA Enterprises, Inc. incorporated in the State of New York RRI Enterprises, Inc. incorporated in the State of New York RRI Trading Corp. incorporated in the State of New York 

</EX-21>

<EX-23.1>
 3
 hdsn-20221231xex23d1.htm
 EX-23.1

Exhibit 23.1 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm Hudson Technologies, Inc. Woodcliff Lake, New Jersey We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements on Form S-3 (No. 333-251646 and No. 333- 269221) and Form S-8 (No. 333-129057, No. 333-164650, No. 333-202955, No. 333-228971 and No. 333-239561) of Hudson Technologies, Inc. and of our reports dated March 14, 2023, relating to the consolidated financial statements and the effectiveness of Hudson Technologies, Inc. internal control over financial reporting, which appears in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Hudson Technologies, Inc. /s/ BDO USA, LLP Stamford, CT March 14, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 hdsn-20221231xex31d1.htm
 EX-31.1

Exhibit 31.1: Hudson Technologies, Inc. Certification of Principal Executive Officer I, Brian F. Coleman, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Hudson Technologies, Inc.; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 14, 2023 /s/ Brian F. Coleman Brian F. Coleman Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 hdsn-20221231xex31d2.htm
 EX-31.2

Exhibit 31.2: Hudson Technologies, Inc. Certification of Principal Financial Officer I, Nat Krishnamurti, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Hudson Technologies, Inc.; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 14, 2023 /s/ Nat Krishnamurti Nat Krishnamurti Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 hdsn-20221231xex32d1.htm
 EX-32.1

Exhibit 32.1: CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 In connection with the Annual Report of Hudson Technologies, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Brian F. Coleman, as Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of my knowledge: (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

/s/ Brian F. Coleman Brian F. Coleman Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board March 14, 2023 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 7
 hdsn-20221231xex32d2.htm
 EX-32.2

Exhibit 32.2: CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 In connection with the Annual Report of Hudson Technologies, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Nat Krishnamurti, as Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of my knowledge: (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

/s/ Nat Krishnamurti Nat Krishnamurti Chief Financial Officer March 14, 2023 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 hdsn-20221231.xsd
 EX-101.SCH

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 hdsn-20221231_def.xml
 EX-101.DEF

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 hdsn-20221231_lab.xml
 EX-101.LAB

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 hdsn-20221231_pre.xml
 EX-101.PRE

</EX-101.PRE>

