<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230306_10-K_edgar_data_1422892_0001213900-23-017859.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>9417715</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>207977</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1961452</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2264995</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2386259</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2346916</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-23-017859.hdr.sgml : 20230306
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230306173055
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-23-017859
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		124
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20220630
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230306
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230306

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Singularity Future Technology Ltd.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001422892
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	ARRANGEMENT OF TRANSPORTATION OF FREIGHT & CARGO [4731]
		IRS NUMBER:				261241372
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			VA
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0630

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-34024
		FILM NUMBER:		23710107

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		98 CUTTER MILL ROAD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 322
		CITY:			GREAT NECK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			11021
		BUSINESS PHONE:		718-888-1814

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		98 CUTTER MILL ROAD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 322
		CITY:			GREAT NECK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			11021

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Sino-Global Shipping America, Ltd.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20080107

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-23-017859.txt : 20230306

10-K
 1
 f10k2022_singularity.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

UNITED STATES 
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

(Mark One) 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR
15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended , 

or 

TRANSITION REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d)
OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from ___________ to ___________ 

Commission file number 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of (I.R.S. Employer incorporation or organization) Identification No.) 

, 
(Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 

(Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 

Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act: 

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 

Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12(g)
of the Act: None. 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a
well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not
required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months
(or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements
for the past 90 days. Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulations S-T 232.405
of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).
Yes 

If securities are registered pursuant to Section
12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction
of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check mark whether any of those error
corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s
executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated
filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of
 large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth
company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on
and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section
404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting fi rm that prepared or issued its audit report.

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No 

The
aggregate market value of voting common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant as of December 31, 2021, the last business day
of the registrant s second fiscal quarter, was approximately . 

The number of shares of common stock outstanding as of March 3,
2023 was . 

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE: 

None. 

SINGULARITY FUTURE TECHNOLOGY LTD. 

FORM 10-K 

INDEX 

Introduction 

ii 

Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 
 
 iii 

PART I 

Item 1. 
 Business

1 

Item 1A. 
 Risk
 Factors 
 
 8 

Item 1B. 
 Unresolved
 Staff Comments 
 
 12 

Item 2. 
 Properties 
 
 12 

Item 3. 
 Legal
Proceedings 
 
 12 

Item 4. 
 Mine
Safety Disclosures 
 
 12 

PART II 

Item 5. 
 Market
 for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 13 

Item 6. 
 [Reserved] 
 
 13 

Item 7. 
 Management s
 Discussion and Analysis or Plan of Operation 
 
 13 

Item 7A. 
 Quantitative
 and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 
 22 

Item 8. 
 Financial
 Statements and Supplementary Data 
 
 22 

Item 9. 
 Changes
 in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 
 22 

Item 9A. 
 Controls
 and Procedures 
 
 22 

Item 9B. 
 Other
 Information 
 
 23 

Item 9C. 
 Disclosure
 Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 23 

PART III 

Item 10. 
 Directors,
 Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 
 24 

Item 11. 
 Executive
 Compensation 
 
 27 

Item 12. 
 Security
 Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 
 29 

Item 13. 
 Certain
 Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 
 30 

Item 14. 
 Principal
 Accountant Fees and Services 
 
 32 

Item 15. 
 Exhibits,
 Financial Statement Schedules 
 
 33 

Item 16. 
 Form
 10-K Summary 
 
 34 

i 

INTRODUCTION 

Unless the context otherwise
requires, in this annual report on Form 10-K (this Report ): 

We, us, our, and our
Company refer to Singularity Future Technology Ltd., a Virginia company incorporated in September 2007, and all of its direct and
indirect consolidated subsidiaries; 

Singularity refers to Singularity Future Technology, Ltd; 

Sino-China refers to Sino-Global Shipping Agency Ltd., a Chinese legal entity; 

PRC refers to the People s Republic of China, excluding Taiwan for the purpose of this Report; 

US or U.S. refers to the United States of America; 

RMB or Renminbi refers to the legal currency of China, and or U.S. dollars refers to the legal currency of the United States. 

Names of certain PRC companies
provided in this Report are translated or transliterated from their original PRC legal names. Discrepancies, if any, in any table between
the amounts identified as total amounts and the sum of the amounts listed therein are due to rounding. 

ii 

CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING
STATEMENTS 

This Report contains certain
statements that constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as
amended (the Securities Act and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ).
Such forward-looking statements, including but not limited to statements regarding our projected growth, trends and strategies, future
operating and financial results, financial expectations and current business indicators are based upon current information and expectations
and are subject to change based on factors beyond our control. Forward-looking statements typically are identified by the use of terms
such as look, may, will, should, might, believe, plan, 
 expect, anticipate, estimate and similar words, although some forward-looking statements are
expressed differently. The accuracy of such statements may be impacted by a number of business risks and uncertainties we face that could
cause our actual results to differ materially from those projected or anticipated, including but not limited to the following: 

our ability to timely and properly deliver our services; 

our dependence on a limited number of major
 customers and suppliers; 

our ability to resume our business of sales of crypto mining machines and to expand our operations after the conclusion of the investigation; 

current and future political and economic factors in the United States and China and the relationship between the two countries; 

our ability to explore and enter into new business opportunities and the acceptance in the marketplace of our new lines of business; 

unanticipated changes in general market conditions or other factors which may result in cancellations or reductions in the need for our services; 

the demand for warehouse, shipping and logistics services; 

the foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations; 

possible disruptions in commercial activities caused by events such as natural disasters, health epidemics, terrorist activity and armed conflict; 

our ability to identify and successfully execute cost control initiatives; 

the impact of quotas, tariffs or safeguards on our customer products that we service; 

our ability to attract, retain and motivate qualified management team members and skilled personnel; 

relevant governmental policies and regulations relating to our businesses and industries; 

developments in, or changes to, laws, regulations, governmental policies, incentives and taxation affecting our operations; 

our reputation and ability to do business may be impacted by the improper conduct of our employees, agents or business partners; and 

the outcome of litigation or investigation in which we are involved is unpredictable, and an adverse decision in any such matter could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and equity. 

Readers are cautioned not
to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date hereof. The Company undertakes no obligation
to update the forward-looking statements. Nonetheless, the Company reserves the right to make such updates from time to time by press
release, periodic report or other method of public disclosure without the need for specific reference to this Report. No such update shall
be deemed to indicate that other statements not addressed by such update remain correct or create an obligation to provide any other updates. 

iii 

PART I 

Item 1. Business. 

Overview 

We are a global
logistics integrated solution provider that was founded in the United States in 2001. We primarily focus on providing freight
logistics services, which mainly include shipping, warehouse, resources, equipment, and other logistical support to
steel companies and e-commerce businesses. 

We previously focused on providing customized freight logistic services
until 2017 when we began exploring new opportunities to expand our business and generate more revenue. These opportunities ranged from
complementary businesses to other new service and product initiatives. In the fiscal year 2022, while we continued to provide our traditional
freight business, we expanded our services to include warehousing services provided by our U.S. subsidiary Brilliant Warehouse Service
Inc since August 2021. On January 3, 2022, we changed our corporate name to Singularity Future Technology Ltd. to align with our entry
into the digital assets business through our U.S. subsidiaries. During 2022, we were engaged in purchases and sales of cryptocurrency
mining machines through our U.S. subsidiaries and ceased this line of business in December 2022 following our settlement with SOSNY, as
more fully described below under the heading Recent Developments Settlement with SOS Information Technology New
York, Inc. 

We are currently engaged in
providing freight logistics services including warehouse services, which are operated by our subsidiaries Trans Pacific Shipping Limited
and Ningbo Saimeinuo Supply Chain Management Ltd in China and Gorgeous Trading Ltd and Brilliant Warehouse Service Inc in the United States.
Our range of services include transportation, warehouse, collection, first-mile delivery, drop shipping, customs clearance, and overseas
transit delivery. 

Since the publication of the
Hindenburg Report (as defined below), we have devoted substantial resources and efforts in the cooperation with the investigation of the
Special Committee and U.S. governmental authorities, as well as the settlements with investors and vendor and the defense of lawsuits,
which are fully described below. As a result, our business operations have been materially and adversely impacted, including suspension
of our business developments in North America. We are currently exploring new business opportunities while continuing to provide freight
logistics services, which include shipping and warehouse services. 

Recent Developments 

Special Committee Investigation 

On May 5, 2022, an entity named Hindenburg Research issued a report
(the Hindenburg Report regarding the Company alleging, among other things, that the Company s then Chief Executive
Officer, Yang Jie, was a fugitive on the run from Chinese authorities for running an alleged 300 million Ponzi scheme that lured in over
20,000 victims. The report also raised questions regarding the Company s joint venture to produce crypto mining equipment announced
in October 2021, as well as a 200 million order purportedly received by the joint venture in January 2022. Further, the report was critical
of the Company s April 2022 announcement of a 250 million partnership with an entity named Golden Mainland Inc. On May 6, 2022,
the Board of Directors of the Company (the Board formed a special committee of its Board of Directors (the Special
Committee to investigate claims of alleged fraud, misrepresentation, and inadequate disclosure related to the Company and certain
of its management personnel raised in the Hindenburg Report and other related matters. The Special Committee then retained Blank Rome
LLP to serve as independent legal counsel and advise the Committee on the investigation. The Special Committee completed the fact-finding
portion of its investigation prior to December 31, 2022. The Special Committee s preliminary findings corroborate certain of the
allegations made in the Hindenburg Report and the investigation has resulted in the terminations and resignations of certain executive
officers and directors of the Company, including but not limited to, the following: 

On June 16, 2022, Ms. Tuo
Pan, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, without proper authorization by the Board, directed that funds be wired to satisfy an invoice
for legal services that were rendered or to be rendered to Ms. Pan personally. Ms. Pan was suspended by the Board for cause and without
pay effective June 20, 2022. On August 31, 2022, Ms. Tuo Pan was terminated for cause as an employee and Chief Financial Officer of the
Company and from any other position at any subsidiary of the Company to which she has been appointed in accordance with the terms of her
Employment Agreement dated November 9, 2021 and will not receive any salary or benefits from the Company except those earned through August
31, 2022. 

1 

On August 9, 2022, Mr. Yang
Jie tendered his resignation from his positions as the Chief Executive Officer and director of the Company to the Board, following the
Board s decision on August 8, 2022, which adopted the Special Committee s recommendation that Mr. Jie be suspended immediately
as the Company s Chief Executive Officer, pending the Special Committee s further investigation into allegations raised in
the report of Hindenburg Report and other related matters. 

On August 16, 2022, the Staff
and attorneys from Blank Rome LLP, counsel for the Special Committee, held a conference call, during which counsel represented that Yang
Jie had provided documentation to the SEC that indicated that the charges against him in China had been dropped, but the Special Committee s
investigation raised questions regarding the authenticity of such documents. The Special Committee has concluded that Mr. Jie was in fact
issued a Red Notice in China. In terms of remediating this issue, after being suspended by the Special Committee on August
8, 2022, Mr. Yang Jie had resigned from his positions as Chief Executive Officer and as a director of the Company on August 9, 2022. 

On January 9, 2023, the Company
entered into an Executive Separation Agreement and General Release (the Separation Agreement ), with Lei Cao, an employee
of the Company and a member of the Board, setting forth the terms and conditions related to (1) the termination of Mr. Cao s employment
with the Company and the termination of the employment agreement dated as of November 1, 2021 as well as cancellation and/or termination
of certain other agreements relating to Mr. Cao s employment with the Company; and (2) Mr. Cao s resignation from the Board,
effective as of January 9, 2023. 

Pursuant to the Separation
Agreement, Mr. Cao submitted a letter of resignation from the Board on January 9, 2023. In addition, he agreed to forfeit and return to
the Company the 600,000 shares of common stock of the Company granted to him on August 13, 2021 under the terms of the 2014 Equity Incentive
Plan of the Company (the 2021 Shares ). Mr. Cao also agreed to cooperate with the Company regarding certain investigations
and proceedings set forth in the Separation Agreement, and/or any other matters arising out of or related to Mr. Cao s relationship
with or service to the Company. In consideration, the Company agreed to provide the following benefits to which Mr. Cao was not otherwise
entitled: (1) payment of reasonable attorneys fees and costs incurred by Mr. Cao up through January 9, 2023 associated with Mr.
Cao s personal legal representation in matters relating to Mr. Cao s tenure with the Company, the investigations and proceedings
set forth in the Separation Agreement, and the negotiation and drafting of the Separation Agreement; (2) the release of claims in Mr.
Cao s favor contained in the Separation Agreement; and (3) payment of Mr. Cao s reasonable and necessary legal fees to the
extent incurred by Mr. Cao as a result of his cooperation as required by the Company under the terms of the Separation Agreement. Additionally,
the Separation Agreement contains mutual general releases and waiver of claims from Mr. Cao and the Company. 

On February 23, 2023,
the Board approved the dissolution of the Special Committee upon conclusion of the committee s investigation. On the same day,
John Levy resigned as a director and member of the Audit Committee, Compensation Committee and Nominating Committee of the Board, effective
immediately. 

Nasdaq Listing Deficiencies 

On May 24, 2022, the Company
received a delinquency notice from Nasdaq indicating that the Company was not in compliance with Nasdaq Listing Rule 5250(c)(1) due to
its delay in filing its Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2022. The Company was provided 60 days to submit
a plan to regain compliance. On July 25, 2022 and September 14, 2022, the Company submitted its plan to regain compliance and supplementary
information related to the plan, respectively (collectively, the Compliance Plan ). Based on the review of the Compliance
Plan as well as telephone conversations with outside counsel to the Company and counsel to the Company s Special Committee, the
Staff has determined that the Company did not provide a definitive plan evidencing its ability to file the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q
for the quarter ended March 31, 2022 and the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2022 (collectively, the Reports within the 180 calendar day period available to the Staff under the Nasdaq Listing Rules. 

2 

Specifically, the delisting
determination referenced several aspects of the Compliance Plan that raise substantial doubts about the Company s ability to regain
compliance: (i) the unreasonably short timeframe for the Company to file the Reports based on the anticipated timeframe the Special Committee
needs to substantially complete its investigation; (ii) the Company s ability to engage a new independent registered public accounting
firm; and (iii) the departure of both the Company s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer. 

On November 16, 2022, the
Company received an additional staff determination notice from Nasdaq, advising that it had not received the Company s Form
10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2022, which served as an additional basis for delisting the Company s securities
and that the Nasdaq Hearings Panel (the Panel will consider the additional deficiency in rendering a determination regarding
the Company s continued listing on The Nasdaq Capital Market. The Company has submitted to the Panel a plan to regain compliance
with the continued listing requirements, including the filing of the Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2022. 

On January 5, 2023, the Company
received a deficiency notice from Nasdaq informing the Company that its common stock, no par value, fails to comply with the 1 minimum
bid price required for continued listing on The Nasdaq Capital Market under Nasdaq Listing Rule 5550(a)(2) based upon the closing bid
price of the common stock for the 30 consecutive business days prior to the date of the notice from Nasdaq. The Company has been provided
an initial compliance period of 180 calendar days, or until July 5, 2023, to regain compliance with the minimum bid price requirement. 

On February 21, 2023, the Company received an additional staff determination
notice from Nasdaq, advising that it had not received the Company s Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended December 31, 2022,
which served as an additional basis for delisting the Company s securities. The notice stated that the Nasdaq Hearings Panel will
consider the additional deficiency in rendering a determination regarding the Company s continued listing on Nasdaq. The Company
has submitted to the Panel a plan to regain compliance with the continued listing requirements and has been granted a grace period to
file all the delinquent reports, including the filing of the Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended December 31, 2022, on or before
February 28, 2023. 

Settlement with SOS Information Technology
New York, Inc. 

SOS Information Technology
New York, Inc. SOSNY ), a company incorporated under the laws of state of New York and a wholly owned subsidiary of SOS
Ltd., filed a lawsuit in the New York State Supreme Court on December 9, 2022 against Thor Miner, Inc., which is the Company s joint
venture Thor Miner, together with the Company, referred to as the Corporate Defendants ), Lei Cao, Yang Jie,
John F. Levy, Tieliang Liu, Tuo Pan, Shi Qiu, Jing Shan, and Heng Wang (jointly referred to as the Individual Defendants (collectively, the Individual Defendants and the Corporate Defendants are the Defendants ). SOSNY and Thor Miner entered
into a Purchase and Sale Agreement dated January 10, 2022 (the PSA for the purchase of 200,000,000 in crypto mining rigs,
which SOSNY claims was breached by the Defendants. 

SOSNY and Defendants entered
into a certain settlement agreement and general mutual release with an Effective Date of December 28, 2022 (the Settlement Agreement ).
Pursuant to the Settlement Agreement, Thor Miner agreed to pay a sum of 13,000,000 (the Settlement Payment to SOSNY in
exchange for SOSNY dismissing the lawsuit with prejudice as to the settling Defendants and without prejudice as to all others. The full
Settlement Payment was received by SOSNY on December 28, 2022. SOSNY dismissed the lawsuit with prejudice against Singularity (and other
Defendants) on December 28, 2022. 

The
Company and Thor Miner further covenanted and agreed that if they receive additional funds from HighSharp (Shenzhen Gaorui) Electronic
Technology Co., Ltd. HighSharp related to the PSA, they will promptly transfer such funds to SOSNY in an amount not to
exceed 40,560,569 (which is the total amount paid by SOSNY pursuant to the PSA less the price of the machines actually received by SOSNY
pursuant to the PSA). The Settlement Payment and any payments subsequently received by SOSNY from HighSharp shall be deducted from the
total amount of 40,560,569 previously paid by, and now due and owing to SOSNY. In further consideration of the Settlement Agreement,
Thor Miner agreed to execute and provide to SOSNY, within seven (7) business days after SOSNY s receipt of the Settlement Payment,
an assignment of all claims it may have against HighSharp or otherwise to the proceeds of the PSA. 

Litigations 

Lawsuits in connection with the Securities
Purchase Agreement 

On
September 23, 2022, Hexin Global Limited and Viner Total Investments Fund filed a lawsuit against the Company and other defendants in
the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York (the Hexin lawsuit ). On December 5, 2022, St. Hudson
Group LLC, Imperii Strategies LLC, Isyled Technology Limited, and Hsqynm Family Inc. filed a lawsuit against the Company and other defendants
in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York (the St. Hudson lawsuit, and together with the
Hexin lawsuit, the Investor Actions ). The plaintiffs in the Investor Actions are investors that entered into a securities
purchase agreement with the Company in December 2021 as more fully described below. Each of these plaintiffs asserts causes of action
for, among other things, violations of federal securities laws, breach of fiduciary duty, fraudulent inducement, breach of contract,
conversion, and unjust enrichment, and seeks monetary damages and specific performance to remove legends from certain securities sold
pursuant to the Securities Purchase Agreement. The Hexin lawsuit claims monetary damages of at least 6 million, plus interest,
costs, fees, and attorneys fees. The St. Hudson lawsuit claims monetary damages of at least 4.4 million, plus interest,
costs, fees, and attorneys fees. 

3 

Lawsuit in connection with the Financial Advisory
Agreement 

On
October 6, 2022, Jinhe Capital Limited Jinhe filed a lawsuit against the Company in the United States District Court
for the Southern District of New York, asserting causes of actions for, among other things, breach of contract, breach of the covenant
of good faith and fair dealing, conversion, quantum meruit, and unjust enrichment, in connection with a financial advisory agreement
entered into by and between Jinhe and the Company on November 10, 2021. Jinhe claims monetary damages of at least 575,000 
and potentially exceeding 1.8 million, plus interest, costs, and attorneys fees. 

On January 10, 2023, St. Hudson lawsuit was consolidated with this lawsuit and Hexin lawsuit; on February 24, 2023, all three consolidated
actions were dismissed without prejudice by the court, in furtherance of the parties having reached an agreement in principle to settle
their disputes. 

Putative Class Action 

On
December 9, 2022, Piero Crivellaro, purportedly on behalf of the persons or entities who purchased or acquired publicly traded securities
of the Company between February 2021 and November 2022, filed a putative class action against the Company and other defendants in the
United States District Court for the Eastern District of New York, alleging violations of federal securities laws related to alleged false
or misleading disclosures made by the Company in its public filings. The plaintiff seeks unspecified damages, plus interest, costs, fees,
and attorneys fees. On February 7, 2023, two additional plaintiffs moved to be appointed as the lead class plaintiff in this action;
those motions remain under the Court s consideration. As this action is still in the early stage, the Company cannot predict the
outcome. 

In addition to the above litigations,
the Company is also subject to additional contractual litigations as to which it is unable to estimate the outcome. 

Government Investigations 

Following a publication of
the Hindenburg Report, the Company received subpoenas from the United States Attorney s Office for the Southern District of New
York and the United States Securities and Exchange Commission. The Company is cooperating with the government regarding these matters.
At this early stage, the Company is not able to estimate the outcome or duration of the government investigations. 

Recent Financings 

December 2021 Securities Purchase Agreement

On December 14, 2021, the
Company entered into a securities purchase agreement (the December 2021 SPA with certain non-U.S. investors and accredited
investors (the Investors pursuant to which the Company sold to the Investors an aggregate of 3,228,807 shares of common
stock and warrants to purchase 4,843,210 shares of common stock. The purchase price for each share of common stock and one and a half
warrants is 3.26, and the exercise price per warrant is 4.00. The warrants will be exercisable at any time during the period beginning
on or after June 14, 2022 and ending on or prior to 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on December 13, 2026; provided, however, that the total
number of the Company s issued and outstanding shares of common stock, multiplied by the Nasdaq official closing bid price of the
common stock shall equal or exceed 150,000,000 for a three consecutive month period prior to an exercise. This transaction is the subject
of the Investor Actions described above. 

On December 14, 2021, the
transaction contemplated by the December 2021 SPA closed because all the closing conditions of the agreement were satisfied. The issuance
and sale of the shares and warrants issued by the December 2021 SPA are exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act
pursuant to Regulation S promulgated thereunder. 

December 2021 Convertible Notes 

On December 19, 2021, the
Company issued two senior convertible notes (the December 2021 Convertible Notes to two non-U.S. investors for an aggregate
purchase price of 10,000,000. The December 2021 Convertible Notes bear interest at 5 annually and may be converted into shares of the
Company s common stock per share at a conversion price of 3.76 per share, the closing price of the common stock on December 17,
2021. The December 2021 Convertible Notes are unsecured senior obligations of the Company, and the maturity date of the convertible notes
is December 18, 2023. The Company may repay any portion of the outstanding principal, accrued and unpaid interest, without penalty for
early repayment. The Company may make any repayment of principal and interest in (a) cash, (b) common stock at the conversion price or
(c) a combination of cash or common stock at the conversion price. The investors may convert any conversion amount into common stock on
any date beginning on June 19, 2022. 

4 

At the investors request,
the Company prepaid 5,000,000 in aggregate of the principal amount, without interest, of the December 2021 Convertible Notes on March
8, 2022. On March 8, 2022, the Company issued two Amended and Restated Senior Convertible Notes (the March 2022 Amended and Restated
Convertible Notes to the investors to change the principal amount of the December 2021 Convertible Notes to 5,000,000. The terms
of the March 2022 Amended and Restated Convertible Notes are the same as that of the December 2021 Convertible Notes, except for the reduced
principal amount and the waiver of interest for the 5,000,000 payment made on March 8, 2022. 

January 2022 Warrant Purchase Agreement 

On January 6, 2022, the Company
entered into warrant purchase agreements with certain warrant holders (the Sellers pursuant to which the Company repurchased
an aggregate of 3,870,800 warrants (the January 2022 Warrants from the Sellers. These warrants were sold to these Sellers
in three previous transactions that closed on February 11, 2021, February 10, 2021, and March 14, 2018. The purchase price for each warrant
was 2.00. Following announcement of the warrant purchase agreement, on January 6, 2022, the Company repurchase an additional 103,200
warrants from other Sellers on the same terms as the previously announced warrant purchase agreements. The aggregate number of warrants
repurchased under the warrant purchase agreements was 3,974,000. 

On
January 7, 2022, the Company wired the purchase price to each Seller. Each Seller agreed to deliver the January 2022 Warrants to the Company
for cancellation as soon as practicable following the closing date, but in no event later than January 13, 2022 .
The January 2022 Warrants were deemed cancelled upon the receipt by the Sellers of the purchase price. 

Corporate History and Our Business Segments 

From inception in 2001 to
our fiscal year ended June 30, 2013, our sole business was providing shipping agency services. In general, we provided two types of shipping
agency services: loading/discharging services and protective agency services, in which we acted as a general agent to provide value added
solutions to our customers. For loading/discharging agency services, we received the total payment from our customers in U.S. dollars
and paid the port charges on behalf of our customers in RMB. For protective agency services, we charged a fixed amount as agent fee while
customers were responsible for the payment of port costs and expenses. 

In January 2016, we expanded
our business to include freight logistics services to provide import security filing services with the U.S. Customs and Department of
Homeland Security, on behalf of importers who ship goods into the U.S. and also provided inland transportation services to these importers
in the U.S. 

In the fiscal year ended June
30, 2017, we also expanded into container trucking services as new business sectors to provide related transportation logistics services
to customers in the U.S. and in China. 

As an effort to further diversify
our business, in the second quarter of the fiscal year ended June 30, 2018, we developed our bulk cargo container services segment. Bulk
cargo container shipment refers to using containers to ship commodities that are traditionally shipped by freight cargo. Freight cargo
rates are usually lower than container freight rates; however, the transit time is much longer and has high minimum quantity requirements.
We temporarily suspended this service in the fiscal year ended June 30, 2019 due to market environment factors in 2019, and we have discontinued
this service in light of the worldwide impact of the coronavirus pandemic. 

In the fiscal year ended June
30, 2018, we established a wholly owned subsidiary, Ningbo Saimeinuo Supply Chain Management Ltd., which is 100 owned by Sino-Global
Shipping New York Inc. SG Shipping NY ), a New York corporation and a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, and primarily
engages in transportation management and freight logistics services, including overseas shipping. 

Since the fiscal year ended
June 30, 2019, trade dynamics have made it more expensive for shipping carrier clients to cost-effectively move cargo into U.S. ports,
and as a result, we realized lower shipping volumes, which has caused us to shift our focus back to the shipping agency business. 

On January 10, 2020, the Company entered into a cooperation agreement
with Mr. Shanming Liang, a stockholder of the Company and set up a joint venture with Mr. Liang in New York named LSM Trading Ltd., in
which the Company holds a 40 equity interest. For the year ended June 30, 2022, the Company invested 210,000. The joint venture has
not commenced any business operations as of the date of this Report. 

5 

On July 7, 2020, the Company
effected a l-for-5 reverse stock split of its issued and outstanding shares of common stock. The split did not change the number of authorized
shares of common stock or preferred stock, or the par value of common stock or preferred stock. As a result, all the issued and outstanding
common stock share amounts included in this filing have been retroactively reduced by a factor of five, and all common stock per share
amounts have been increased by a factor of five. 

On December 14, 2020, the
Company incorporated a new entity named Blumargo IT Solution Ltd. Blumargo in the U.S. SG Shipping NY held an 80 ownership
interest in Blumargo, which was established in partnership with Tianjin Anboweiye Technology Co., to build up hi-tech and information-based
logistics services to meet the demand of its customers. On June 30, 2021, SG Shipping NY acquired the additional 20 from Tianjin
Anboweiye Technology Co. and increased its ownership to 100 . 

From
March to June 2021, the Company engaged in cryptocurrency mining in China. On March 2, 2021, the Company entered into a purchase agreement
with Hebei Yanghuai Technology Co., Ltd. Yanghuai for the purchase of 2,783 digital currency mining machines for a total
purchase price of approximately 4.6 million. After the purchase, Yanghuai would manage and operate the servers at its site
with no further charge from March 10, 2021 to March 9, 2022, after which time the Company may engage Yanghuai to continue providing service
for a fee. The first cash payment of approximately 0.9 million was paid within 15 days after the date of signing the Agreement. 

Over
the last two months of the Company s 2021 fiscal year, national and local governments in China started to restrict and ban cryptocurrency
mining operations, causing owners of mining machines to cease mining operations. Based on the amended agreement signed by the Company
and Yanghuai on September 17, 2021, the Company is not liable to perform under the remainder of the contract and has title to half of
the products. The Company recorded impairment for the mining equipment in the last quarter of 2021 in the amount of approximately 0.9 million.
 the two parties have restructured the Purchase Agreement to reduce the purchase price from RMB 30 million to RMB 6 million and
to allocate the purchased mining equipment between the Company and the Seller. The Seller transported digital currency mining machines
representing half of the agreed 50,440 terahashes per second (th/s) in computing power (or a total of 25,220 th/s in computing power)
to Ningbo, China first, and then shipped to the U.S. 

On April 21, 2021, the Company
set up a joint venture in Texas, U.S. under the name of Brilliant Warehouse Service Inc. to support its freight logistics
services in the U.S., pursuant to a cooperation agreement with Mr. Bangpin Yu. SG Shipping NY has a 51 equity interest in the joint venture. 

In July 2021, the Company
registered a new company, Gorgeous Trading Ltd. Gorgeous Trading ), which is 100 owned by SG Shipping NY. Gorgeous Trading
is mainly engaged in smart warehouse and related business in Texas. 

On August 31, 2021, the
Company formed a joint venture, Phi Electric Motor, Inc. in New York, which is 51 owned by SG Shipping NY. Phi Electric Motor, Inc. had
no operations as of the date of this Report. 

On September 29, 2021, the
Company formed a 100 owned subsidiary, SG Shipping Risk Solution Inc., in New York. On December 23, 2021, SG Shipping Risk
Solution Inc. formed SG Link LLC in New York, of which it is a 100 owner. As of the date of this Report, the two companies have had no
operations. 

On October 3, 2021, the Company
entered into a Strategic Alliance Agreement with HighSharp to establish a joint venture for collaborative engineering, technical development
and commercialization of a bitcoin mining machine under the name Thor Miner Inc., granting Thor Miner exclusive rights covering design
production, intellectual property, branding, marketing and sales. On October 11, 2021, Thor Miner was formed in Delaware, which is
51 owned by the Company and 49 owned by HighSharp. 

6 

On
December 31, 2021, the Company entered into a series of agreements to terminate its variable interest entity VIE structure
and deconsolidated its formerly controlled entity Sino-Global Shipping Agency Ltd. Sino-China ). The Company controlled
Sino-China through its wholly owned subsidiary Trans Pacific Shipping Limited. The Company made the decision to dissolve the VIE structure
and Sino-China because Sino-China has no active operations and the Company wanted to remove any potential risks associated with any VIE
structures. In addition, the Company dissolved its subsidiary Sino-Global Shipping LA, Inc. 

On April 10, 2022, the Company entered into a joint venture agreement
with Golden Mainland Inc., a Georgia corporation Golden Mainland to establish a joint venture for building Bitcoin mining
sites in Texas, Ohio, and other states. The joint venture has not been set up as of the date of this Report. The Company has no plan to
pursue this business. 

Our Corporate Structure 

The diagram below shows our
corporate structure as of the date of this Report. 

Unless otherwise indicated in the diagram, all the subsidiaries
of the Company are wholly owned. 

Our Customers 

Our main customers for the two fiscal years ended June 30, 2022 and
2021 is Chongqing Iron Steel Ltd. and SOSNY. For the years ended June 30, 2022 and 2021, Chongqing Iron Steel Ltd. accounted
for 45.6 and 94.4 of the Company s revenues, respectively. For the year ended June 30, 2022, SOSNY accounted for 27.9 of
the Company s gross revenue. 

Our Suppliers 

Our operations consist of
working directly with our customers to understand in detail their needs and expectations and then managing local suppliers to ensure that
our customers needs are met. 

For the year ended June 30, 2022, two suppliers accounted for approximately
26.3 and 24.1 of our total purchases, respectively. For the year ended June 30, 2021, two suppliers accounted for approximately 55.4 
and 28.6 of our total purchases, respectively. 

7 

Our Competition 

The market segment that we
now operate in, which is freight logistics services including warehouse services, does not have high entry barriers. In terms of our competition
in China, there are many companies ranging from small to large that provide freight logistics services, and the state-owned companies
in China generate a significant portion of the revenues in the industry. Our primary competitors in China are the China branches of international
shipping companies or their exclusive agents in China. These companies include Evergreen Marine Corp., Orient Overseas Container Line,
Ocean Network Express which includes Kawasaki Kisen Kaisha, Ltd, Mitsui O.S.K. Lines and Nippon Yusen Kabushiki Kaisha. The competition
is intense due to the significant excess capacity. These companies have greater service capabilities, a larger customer base and more
financial, marketing, network and human resources than we do. Most of them engage in a wide range of businesses and involve many aspects
of the industry chain. However, we focus on providing tailored solutions and value-added services to customers in freight logistic services.
As a boutique company with limited resources and history, we face intense competition. Our ability to grow in our industry depends on
(1) our deep understanding of the complexity of industry issues and challenges and (2) our ability to develop optimal solutions to respond
to the identified issues and provide effective problem-solving strategies to our targeted customers. 

In
terms of our competition in the United States, the freight logistics services industry is well developed, highly fragmented, and
competition is fierce nationwide. Our primary competitors in the U.S. are local warehouse services providers and freight
forwarding companies in Houston, for example, Bizto LLC, Golden Eagle Guns
LLC, and Smart Supply Chain. Competition in the freight logistics services industry is driven by factors such as price, service
quality, technology, and geographic reach. Companies that can offer a combination of these factors are often more competitive in the
market. Additionally, companies that can adapt to changing customer demands and market trends, such as the shift towards e-commerce,
are likely to be more successful in the long term. We aim at providing tailored and valued-added services for our international
clients with needs for U.S. domestic logistics services. 

Employees 

As of the date of this Report,
we have 39 full-time employees, 13 of whom are based in China and 26 are based in the United States. Of the total full-time employees,
nine are in management, 17 are in operations, nine are in finance and accounting related and four are in administration and technical
support. We believe that our relationship with our employees is good. We have never had a work stoppage, and our employees are not subject
to a collective bargaining agreement. 

Intellectual Property 

As
of the date of this Report, we do not have any registered patents, copyrights, or trademarks other than two pending trademark
applications for Thor and Thor Miner. We have seven registered domain names, including our corporate
website https://www.singularity.us/. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors. 

As a smaller reporting
company, we are not required to include risk factors in this Report. However, below is a number of material risks, uncertainties and other
factors that could have a material effect on the Company and its operations as a result of recent developments. You should carefully consider
the risks described below before purchasing our common stock. The risks highlighted here are not the only ones that we may face. For example,
additional risks presently unknown to us or that we currently consider immaterial or unlikely to occur could also impair our operations.
If any of the risks or uncertainties described below or any such additional risks and uncertainties actually occur, our business, prospects,
financial condition, or results of operations could be negatively affected, and you might lose all or part of your investment. 

We are, and may continue to be, subject
to litigation including individual and class action lawsuits, as well as investigations and enforcement actions by regulators and governmental
authorities. These matters are often expensive and time consuming, and, if resolved adversely, could harm our business, financial condition,
and operating results. 

As discussed in Item
1. Business Recent Developments, we are, and from time to time may become, subject to litigation and various legal proceedings,
including litigation and proceedings related to stockholder derivative suits, class action lawsuits and other matters, that involve claims
for substantial amounts of money or for other relief or that might necessitate changes to our business or operations. In addition to this,
we have been, currently are, and may from time to time become subject to, government and regulatory investigations, inquiries, actions
or requests, other proceedings and enforcement actions alleging violations of laws, rules, and regulations, both foreign and domestic.
The defense of these actions may be both time consuming and expensive. We evaluate these litigation claims and legal proceedings to assess
the likelihood of unfavorable outcomes and to estimate, if possible, the monetary amount of potential losses. Based on these assessments
and estimates, we may establish reserves and/or disclose the relevant litigation claims or legal proceedings, as and when required or
appropriate. These assessments and estimates are based on information available to management at the time of such assessment or estimation
and involve a significant amount of judgment. As a result, actual outcomes or losses could differ materially from those envisioned by
our current assessments and estimates. Our failure to successfully defend or settle any of these litigations or legal proceedings could
result in liability that, to the extent not covered by our insurance, could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition
and results of operations. 

8 

The scope, determination,
and impact of claims, lawsuits, government and regulatory investigations, enforcement actions, disputes, and proceedings to which we are
subject cannot be predicted with certainty, and may result in: 

substantial payments to satisfy judgments, fines, or penalties; 

substantial outside counsel, advisor, and consultant fees and costs; 

substantial administrative costs, including arbitration fees; 

loss of productivity and high demands on employee time; 

criminal sanctions or consent decrees; 

termination of certain employees, including members of our executive team; 

barring of certain employees from participating in our business in whole or in part; 

orders that restrict our business or prevent us from offering certain products or services; 

changes to our business model and practices 

delays to planned transactions, service launches or improvements; and 

damage to our brand and reputation. 

We are, and may continue to be, subject
to securities litigation, which is expensive and could divert management attention, cause harm to our reputation and result in significant
damages for which we could be responsible. 

We are subject to securities
class action litigation, which is expensive, could divert our management s attention, harm our reputation, and leave us liable for
substantial damages. For example, as discussed in Item 1. Business Recent Developments, on December 9, 2022, Piero
Crivellaro, purportedly on behalf of the persons or entities who purchased or acquired publicly traded securities of the Company between
February 2021 and November 2022, filed a putative class action against the Company, certain of our officers and directors, and other defendants
in the United States District Court for the Eastern District of New York, alleging violations of federal securities laws related to alleged
false or misleading disclosures made by the Company in its public filings. The plaintiff seeks unspecified damages, plus interest, costs,
fees, and attorneys fees. As this action is still in the early stage, the Company cannot predict the outcome, and certain of our
officers in the U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of New York. 

Litigation of this type could
result in substantial costs and diversion of management s attention and resources, which could adversely impact our business. Any
adverse determination in litigation could also subject us to significant liabilities. 

We are responsible for the indemnification
of our officers and directors. 

Should our officers and/or
directors require us to contribute to their defense, we may be required to spend significant amounts of our capital. Our Certificate of
Incorporation and bylaws also provide for the indemnification of our directors, officers, employees, and agents, under certain circumstances,
against attorney s fees and other expenses incurred by them in any litigation to which they become a party arising from their association
with or activities on behalf of our company. This indemnification policy could result in substantial expenditures, which we may be unable
to recoup. If these expenditures are significant or involve issues which result in significant liability for our key personnel, we may
be unable to continue operating as a going concern. 

9 

We depend on a limited number of major customers
who are able to exert a high degree of influence over us and the loss of a major customer could adversely impact our business. 

For the years ended June 30,
2022 and 2021, one customer, Chongqing Iron Steel Ltd., accounted for 60.8 and 89.7 of our revenues, respectively. There can be
no assurance that our major customer will continue to purchase our services in the same amount that it has in the past. The loss of our
major customer or a material reduction in sales to a major customer could have a material adverse effect on our sales and results of operations.
Additionally, given the high concentration of our customer base, a default by or a significant reduction in future transactions with our
major customer could materially reduce our revenues, profitability, liquidity and growth prospects. 

We depend on a limited number of suppliers
who are able to exert a high degree of influence over us and the loss of our major suppliers could adversely impact our business. 

For the year ended June 30,
2022, two suppliers accounted for approximately 26.3 and 24.1 of our total purchases, respectively. For the year ended June 30, 2021,
two suppliers accounted for approximately 55.4 and 28.6 of our total purchases, respectively. There can be no assurance that our major
suppliers will continue to supply us with the materials or services required to operate our business in the same amount that they have
in the past. The loss of our major suppliers or a material reduction in the materials or services they provide to us could have a material
adverse effect on our business and results of operations. 

Additionally, due to the unpredictable
nature of COVID-19 regulations in China, our suppliers based in China may be affected by COVID-19 related issues such as shutdowns and
delays. This may cause us to become unable to fulfill our customer orders on a timely basis, which may cause us to cancel orders and provide
refunds, as demonstrated in our settlement with SOSNY. 

The restatement of our prior financial statements
may affect investor confidence and raise reputational issues and may subject us to additional risks and uncertainties, including increased
professional costs and the increased possibility of legal proceedings and regulatory inquiries. 

As discussed in our Current
Form on Form 8-K filed on February 28, 2023, as amended by Amendment No. 1 filed on March 6, 2023, we determined to restate our financial
statements as of and for the year ended June 30, 2021, three and six months ended September 30, 2021 and three and nine months ended December
31, 2021 after we identified errors related to, incorrect accounting treatment of related party loan receivable, incorrect recognition
of revenue from freight shipping services and incorrect accounting treatment of recovery (provision) for doubtful accounts. As a result
of these errors and the resulting restatements of our financial statements for the impacted periods, we have incurred, and may continue
to incur, unanticipated costs for accounting and legal fees in connection with or related to the restatements, and have become subject
to a number of additional risks and uncertainties, including the increased possibility of litigation and regulatory inquiries. Any of
the foregoing may affect investor confidence in the accuracy of our financial disclosures and may raise reputational risks for our business,
both of which could harm our business and financial results. 

We have identified material weaknesses in
our internal control over financial reporting and have determined to restate our previously issued financial statements. If our remediation
of these material weaknesses is not effective, or if we fail to develop and maintain an effective system of disclosure controls and internal
control over financial reporting, our ability to produce timely and accurate financial statements or comply with applicable laws and regulations
could be impaired. In addition, the presence of material weaknesses increases the risk of a material misstatement of our consolidated
financial statements. 

As a public company, we are
required, pursuant to Section 404(a) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, to furnish a report by management on, among other things, the effectiveness
of our internal control over financial reporting in our Annual Report on Form 10-K. Effective internal control over financial reporting
is necessary for reliable financial reports and, together with adequate disclosure controls and procedures, such internal controls are
designed to prevent fraud. Any failure to implement required new or improved controls, or difficulties encountered in their implementation,
could cause our Company to fail to meet our reporting obligations. Ineffective internal controls could also cause investors to lose confidence
in reported financial information, which could have a negative effect on the trading price of our common stock. 

Our management s assessment
must include disclosure of any material weaknesses identified by management in our internal control over financial reporting. Our management s
assessment could detect problems with internal controls. Undetected material weaknesses in internal controls could lead to financial statement
restatements and require our Company to incur the expense of remediation. 

A material weakness is a deficiency
or combination of deficiencies in a company s internal control over financial reporting such that there is a reasonable possibility
that a material misstatement of its consolidated financial statements would not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. This deficiency
could result in additional misstatements to its consolidated financial statements that would be material and would not be prevented or
detected on a timely basis. 

As discussed in Item
9.A Controls and Procedures Disclosure Controls and Procedures, under the supervision and with the participation of our
management, we conducted an assessment of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of June 30, 2022. Based on the
foregoing evaluation, our Chief Operating Officer concluded that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures were not effective
due to ineffective internal controls over financial reporting that stemmed from the following material weaknesses for the year ended and
as of June 30, 2022: 

Lack of segregation of duties for accounting personnel who
prepared and reviewed the journal entries in some of the subsidiaries within the consolidation, lack of supervision, coordination and
communication of financial information between different entities within the Group; 

Lack of a full time U.S. GAAP personnel in the accounting
department to monitor the recording of the transactions which led to error in revenue recognition in previously issued financial statements; 

Lack of resources with technical competency to address, review
and record non-routine or complex transactions under U.S. GAAP; 

10 

Lack of management control reviews of the budget against
actual with analysis of the variance with a precision that can be explained through the analysis of the accounts; 

Lack of proper procedures in identifying and recording related
party transactions which led to restatement of previously issued financial statements (See Note 1 of the accompanying consolidated financial
statement footnotes); 

Lack of proper procedures to maintain supporting documents
for accounting record; and 

Lack of proper oversight for the Company s cash disbursement
process that led to misuse of the Company funds by its former executive. 

In order to remediate the
material weaknesses stated above, we intend to implement the following policies and procedures: 

Hiring additional accounting staff to report the internal financial timely; 

Hiring of CEO and CFO to properly set up the Company s internal control and oversight process; 

Reporting other material and non-routine transactions to the Board and obtain proper approval; 

Recruiting additional qualified professionals with appropriate levels of U.S. GAAP knowledge and experience to assist in resolving accounting issues in non-routine or complex transactions; 

Developing and conducting U.S. GAAP knowledge, SEC reporting and internal control training to senior executives, management personnel, accounting departments and the IT staff, so that management and key personnel understand the requirements and elements of internal control over financial reporting mandated by the U.S. securities laws; 

Setting up budgets and developing expectations based on understanding of the business operations, compare the actual results with the expectations periodically and document the reasons for the fluctuations with further analysis. This should be done by CFO and reviewed by CEO upon their communications with the Board; 

Strengthening our corporate governance; 

Setting up policies and procedures for the Company s related party identification to properly identify, record and disclose related party transactions; and 

Setting up proper procedures for the Company s fund disbursement process to ensure that cash is disbursed only upon proper authorization, for valid business purposes, and that all disbursements are properly recorded. 

We cannot provide assurance
that these or other measures will fully remediate our material weaknesses in a timely manner. If our remediation of these material weaknesses
is not effective, it may cause our Company to become subject to investigation or sanctions by the SEC. It may also adversely affect investor
confidence in our Company and, as a result, the value of our common stock. There can be no assurance that all existing material weaknesses
have been identified, or that additional material weaknesses will not be identified in the future. In addition, if we are unable to continue
to meet our financial reporting obligations, we may not be able to remain listed on Nasdaq. 

Our ability to maintain compliance with
Nasdaq continued listing requirements, including whether we are able to maintain the closing bid price of our common stock, could result
in the delisting of our common stock. 

Our common stock is currently
listed on The Nasdaq Capital Market Nasdaq ). To maintain this listing, we must satisfy minimum financial and other requirements. 

On May 24, 2022, the Company
received a delinquency notice from Nasdaq indicating that the Company was not in compliance with Nasdaq Listing Rule 5250(c)(1) due to
its delay in filing its Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2022. The Company was provided 60 days to submit
a plan to regain compliance. On July 25, 2022 and September 14, 2022, the Company submitted its Compliance Plan. Based on the review of
the Compliance Plan as well as telephone conversations with outside counsel to the Company and counsel to the Company s Special
Committee, the Staff has determined that the Company did not provide a definitive plan evidencing its ability to file the Reports within
the 180 calendar day period available to the Staff under the Nasdaq Listing Rules. 

On November 16, 2022, the
Company received an additional staff determination notice from Nasdaq, advising that it had not received the Company s Form 10-Q
for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2022, which served as an additional basis for delisting the Company s securities and
that the Panel will consider the additional deficiency in rendering a determination regarding the Company s continued listing on
Nasdaq. The Company has submitted to the Panel a plan to regain compliance with the continued listing requirements, including the filing
of the Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2022. 

On January 5, 2023, the Company
received a deficiency notice from Nasdaq informing the Company that its common stock, no par value, fails to comply with the 1 minimum
bid price required for continued listing on The Nasdaq Capital Market under Nasdaq Listing Rule 5550(a)(2) based upon the closing bid
price of the common stock for the 30 consecutive business days prior to the date of the notice from Nasdaq. The Company has been provided
an initial compliance period of 180 calendar days, or until July 5, 2023, to regain compliance with the minimum bid price requirement. 

11 

On February 21, 2023, the
Company received an additional staff determination notice from Nasdaq, advising that it had not received the Company s Form 10-Q
for the quarterly period ended December 31, 2022, which served as an additional basis for delisting the Company s securities. The
notice stated that the Panel will consider the additional deficiency in rendering a determination regarding the Company s continued
listing on Nasdaq. The Company has submitted to the Panel a plan to regain compliance with the continued listing requirements and has
been granted a grace period to file all the delinquent reports, including the filing of the Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended December
31, 2022, on or before February 28, 2023.Given we did not file all the Reports within the grace period granted by the Panel, we may be
delisted from Nasdaq. There can be also no assurance that our stock price will meet the minimum bid price requirement or we will meet
other requirements for continued listing on Nasdaq. If our common stock is delisted from Nasdaq and we are unable to list our common stock
on another national securities exchange, we expect our common stock would be quoted on an over-the-counter market. If this were to occur,
we and our stockholders could face significant material adverse consequences, including the limited availability of market quotations
for our common stock; substantially decreased trading in our common stock; decreased market liquidity of our common stock as a result
of the loss of market efficiencies associated with Nasdaq and the loss of federal preemption of state securities laws; an adverse effect
on our ability to issue additional securities or obtain additional financing in the future on acceptable terms, if at all; potential loss
of confidence by investors, suppliers, partners, and employees and fewer business development opportunities; and limited news and analyst
coverage. Additionally, the market price of our common stock may decline further, and stockholders may lose some or all of their investment. 

For additional risks relating
to our operations, see the section titled Risk Factors contained in our Registration Statement on Form S-3, filed with the
SEC on March 3, 2021 and other filings we file with the SEC from time to time. 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. 

The Company does not have
any unresolved or outstanding staff comments. 

Item 2. Properties. 

We currently rent six facilities
in the PRC and the United States. Our PRC headquarters is in Shanghai and our U.S. headquarters is in New York. 

Office 
 
 Address 
 
 Rental Term 
 
 Space 
 
 New York, USA 

98 Cutter Mill Rd 
 Suite 322 
 Great Neck, New York 11021 
 
 Expires 07/31/2026 
 
 3,033 ft 2 

Texas, USA 

6161 Savoy Dr 
 Suite 409 
 Houston, Texas 77036 
 
 Expires 07/31/2023 
 
 2,456 ft 2 

Texas, USA 

6161 Savoy Dr, 
 Suite 1040 
 Houston, Texas 77036 
 
 Expires 06/30/2024 
 
 954 ft 2 

Texas, USA 

12733 Stafford Road, 
 Suite 400 
 Stafford, Texas 77477 
 
 Expires 07/31/2024 
 
 46,463 ft 2 

Shanghai, PRC 

Rm 12D 12E, No.359 
 Dongdaming Road, 
 Hongkou District, 
 Shanghai, PRC 200080 
 
 Expires 12/31/2023 
 
 3,078 ft 2 

Ningbo, PRC 

B 525 Hebang Building, 
 North Tiantong Road 
 Ningbo, Zhejiang, PRC 315000 

Expires 07/06/2025 
 
 840 ft 2 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings. 

See Item 1. Business
 Recent Developments for a description of legal proceedings the Company is currently involved in, which is incorporated
herein by reference. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 

This item is not applicable
to the Company. 

12 

PART II 

Item 5. Market for Registrant s
Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 

Market for Our Common Stock 

Our common stock is traded
on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol SGLY. 

Holders of Our Common Stock 

As of March 3, 2023, there
were 20 holders of record of our common stock. This number does not include stockholders who hold their shares of common stock in street
name. 

Dividend Policy 

We have never declared or
paid any cash dividends on our common stock. We anticipate that we will retain any earnings to support operations and to finance the growth
and development of our business. Therefore, we do not expect to pay cash dividends in the foreseeable future. Any future determination
relating to our dividend policy will be made at the discretion of our Board and will depend on a number of factors, including future earnings,
capital requirements, financial conditions and future prospects and other factors the Board may deem relevant. Payments of dividends by
our PRC subsidiaries to our company are subject to restrictions including primarily the restriction that foreign invested enterprises
may only buy, sell and/or remit foreign currencies at those banks authorized to conduct foreign exchange business after providing valid
commercial documents. 

Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities
and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

None. 

Item 6. [Reserved] 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis
of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 

The following discussion
and analysis of the Company s financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our consolidated
financial statements and the related notes included elsewhere in the Report. This discussion contains forward-looking statements that
involve risks and uncertainties. Actual results and the timing of selected events could differ materially from those anticipated in these
forward-looking statements as a result of various factors. 

Overview 

We previously focused on providing customized freight logistics services,
but starting in 2017, we began exploring new opportunities to expand our business and generate more revenue. These opportunities ranged
from complementary businesses to other new service and product initiatives. In the fiscal years 2021 and 2022, while we continued to provide
our freight logistics business, we expanded our services to include warehousing services provided by our US subsidiary Brilliant Warehouse
Service Inc. On January 3, 2022, we changed our corporate name to Singularity Future Technology Ltd. to align with our entry into the
digital assets business through our U.S. subsidiaries. During 2022, we engaged in purchases and sales of cryptocurrency mining machines
through our U.S. subsidiaries. 

For the fiscal year ended June
30, 2022, we operated in two operating segments, including (1) freight logistics services, through our subsidiaries in the U.S and PRC;
and (2) purchase and sales of crypto mining machines, through our subsidiary Thor Miner. For the year ended June 30, 2021, the Company
also engaged in shipping agency and management services, which were carried out by its subsidiary in the U.S. The Company no longer operates
in the shipping agency segment because it did not receive any new orders for its services due to the uncertainty of the shipping management
market which was negatively impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic. 

Recent Developments 

The following events had a
material impact on our financial statements. For other recent developments, see Item 1. Business Recent Developments. 

13 

On
January 10, 2022, Thor Miner entered into a purchase agreement with HighSharp. Pursuant to the agreement, Thor Miner agreed to purchase
certain cryptocurrency mining equipment from HighSharp. In January and April 2022, Thor Miner made a total prepayment of 35,406,649 for
the order. Thor Miner also entered into a PSA with SOSNY for the purchase of 200,000,000 in crypto mining rigs and received deposit
form SOSNY in the amount of 48,930,000. 

Due to production issue from HighSharp,
Thor Miner was not able to timely deliver the products to SOSNY according to the delivery terms of the PSA and was sued by SOSNY for breach
of contract on December 9, 2022. On December 23, 2022, the Company entered into the Settlement Agreement with SOSNY pursuant to which
the Company paid 13.0 million to SOSNY in exchange for SOSNY dismissing the lawsuit and will transfer any additional funds it receives
from HighSharp to SOSNY in an amount not to exceed 40,560,569. 

As of December 22, 2022, the balance of advance to HighSharp and deposit
from SOSNY amounted to 27,927,583 and 40,560,569, respectively. Thor Miner paid 13.0 million on December 28, 2022 to SOSNY and wrote
off the balance of the deposit it received from SOSNY and the balance of its payment to HighSharp. 

Restatement
of Previously Issued Financial Statements 

From March to June 2019, the
Company s subsidiary Trans Pacific Logistic Shanghai Ltd Trans Pacific Shanghai received approximately 6.2 million
(RMB 40 million) from a related party, Shanghai Baoyin Industrial Co., Ltd. Shanghai Baoyin ), to pay for accounts receivable
of six different customers totaling RMB 40 million. Shanghai Baoyin is 30 owned by Wang Qinggang, the CEO and legal representative of
Trans Pacific Shanghai. Trans Pacific Shanghai subsequently paid RMB 20 million and RMB 10 million to Zhangjiakou Baoyu Trading Co. Ltd. Baoyu ), a third party, in April 2019 and July 2019, respectively, and it made an additional payment of RMB 10 million to
Hebei Baoxie Trading Co., Ltd. Hebei Baoxie ), a third party, in July 2019. 

As such, for the fiscal year
ended June 30, 2019, accounts receivable was understated by RMB 40 million, advance to supplier was overstated by RMB 20 million, and
other payables from Shanghai Baoyin, a related party, were understated by RMB 20 million. There was an overstatement of RMB 20 million
in total assets and an understatement of total liabilities of RMB 20 million. 

During the fiscal year ended
June 30, 2021, Hebei Baoxie repaid a total of RMB 10 million to Trans Pacific Shanghai, and Trans Pacific Shanghai advanced the RMB 10
million to Shanghai Baoyin. The RMB 10 million paid to Shanghai Baoyin was recorded as other receivable, and the RMB 30 million advance
to Baoyu was reclassified from an advance to supplier to other receivable. The Company provided a full allowance of its receivables totaling
RMB 40 million. The Company evaluated this transaction and determined there is no impact on its assets, liabilities, or retained earnings
as of June 30, 2020. 

During the fiscal year ended
June 30, 2021, Baoyu repaid a total of RMB 30 million to Trans Pacific Shanghai. The RMB 30 million received was recorded as recovery
of bad debt. Trans Pacific Shanghai then loaned the same amount to Shanghai Baoyin. Shanghai Baoyin subsequently repaid RMB 4 million
to Trans Pacific Shanghai, and Trans Pacific Shanghai loaned the same amount to Wang Qinggang. The RMB 30 million received was recorded
as recovery of bad debt for other receivable and the RMB 30 million paid was recorded as a related party loan receivable. 

The Company analyzed the transactions
and determined the RMB 30 million was originally from Shanghai Baoyin and eventually paid back to the same related parties. Recovery of
bad debt and related party loan receivable was overstated by RMB 30 million for the fiscal year 2021. 

The Company restated its fiscal
year 2021 financial statements to restate related party loans receivable and bad debt recovery. 

Effects of the restatement are as follows: 

As Previously Reported 
 Adjustments 
 As Restated 
 
 Consolidate balance sheet as of June 30, 2021 

Loan receivable - related parties 
 4,644,969 
 (4,644,969 
 - 
 
 Total assets 
 52,803,116 
 (4,644,969 
 48,158,147 

14 

As 
 Previously 
 Reported 
 Adjustments 
 As Restated 
 
 Consolidated Statement of Stockholder s Equity as of June 30, 2021 

Accumulated deficit 
 (30,244,937 
 (4,076,825 
 (34,321,762 
 
 Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) 
 (625,449 
 (103,647 
 (729,096 
 
 Non-controlling Interest 
 (6,951,134 
 (464,497 
 (7,415,631 
 
 Total equity 
 47,069,142 
 (4,644,969 
 42,424,173 

As 
 Previously 
 Reported 
 Adjustments 
 As Restated 
 
 Consolidated statement of oeprations for the year ended June 30, 2021 

Recovery (provision) for doubtful accounts, net 
 321,168 
 (4,529,806 
 (4,208,638 
 
 Net loss 
 (6,773,047 
 (4,529,806 
 (11,302,853 
 
 Other comprehensive loss - foreign currency 
 (488 
 (115,163 
 (115,651 
 
 Comprehensive loss 
 (6,773,535 
 (4,644,969 
 (11,418,504 

As 
 Previously 
 Reported 
 Adjustments 
 As Restated 
 
 Consolidated statement of cash flow for the year ended June 30, 2021 

Cash flows from operating activities: 

Net loss 
 (6,773,047 
 (4,529,806 
 (11,302,853 
 
 (Recovery)/ Provision for doubtful accounts 
 (321,168 
 4,529,806 
 4,208,638 
 
 Other receivable 
 4,227,239 
 (4,529,806 
 (302,567 

Cash flows from investing activities: 

Loan receivable - related parties 
 (4,529,806 
 4,529,806 
 - 

Impact
of COVID-19 

The outbreak of the COVID-19
starting from late January 2020 in the PRC has spread rapidly to many parts of the world. In March 2020, the World Health Organization
declared the COVID-19 as a pandemic. Given the continually expanding of COVID-19 pandemic in China and United States, our business, results
of operations, and financial condition are still adversely affected. 

In early December 2022, Chinese
government eased the strict control measure for COVID-19, which has led to surge in increased infections and disruption in our business
operations. Any future impact of COVID-19 on the Company s China operation results will depend on, to a large extent, future developments
and new information that may emerge regarding the duration and resurgence of COVID-19 variants and the actions taken by government authorities
to contain COVID-19 or treat its impact, almost all of which are beyond our control. 

The impacts of COVID-19 on
our business, financial condition, and results of operations include, but are not limited to, the following: 

Our customers have been negatively impacted by the pandemic, which reduced their demand for freight logistics services. As a result, our revenue for the year ended June 30, 2022 was down by approximately 1.2 million, or 22.6 . 

Due to travel restrictions between US and China, our new business development for existing segments or new ventures has been slowed down. 

Our sales of crypto mining machines were materially adversely affected by COVID-19. Specifically, Crypto mining machine manufacturers have been impacted by the constrained supply of the semiconductors used in the production of the highly specialized crypto mining machines; COVID-related issues have exacerbated port congestion and intermittent supplier shutdowns and delays, resulting in delayed shipments and additional expenses to expedite delivery; as a result, we were unable to fulfil our customer orders on a timely basis, resulting cancellation of orders and partial refund of purchase price, as evident from the settlement in SOSNY. 

15 

We have been, and may continue
to be, negatively impacted by the ongoing COVID-19, which may continually impact our cost of freight, or result in higher cost of revenue,
which may in turn materially adversely affect our financial condition and operating results in coming months. 

Any future impact of COVID-19
on the Company s operation results will depend on, to a large extent, future developments and new information that may emerge regarding
the duration and resurgence of COVID-19 variants and the actions taken by government authorities to contain COVID-19 or treat its impact,
almost all of which are beyond our control. 

Results of Operations 

Comparison of the Years Ended June 30, 2022 and 2021 

The following table sets forth
the results of our operations for the periods indicated: 

For the Years Ended June 30, 

2022 
 2021(restated) 
 Change 

US 
 
 US 
 
 US 

Revenues 
 3,988,415 
 100.0 
 5,151,032 
 100.0 
 1,162,617 
 (22.6 
 
 Cost of revenues 
 4,136,474 
 103.7 
 4,974,394 
 96.6 
 (837,920 
 (16.8 
 
 Gross margin 
 (3.7 
 N/A 
 3.4 
 N/A 
 (7.1 
 N/A 
 
 Selling expenses 
 385,890 
 9.7 
 297,906 
 5.8 
 87,984 
 29.5 
 
 General and administrative expenses 
 9,301,784 
 233.2 
 5,605,670 
 108.8 
 3,696,114 
 65.9 
 
 Impairment loss of Cryptocurrencies 
 170,880 
 4.3 
 - 
 0.0 
 170,880 
 100.0 
 
 Impairment loss of fixed assets and right of use asset 
 1,006,305 
 25.2 
 855,230 
 16.6 
 151,075 
 17.7 
 
 Provision for doubtful accounts, net of recovery 
 1,613,504 
 40.5 
 4,208,638 
 81.7 
 (2,595,134 
 (61.7 
 
 Stock-based compensation 
 10,064,622 
 252.3 
 - 
 0.0 
 10,064,622 
 100.0 
 
 Total costs and expenses 
 26,679,459 
 668.9 
 15,941,838 
 309.5 
 10,737,621 
 67.4 

Revenues 

Revenues decreased by 1,162,617, or approximately 22.6 , to 3,988,415
for the year ended June 30, 2022 from 5,151,032 for the year ended June 30, 2021. The decrease was primarily due to decrease in shipping
agency and management services and freight logistics services. 

The following tables present summary information
by segments for the years ended June 30, 2022 and 2021: 

For the Year Ended June 30, 2022 

Shipping 
 Agency and 
 Management 
 Services 
 Freight 
 Logistics 
 Services 
 Sales of 
 Crypto 
 Mining 
 Machines 
 Total 
 
 Net revenues 
 - 
 3,830,615 
 157,800 
 3,988,415 
 
 Cost of revenues 
 - 
 4,136,474 
 - 
 4,136,474 
 
 Gross profit 
 - 
 (305,859 
 157,800 
 (148,059 
 
 Depreciation and amortization 
 - 
 512,586 
 21,052 
 533,638 
 
 Total capital expenditures 
 - 
 840,319 
 34,199 
 874,518 
 
 Gross margin 
 - 
 (8.0 
 100.0 
 (3.7 

Including related party revenue of 222,963 from Zhejiang Jinbang Fuel
Energy Co., Ltd for the year ended June 30, 2022. 

16 

For the Year Ended June 30, 2021 

Shipping Agency and Management Services 
 Freight Logistics Services 
 Sales of 
 Crypto 
 Mining 
 Machines 
 Total 
 
 Net revenues 
 206,845 
 4,944,187 
 - 
 5,151,032 
 
 Cost of revenues 
 176,968 
 4,797,427 
 - 
 4,974,394 
 
 Gross profit 
 29,878 
 146,760 
 - 
 176,638 
 
 Depreciation and amortization 
 299,934 
 36,300 
 - 
 336,234 
 
 Total capital expenditures 
 136,076 
 407,954 
 - 
 554,030 
 
 Gross margin 
 14.4 
 3.0 
 - 
 3.4 

Changes For the Years Ended June 30, 2022 and 2021 

Shipping Agency and Management Services 
 Freight Logistics Services 
 Sales of Crypto Mining Machines 
 Total 
 
 Net revenues 
 (100.0 
 (22.5 
 - 
 (22.6 
 
 Cost of revenues 
 (100.0 
 (13.8 
 - 
 (16.8 
 
 Gross profit 
 (100.0 
 (308.4 
 - 
 (183.8 
 
 Depreciation and amortization 
 (100.0 
 1312.1 
 - 
 58.7 
 
 Total capital expenditures 
 (100.0 
 106.0 
 100.0 
 57.8 
 
 Gross margin 
 (14.4 
 (11.0 
 100.0 
 (7.1 

Disaggregated information of revenues by geographic
locations are as follows: 

For the Years Ended 

June 30, 
 June 30, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 PRC 
 2,982,691 
 4,921,022 
 
 U.S. 
 1,005,724 
 230,010 
 
 Total revenues 
 3,988,415 
 5,151,032 

Revenues 

Shipping Agency and Management Services 

For the years ended June 30,
2022 and 2021, we did not generate any revenue from shipping agency and management services as we did not receive any new orders for our
services due to the uncertainty of the shipping management market which was negatively impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic. 

Freight Logistics Services 

Freight logistics services primarily consist of cargo forwarding, brokerage,
warehouse and other freight services. Revenues from freight logistics services were 3,830,615 for the year ended June 30, 2022, a decrease
of 1,113,572, or approximately 22.5 , as compared to 4,944,187 for the year ended June 30, 2021. 

This decrease in revenue was mainly due to a decrease of approximately
 1.9 million from the transportation services of our PRC operations where demand was impacted by various business disruptions due to the
resurgence of COVID-19 variants which caused a decrease in spending by our major customers. The decrease was offset by approximately 0.8
million of warehouse and logistics services that we started to provide in the fiscal year 2022 through our subsidiaries, Gorgeous Trading
Ltd. and Brilliant Warehouse Service, Inc. 

17 

Sales of Crypto Mining Machines 

On January 10, 2022, Thor Miner entered into the PSA with SOSNY, a
wholly owned subsidiary of SOS Ltd. Pursuant to the PSA, Thor Miner agreed to sell to SOSNY certain cryptocurrency mining hardware and
other equipment. The total purchase price was 200,000,000 and the purchase was expected to be completed under separate purchase orders.
Thor Miner made two shipments in June 2022 and we recognized net revenue of 157,800. We recognized the sales of cryptocurrency
mining equipment based on a net basis as the manufacturer of the products is responsible for shipping and custom clearing for the products.
Gross revenue and the gross cost of revenue amounted to 1,483,320 and 1,325,520, respectively, for the year ended June 30, 2022. 

Cost of Revenues 

Cost
of revenues for our freight logistics services segment mainly consisted of freight costs to various freight carriers, cost of labor,
warehouse rent and other overhead and sundry costs. Cost of revenues for our freight logistics services segment was 4,136,474 for the
year ended June 30, 2022, a decrease of 660,953, or approximately 13.8 , as compared to 4,797,427 for the year ended June 30, 2021
as a result of the decrease in freight costs of our PRC operations caused by the decrease in shipping volume due to the pandemic. 

Our gross margin was (3.7 and 3.4 for the years ended June 30, 2022
and 2021, respectively. This decrease in gross margin in freight logistics segment was mainly due to rising costs for our PRC operations
as we are not able to negotiate better price with our freight carrier due to decrease in volume. In addition, we started our warehouse
services this year and we have higher fixed costs including warehouse rent and salaries when we are developing the business. 

Our cost of revenue for the
sale of crypto-mining equipment was nil as we recognized revenue on a net basis and hence the higher margin which increased the Company s
margin of (8.0) from freight logistics segment to (3.7 ). 

Operating Costs and Expenses 

Operating costs and expenses increased by 10,737,621
or approximately 67.4 from 26,679,459 for the year ended June 30, 2022 compared to 15,941,838 for the year ended June 30, 2021. This
increase was mainly due to the increase in selling expenses, stock-based compensation, general and administrative expenses and impairment
expenses as more fully discussed below. 

Selling Expenses 

Our selling expenses consisted
primarily of salaries and travel expenses for our sales representatives. For the year ended June 30, 2022, we had 385,890 in selling
expenses, as compared to 297,906 for the year ended June 30, 2021, which represents an increase of 87,984 or approximately 29.5 . The
increase was due to an increase of marketing expenses of approximately 0.2 million to promote our freight logistics business. 

General and Administrative Expenses 

Our general and administrative
expenses consist primarily of salaries and benefits, travel expenses for our administration department, office expenses, and regulatory
filing and professional service fees for auditing, legal and IT consulting. For the year ended June 30, 2022, we had 9,301,784 general
and administrative expenses, as compared to 5,605,670 for the year ended June 30, 2021, representing an increase of 3,696,114, or approximately
65.9 . This significant increase was mainly due to the increase in salaries, wages and office related costs of approximately 3.0 million
as we hired more employees and rented new warehouses for our subsidiaries Gorgeous Trading Ltd. and Brilliant Warehouse Service, Inc.
This was also due to additional professional fees of approximately 0.5 million mainly fees made for the Company s special investigation. 

Impairment Loss of Cryptocurrencies 

We recorded 170,880 in impairment
loss for the year ended June 30, 2022 due to a recent price drop in bitcoin, which the Company deemed a triggering event for impairment
testing. 

18 

Impairment Loss of Fixed Assets and Right of
Use Assets 

We performed our annual goodwill
impairment analysis as of June 30, 2022 and concluded we had approximately 1.0 million in impairment loss for fixed assets and right
of use assets, as our carrying value exceeds the fair value. The fair values are determined by income approach where projected future
cash flows discounted at rates commensurate with the risks involved, Discounted Cash Flow or DCF of the income
approach). Assumptions used in a DCF analysis require the exercise of significant judgment, including judgment about appropriate discount
rates and terminal values, growth rates, and the amount and timing of expected future cash flows. 

We recorded impairment loss
of 855,230 for the year ended June 30, 2021 primarily for our mining equipment due to a regulation change in China that banned cryptocurrency
mining. 

Provision for Doubtful Accounts, Net of Recovery 

Our total bad debt expenses amounted to approximately 2.0 million,
mostly because we estimated that we cannot timely collect the advances we made to certain related parties, which includes approximately
 1.3 million to Shanghai Baoyin which is 30 owned by Wang Qinggang, and approximately 0.6
million in advances to LSM trading Ltd, of which we hold a 40 ownership interest . The advances were non-interest bearing and due
on demand. We had net recovery of other receivable of approximately 0.4 million from other receivable as we continued collection of the
receivables that were previously reserved. We had approximately 4.2 million of provision for the fiscal year 2021 for our accounts receivable
and long-term deposits, representing a decrease of 2,595,134, or approximately 61.7 . 

Stock-based Compensation 

Stock-based compensation was 10,064,622 for the year ended June
30, 2022, an increase of 10,064,622 or 100.0 , as compared to nil for the year ended June 30, 2021 due to stock grants to our directors,
employees and consultants in the fiscal year 2022. 

Loss from disposal of subsidiaries and VIE 

On
December 31, 2021, the Company entered into a series of agreements to terminate its VIE structure and deconsolidated its formerly controlled
entity Sino-China. The Company controlled Sino-China through its wholly owned subsidiary Trans Pacific Beijing. The Company made the decision
to dissolve the VIE structure and Sino-China because Sino-China has no active operations and the Company wanted to remove any potential
risks associated with any VIE structures. The Company also dissolved its subsidiary Sino-Global Shipping LA, Inc., and on March 14, 2022,
the Company discontinued its subsidiary Sino-Global Shipping Canada, Inc. The total loss of three disposals amounted to approximately
 6.1 million. Since these entities did not have any active operations prior to their disposal, the disposal did not represent a strategic
change in the Company s business. As such, the disposal was not presented as a discontinued operation. 

Other Expenses, Net 

Other
expenses, net for the year ended June 30, 2022 mainly consists of interest expenses for our convertible debts of approximately 0.1 million
and other finance charges, net of interest earned. Total other expenses, net was approximately
 0.5 million for the year ended June 30, 2021 
which mainly consisted of a settlement payment
loss of a dispute on cooperative profit sharing of approximately 0.8 million, offset by the PPP loan forgiveness which we recorded as
a gain of approximately 0.1 million and the income generated from cryptocurrencies mining of approximately 0.3 million. 

Taxes 

Our income tax expenses amounted
to nil and 3,450 for the years ended June 30, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

We have incurred a cumulative
U.S. federal net operating loss NOL of approximately 12,543,000 as of June 30, 2021, which may reduce future federal
taxable income. During the year ended June 30, 2022, approximately 9,700,000 of NOL was generated and the tax benefit derived from such
NOL was approximately 2,000,000. 

Our operations in China incurred a cumulative a cumulative NOL of approximately
 6,026,000 as of June 30, 2021, which was mainly from Sino-China which we disposed of during the year ended June 30, 2022. During the
year ended June 30, 2022, we generated an additional NOL of approximately 4,845,000. As of June 30, 2022, our PRC subsidiaries 
cumulative NOL amounted to approximately 1,283,000 which may reduce future taxable income and will expire by 2026. 

19 

We periodically evaluate the
likelihood of the realization of deferred tax assets and reduce the carrying amount of the deferred tax assets by a valuation allowance
to the extent we believe a portion will not be realized. Management considers new evidence, both positive and negative, that could affect
our future realization of deferred tax assets, including our recent cumulative earnings experience, expectations of future income, the
carry forward periods available for tax reporting purposes and other relevant factors. We determined that it is more likely than not that
our deferred tax assets would not be realized due to uncertainty for future earnings due to the Company s reorganization and venture
into new businesses. We provided a 100 allowance for deferred tax assets as of June 30, 2022. The net decrease in valuation for the year
ended June 30, 2022 amounted to approximately 1.0 million based on management s reassessment of the amount of our deferred tax assets
that are more likely than not to be realized. 

Net Loss 

As a result of the foregoing,
we had a net loss of 28,928,369 for the year ended June 30, 2022, compared to 11,302,853 for the year ended June 30, 2021. After the
deduction of non-controlling interest, net loss attributable to us was 28,257,830 for the year ended June 30, 2022, compared to 10,900,168
for the same period in 2021. Comprehensive loss attributable to us was 27,482,995 for the year ended June 30, 2022, as compared to 10,545,234
for the year ended June 30, 2021. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

Cash Flows and Working Capital 

As of June 30, 2022, we had
 55,833,282 in cash (including cash on hand and cash in bank). The majority of our cash is in banks located in the U.S. 

On December 19, 2021, the
Company issued two convertible notes to two non-U.S. investors for an aggregate purchase price of 10,000,000 (the December 2021
Convertible Notes ). 

The
December 2021 Convertible Notes bear interest at 5 annually and may be converted into shares of the Company s common stock at a
conversion price of 3.76 per share. At the investors request, we prepaid 5,000,000 in the aggregate principal amount, without
interest, of the December 2021 Convertible Notes on March 8, 2022. Interest for the principal of 5,000,000 repaid was waived. 

As of June 30, 2022, we had
the following loans outstanding: 

Loans 
 Maturities 
 Interest 
 rate 
 June 30, 2022 
 
 Convertible Notes 
 December 2023 
 5 
 5,000,000 

The following table sets forth
a summary of our cash flows for the periods as indicated: 

For the Years Ended June 30, 

2022 
 2021 

Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities 
 5,918,070 
 (8,679,918 
 
 Net cash used in investing activities 
 (3,581,676 
 (1,510,379 
 
 Net cash provided by financing activities 
 8,351,964 
 54,200,082 
 
 Effect of exchange rate fluctuations on cash 
 307,607 
 696,350 
 
 Net increase in cash 
 10,995,965 
 44,706,135 
 
 Cash at the beginning of period 
 44,837,317 
 131,182 
 
 Cash at the end of period 
 55,833,282 
 44,837,317 

The following table sets forth a summary
of our working capital: 

June 30, 
 June 30, 

2022 
 2021 
 Variation 

Total Current Assets 
 63,165,462 
 46,867,350 
 16,298,112 
 34.8 
 
 Total Current Liabilities 
 25,212,959 
 5,343,649 
 19,869,310 
 371.8 
 
 Working Capital 
 37,952,503 
 41,523,701 
 (3,571,198 
 (8.6 
 
 Current Ratio 
 2.51 
 8.77 
 (6.26 
 (71.4 

20 

In assessing the liquidity, we monitor and analyze our cash on-hand
and our operating and capital expenditure commitments. Our liquidity needs are to meet our working capital requirements, operating expenses
and capital expenditure obligations. As of June 30, 2022, our working capital was approximately 38.0 million and we had cash of approximately
 55.8 million. We believe our current working capital is sufficient to support our operations and debt obligations as they become due
within one year from the date of this Report. 

Operating Activities 

Our net cash provided by operating
activities was approximately 5.9 million for the year ended June 30, 2022. The operating cash outflow for the year ended June 30, 2022
was primarily attributable to our net loss of approximately 28.9 million, adjusted by non-cash stock-based compensation of approximately
 10.0 million, loss on disposal of subsidiaries and VIE of approximately 6.1 million and provision for doubtful accounts of approximately
 1.6 million. We had an increase in cash inflow of other receivables of approximately 1.4 million and we received a total of 47.0 million
from SOSNY, approximately 34.1 million was advanced payment for the sale of cryptocurrency mining machines while we are to refund SOSNY
 13.0 million in December 2022. Our cash inflow was decreased by an advance to a related party supplier of approximately 34.1 million
which was for the purchase of cryptocurrency mining machines. 

Our net cash used in operating activities was approximately 8.7 million
for the year ended June 30, 2021. The operating cash outflow for the year ended June 30, 2021 was primarily attributable to our net loss
of approximately 11.3 million, consisting of non-cash items including approximately 0.4 million in depreciation and amortization, approximately
 0.9 million in impairment and approximately 4.2 million in allowance for deposit. We had an increase in advances to suppliers - third
parties as we made deposits to our freight carriers of approximately 0.8 million, and a decrease in accrued expenses and other current
liabilities of approximately 1.1 million offset by a decrease in other receivables of approximately 0.3 million as we collected our
outstanding balances. 

Investing Activities 

Net cash used in investing activities was approximately 3.5 million
for the year ended June 30, 2022 due to the acquisition of property and equipment of approximately 0.9 million and an investment of approximately
 0.2 million to a 40 owned joint venture. We made an additional loan of 0.5 million to Wang Qinggang, a related party to the Company,
and CEO and legal representative of Trans Pacific Shanghai which is due in June 2024. We also made
related party advances of approximately 1.9 million, which includes 1.3 million to Shanghai
Baoyin which is 30 owned by Wang Qinggang, and approximately 0.6 million in advances to LSM Trading Ltd, of which we hold a 40 
ownership interest. 

Net cash used in investing
activities was approximately 1.5 million for the year ended June 30, 2021 due to the acquisition of property and equipment. 

Financing Activities 

Net cash provided by financing
activities was approximately 8.3 million for the year ended June 30, 2022 due to issuances of common stock in private placements of approximately
 10.5 million and proceeds from convertible notes of 10 million, repayment of convertible notes of 5.0 million and warrant repurchase
of approximately 7.9 million. We also had cash from warrants exercise of approximately 0.9 million and repayment of Economic Injury
Disaster Loan. 

Net cash provided by financing
activities was approximately 54.2 million for the year ended June 30, 2021 due to cash proceeds received from issuances of common stock
to private investors of approximately 52.8 million and cash proceeds received from issuances of preferred stock to a private investor
of approximately 1.4 million. 

21 

Critical Accounting Estimates 

The
preparation of financial statements and related disclosures in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles and the Company s
discussion and analysis of its financial condition and operating results require the Company s management to make judgments, assumptions
and estimates that affect the amounts reported. Note 2, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies of the notes to the financial
statements included elsewhere in this Report describe the significant accounting policies and methods used in the preparation of the Company s
consolidated financial statements. There have been no material changes to the Company s critical accounting estimates since the
date of this Report. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 

None. 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative
Disclosures about Market Risk. 

Not applicable. 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary
Data. 

The Company s financial
statements and the related notes, together with the report of Audit Alliance LLP, are set forth following the signature pages of this
Report. 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants
on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 

None. 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 

Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

As of June 30, 2022, the Company
carried out an evaluation, under the supervision of and with the participation of its management, including the Company s Chief
Operating Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures. Based on
the foregoing evaluation, the Chief Operating Officer concluded that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures (as defined
in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) were not effective to ensure that the information required to be disclosed by
the Company in the reports it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time
periods specified in the applicable rules and forms due to ineffective internal controls over financial reporting as more fully described
below. 

Management s Annual Report on Internal
Control over Financial Reporting 

The Company s management
is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under
the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. The Company s internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes
in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. The Company s internal control over financial reporting includes those
policies and procedures that: 

pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the Company s assets; 

provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP, and that the Company s receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with the authorization of its management and directors; and 

provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the Company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

22 

Management conducted an assessment
of the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on the criteria set forth in Internal Control
 Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework). Based on
the Company s assessment, management has concluded that its internal control over financial reporting was not effective due to the
following material weaknesses for the year ended and as of June 30, 2022: 

Lack of segregation of duties for accounting personnel who prepared and reviewed the journal entries in some of the subsidiaries within the consolidation, lack of supervision, coordination and communication of financial information between different entities within the Group; 

Lack of a full time U.S.
 GAAP personnel in the accounting department to monitor the recording of the transactions which led to error in revenue recognition
 in previously issued financial statements; 

Lack of resources with technical competency to address, review and record non-routine or complex transactions under U.S. GAAP; 

Lack of management control reviews of the budget against actual with
analysis of the variance with a precision that can be explained through the analysis of the accounts; 

Lack of proper procedures in identifying and recording related party
transactions which led to restatement of previously issued financial statements (See Note 1 of the accompanying consolidated financial
statement footnotes); 

Lack of proper procedures to maintain supporting documents for accounting
record; and 

Lack of proper oversight for the Company s
cash disbursement process that led to misuse of the Company funds by its former executive. 

A material weakness is a deficiency,
or a combination of deficiencies, within the meaning of PCAOB Auditing Standard AS 2201, in internal control over financial reporting,
such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the Company s annual or interim financial statements
will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. 

In order to remediate the
material weaknesses stated above, we intend to implement the following measures, policies and procedures: 

Hiring additional accounting staff to report the internal financial timely; 

Hiring of CEO and CFO to properly set up the Company s internal
control and oversight process; 

Reporting other material and non-routine transactions to the Board and obtain proper approval; 

Recruiting additional qualified professionals with appropriate levels of U.S. GAAP knowledge and experience to assist in resolving accounting issues in non-routine or complex transactions; 

Developing and conducting U.S. GAAP knowledge, SEC reporting and internal control training to senior executives, management personnel, accounting departments and the IT staff, so that management and key personnel understand the requirements and elements of internal control over financial reporting mandated by the U.S. securities laws; 

Setting up budgets and developing expectations based on understanding
of the business operations, compare the actual results with the expectations periodically and document the reasons for the fluctuations
with further analysis. This should be done by CFO and reviewed by CEO upon their communications with the Board; 

Strengthening our corporate governance; 

Setting up policies and procedures for the Company s related
party identification to properly identify, record and disclose related party transactions; and 

Setting up proper procedures for the Company s fund disbursement
process to ensure that cash is disbursed only upon proper authorization, for valid business purposes, and that all disbursements are properly
recorded. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial
Reporting 

There has been no change in
our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the quarter ended June 30, 2022 that has materially affected, or is
reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

Item 9B. Other Information. 

None. 

Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions
that Prevent Inspections. 

None. 

23 

PART
III 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers
and Corporate Governance. 

Name 
 Age 
 Positions Held 
 
 Jing Shan 
 32 
 Chief Operating Officer 
 
 Heng Wang 
 55 
 Non-executive Vice Chairman of the Board 
 
 Tieliang Liu 
 62 
 Director 

Jing
Shan 

Ms. Shan has been our Chief
Operating Officer since her appointment in August 2021. From July 2019 to July 2021, Ms. Shan was a financial service professional at
Northwestern Mutual, an insurance company. Prior to that, she was the COO at LineMoney Inc., a financial technology company, from December
2016 to July 2019. From August 2016 to December 2016, she was an analyst at Wall Street IPO Consultation Inc. Ms. Shan received a Master
of Science in Public Relations and Corporate Communication from New York University and a Bachelor s degree in Landscape Architecture
from Beijing Forestry University. 

Heng Wang 

Mr. Wang has been our director since 2021. Mr.
Wang has served as the Senior Manager of Charles Schwab Corporation, an investment management and financial services company, since October
2020. From July 2006 to October 2020, Mr. Wang served as a Consultant for TD Ameritrade Inc, a financial services company. From November
2017 to July 2018, he served as the Director at Longfin Corp., a financial technology consulting and service firm. Mr. Wang received
a Master s degree in Computer Information Science from the New Jersey Institute of Technology in July 1991, and he received a Bachelor s
degree in Computer Science from Fudan University in Shanghai, PRC in July 1990. Mr. Wang has been selected to serve as our director because
of his expertise in financial technology. 

Tieliang Liu 

Dr. Liu has been our director
since 2013. Since 2001, he has served as the vice president in charge of accounting and finance to China Sun-Trust Group Ltd., a state-owned
investment company in China. Dr. Liu was a financial controller for Huaxing Group Ltd, a state-owned material trading company in China,
from 1998 to 2001. From 1996 through 1998, he was the chief accountant of China Enterprise Consulting Co., Ltd., a state-owned investment
consulting company in China. Before working in the finance and accounting industry, Dr. Liu taught accounting and finance in a university
for more than ten years and has published dozens of books and articles. He received a PhD, master s and bachelor s degrees
in accounting from Tianjin University of Finance and Economics. Dr. Liu has been chosen to serve as a director because of his accounting
and business knowledge and experience in working with small and medium-sized companies. 

Involvement in Certain Legal Proceedings 

To the best of our knowledge, none of our current directors or executive
officer has been convicted in a criminal proceeding, excluding traffic violations or similar misdemeanors, or has been a party to any
judicial or administrative proceeding during the past ten years that resulted in a judgment, decree or final order enjoining the person
from future violations of, or prohibiting activities subject to, federal or state securities laws, or a finding of any violation of federal
or state securities or commodities laws, any laws respecting financial institutions or insurance companies, any law or regulation prohibiting
mail or wire fraud in connection with any business entity or been subject to any disciplinary sanctions or orders imposed by a stock,
commodities or derivatives exchange or other self-regulatory organization, except for matters that were dismissed without sanction or
settlement. 

Board Diversity Matrix 

Pursuant to the Nasdaq s
Board Diversity Rules, below is the Company s board diversity matrix outlining diversity statistics regarding our Board. 

Board
 Diversity Matrix as of March 3, 2023 
 
 Total Number of Directors 
 2 

Female 
 Male 
 Non-Binary 
 Did Not 
 Disclose 
 Gender 
 
 Part I: Gender Identity 

Directors 
 
 2 

Part II: Demographic Background 

Asian 
 
 2 

24 

Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports 

Section 16(a) of the Exchange
Act requires that our executive officers and directors, and persons who own more than ten percent of our common stock, file reports of
ownership and changes in ownership with the SEC. Executive officers, directors and greater-than-ten percent stockholders are required
by SEC regulations to furnish us with all Section 16(a) forms they file. Based solely on our review of the copies of the forms received
by us and written representations from certain reporting persons that they have complied with the relevant filing requirements, we believe
that, during the year ended June 30, 2022, all of our executive officers, directors and greater-than-ten percent stockholders complied
with all Section 16(a) filing requirements, except that, due to administrative errors, the following forms were filed late: 

Qiu Shi filed a Form 4 on February 25, 2022 to report transactions that occurred on February 9, 2022. 

Jing Shan filed a Form 4 on February 16, 2022 to report transactions that occurred on February 9, 2022. 

Lei Nie filed a Form 4 on August 20, 2021 to report transactions that occurred on August 13, 2021. 

Tieliang Liu filed a Form 4 on August 19, 2021 to report transactions that occurred on August 13, 2021. 

Zhikang Huang filed a Form 4 on August 19, 2021 to report transactions that occurred on August 13, 2021. 

Xiaohuan Huang filed a Form 4 on August 19, 2021 to report transactions that occurred on August 13, 2021. 

Tuo Pan filed a Form 4 on August 19, 2021 to report transactions that occurred on August 13, 2021. 

Lei Cao filed a Form 4 on August 19, 2021 to report transactions that occurred on August 13, 2021. 

Jing Wang filed a Form 4 on August 19, 2021 to report transactions that occurred on August 13, 2021. 

Code of Ethics 

We have adopted a code of business conduct and ethics that applies
to all of our employees, officers and directors, including those officers responsible for financial reporting. The code of business conduct
and ethics is available at our website at www.singularity.us . We expect that any amendments to the code, or any waivers of its
requirement, will be disclosed on our website. 

Committees of the Board of Directors 

Our Board has three standing
committees: an Audit Committee, a Compensation Committee and a Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee. The composition and function
of each committee are described below. 

Audit Committee 

The Audit Committee consists of Tieliang Liu and Heng Wang, who are
each independent. Mr. Liu chairs the Audit Committee and qualifies as the audit committee financial expert. Our Audit Committee has adopted
a written charter, and a copy of this charter is posted on the Company s website, at www.singularity.us . Under such
charter, our Audit Committee is authorized to: 

prepare and publish an annual Committee report as required by the SEC to be included in the Company s annual proxy statement; 

discuss with management and the independent auditor the annual audited financial statements and quarterly financial statements, including the Company s disclosures under Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and other matters required to be reviewed under applicable legal, regulatory, professional or NASDAQ requirements; 

discuss with management and the independent auditor, as appropriate, any audit problems or difficulties and management s response; 

25 

discuss with management the Company s risk assessment and risk management policies, including the Company s major financial risk exposure and steps taken by management to monitor and mitigate such exposure; 

review the Company s financial reporting and accounting standards and principles, significant changes in such standards or principles or in their application and the key accounting decisions affecting the Company s financial statements, including alternatives to, and the rationale for, the decisions made; 

review and approve the internal corporate audit staff functions, including: (i) purpose, authority and organizational reporting lines; (ii) annual audit plans, budget and staffing; and (iii) concurrence in the appointment, termination, compensation and rotation of the audit staff; 

review, with such members of management as the Committee deems appropriate, the Company s internal system of audit and financial controls and the results of internal audits; 

obtain and review at least annually a formal written report from the
independent auditor delineating: the auditing firms internal quality-control procedures; any material issues raised within the preceding
five years by the auditing firms internal quality-control reviews, by peer reviews of the firm, or by any governmental or other inquiry
or investigation relating to any audit conducted by the firm. The Committee will also review steps taken by the auditing firm to address
any findings in any of the foregoing reviews. Also, in order to assess auditor independence, the Committee will review at least annually
all relationships between the independent auditor and the Company; 

set policies for the hiring of employees or former employees of the Company s independent auditor and, at least annually, evaluate the qualifications, performance and independence of the independent auditors, including an evaluation of the lead audit partner; and to assure the regular rotation of the lead audit partner at our independent auditors and consider regular rotation of the accounting firm serving as our independent auditors; 

review and investigate any matters pertaining to the integrity of management, including conflicts of interest, or adherence to standards of business conduct as required in the policies of the Company. This should include regular reviews of the compliance processes in general. In connection with these reviews, the Committee will meet, as deemed appropriate, with the general counsel and other Company officers or employees; 

retain such outside counsel, experts and other advisors as the Committee may deem appropriate in its sole discretion; 

review at least annually the adequacy of this charter and recommend any proposed changes to the Board for approval and assume additional responsibilities and take additional actions as may be delegated to it by the Board; 

establish procedures for the receipt, retention and treatment of complaints on accounting, internal accounting controls or auditing matters, as well as for confidential, anonymous submissions by Company employees of concerns regarding questionable accounting or auditing matters; 

conduct any investigation appropriate to fulfilling its responsibilities contained in this charter, communicate directly with the independent audit firm and any employee of the Company, and conduct its activities in accordance with the policies and principles contained in the Company s Corporate Governance Principles. 

Compensation
Committee 

The Compensation Committee has two members who are independent directors,
including Heng Wang and Tieliang Liu. Our Compensation Committee has adopted a written charter, and a copy of this charter is posted
on our website, at www.singularity.us . Our Compensation Committee is authorized to: 

review and determine the compensation arrangements for management; 

establish and review general compensation policies with the objective to attract and retain superior talent, to reward individual performance and to achieve our financial goals; 

review and determine our stock incentive and purchase plans; 

oversee the evaluation of the board of directors and management; and 

review the independence of any compensation advisers. 

26 

Nominating and
Corporate Governance Committee 

The
Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee has two members that are independent directors, Heng Wang and Tieliang Liu. Heng Wang serves
as the chair of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee. Our Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee has adopted a written
charter, and a copy of this charter is posted on our website, at www.singularity.us. The functions of our Governance Committee,
among other things, include: 

identifying individuals qualified to become board members
 and recommending directors; 

nominating board members for committee membership; 

developing and recommending to our board corporate
 governance guidelines; 

reviewing and determining the compensation arrangements
 for directors; and 

overseeing the evaluation of our Board and its committees
 and management. 

Compensation
Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation 

None
of the members of our Compensation Committee, at any time, has been one of our officers or employees, or, during the last fiscal year,
was a participant in a related-party transaction that is required to be disclosed. None of our executive officers currently serves, or
in the past year has served, as a member of our Board or Compensation Committee of any entity that has one or more executive officers
on our Board or Compensation Committee. 

Item 11.
Executive Compensation. 

The
following table shows the annual compensation paid by us to Mr. Lei Cao, our former Chief Executive Officer and Chairman, Ms. Yang Jie,
our former Chief Executive Officer and director, Ms. Tuo Pan, our former Chief Financial Officer, Mr. Zhikang Huang, our former Vice
President, and Mr. Jing Shan, our Chief Operating Officer for the years ended June 30, 2022 and 2021. 

Name 
 Year 
 Salary 
 Bonus 
 Securities-
 based Compensation 
 All
 other Compensation 
 Total 
 
 Lei Cao, 
 2021 
 425,000
 (1) 
 300,000 
 - 
 - 
 725,000 
 
 Former Chief
 Executive Officer (1)(6) 
 2022 
 426,609
 (2) 
 800 
 - 
 - 
 427,409 

Tuo Pan, 
 2021 
 175,999 
 100,000 
 574,000 
 - 
 849,999 
 
 Former
 Chief Financial Officer (2)(7) 
 2022 
 302,973 
 800 
 - 
 - 
 303,773 

Zhikang Huang, 
 2021 
 125,000 
 50,000 
 495,200 
 - 
 634,200 
 
 Former
 Vice President and Director (3)(8) 
 2022 
 275,000 
 800 
 - 
 - 
 275,800 

Jing Shan, 
 2021 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Chief
 Operating Officer (4) 
 2022 
 143,333 
 800 
 - 
 - 
 144,133 

Yang
 Jie, (5) 
 2021 
 208,333 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 208,333 
 
 Former Chief Executive Officer
 and director (9) 
 2022 
 500,000 
 800 
 - 
 - 
 500,800 

(1) 
 According to the Employment
 Agreement dated January 1, 2019, Mr. Cao s annual salary was 260,000, effective January 1, 2019. According to the Employment
 Agreement dated November 1, 2021, Mr. Cao s annual salary was 500,000, effective November 1, 2021. 

(2) 
 According
 to the Employment Agreement dated January 1, 2019, Ms. Pan s annual salary was 100,000, effective
 January 1, 2019. According to the Employment Agreement dated November 1, 2021, Ms. Pan s annual
 salary was 400,000, effective November 1, 2021. 

(3) 
 According to the Employment
 Agreement dated January 1, 2019, Mr. Huang s annual salary was 150,000, effective January 1, 2019. 

(4) 
 According to the Employment Agreement dated August 5, 2021, Ms. Shan s annual salary was 120,000, effective August 5, 2021. According to the Employment Agreement dated February 8, 2022, Ms. Shan s annual salary was 200,000, effective February 8, 2022 and was raised to 250,000 since August 15, 2022. Pursuant to the cancellation agreement entered into on December 28, 2022, Ms. Shan agreed to return to the Company for cancellation 100,000 shares of common stock of the Company granted to her for her services as an officer of the Company. The shares are being cancelled. 

(5) 
 Pursuant to the cancellation agreement entered into on December 19, 2022, Mr. Jie agreed to return to the Company for cancellation 300,000 shares of common stock of the Company granted to him for his services as an officer of the Company. The shares have been cancelled. 

27 

(6) 
 On
 November 1, 2021, Mr. Cao, retired from his position as the Company s Chief Executive Officer.
 Mr. Cao resigned from the Board on January 9, 2023. Pursuant to the separation agreement entered
 into on January 9, 2023, Mr. Cao agreed to forfeit and return to the Company for cancellation 600,000
 shares of common stock of the Company granted to him on August 13, 2021 under the terms of the 2014
 Equity Incentive Plan of the Company. The shares are being cancelled. 

(7) 
 On August 31, 2022, Ms.
 Pan was terminated for cause as an employee and Chief Financial Officer of the Company and from any other position at any subsidiary
 of the Company to which she has been appointed. Ms. Pan was terminated for cause in accordance with the terms of her Employment Agreement
 dated November 9, 2021 and did not receive any salary or benefits from the Company except those earned through August 31, 2022. 

(8) 
 On November 1, 2021, Mr.
 Huang resigned from his position as a member of the Board of the Company. 

(9) 
 On August 9, 2022, Mr.
 Jie resigned as Chief Executive Officer and director, following the Board s decision on August 8, 2022, which adopted the Special
 Committee s recommendation that Mr. Jie be suspended immediately. 

Outstanding
Equity Awards of Named Executive Officers at Fiscal Year-End 

None. 

Director Compensation

The table below sets forth the compensation received by our directors in the year ended June 30, 2022. 

Name (1) 
 
 Fees earned or
 
 paid in cash 
 ) 

Stock
 
 awards 
 ) 

Option 
 awards 
 ) 

All other
 
 compensation 
 ) 

Total
 
 ) 

John
 Levy (3) 

33,333 

- 

- 

30,435 
 (2) 

63,768 

Heng Wang 

30,000 

- 

- 

21,304 
 (2) 

51,304 

Tieliang
 Liu 

35,000 

57,400 

- 

- 

92,400 

Xiaohuan
 Huang (4) 

25,000 

57,400 

- 

- 

82,400 

Jing Wang (5) 

20,000 

434,400 

- 

- 

454,400 

(1) 
 This table does not include
 Mr. Lei Cao, our former Chief Executive Officer and former director, Mr. Zhikang Huang, our former director and Vice President, and
 Mr. Yang Jie, our former Chief Executive Officer and director whose compensation is fully reflected in the Summary Compensation Table.

(2) 
 Represents compensation
 paid to Mr. Levy and Mr. Wang for their services as Chairman and member of the Special Committee, respectively, for May and June,
 2022. 

(3) 
 On February 23, 2023, Mr.
 John Levy resigned as a director of the Board and member of the Audit Committee, Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee
 and the Compensation Committee. 

(4) 
 On
 November 1, 2021, Ms. Huang resigned as a director. 

(5) 
 On
 November 18, 2021, Mr. Wang resigned as a director. 

28 

Employment Agreements

The
Company has an employment agreement with Jing Shan, our Chief Operating Officer. The employment agreement began on February 8, 2022 and
will terminate on August 4, 2024. The term shall automatically be extended for a one-year period in the absence of notice of non-renewal
provided at least 30 days prior to the anniversary date of the employment agreement. Under the terms of the employment agreement, Ms.
Shan will receive a base salary of 200,000 per year. Her performance and salary are subject to review at any time, and any increases
in her salary that our Board may determine, shall be made on a basis consistent with the standard practices of our Company. On August
15, 2022, the Board approved an increase of Ms. Shan s annual salary from 200,000 to 250,000 and a cash bonus of 50,000 upon
conclusion of the investigation of the Special Committee. 

Item 12.
Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 

Security Ownership
of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management 

 The
following table sets forth certain information regarding our shares of common stock beneficially owned as of March 3, 2023, for (i) each
named executive officer and director, and (ii) all executive officers and directors as a group. As of March 3, 2023, there was no stockholder
known to be the beneficial owner of 5 or more of our outstanding shares of common stock. A person is considered to beneficially own
any shares: (i) over which such person, directly or indirectly, exercises sole or shared voting or investment power, or (ii) of which
such person has the right to acquire beneficial ownership at any time within 60 days through an exercise of stock options or warrants.
Unless otherwise indicated, voting and investment power relating to the shares shown in the table for our directors and executive officers
is exercised solely by the beneficial owner or shared by the owner and the owner s spouse or children. In the table below, percentage
ownership is based on 21,944,333 shares of our common stock issued and outstanding as of March 3, 2023. 

Name
 and Address of Beneficial Owner (1) 
 Number
 of 
 Shares 
 Beneficially 
 Owned 
 Approximate 
 Percentage of 
 Outstanding 
 Shares of 
 Common 
 Stock 

Jing Shan 
 - 
 - 
 
 Tieliang Liu 
 38,000 

Heng Wang 
 - 
 - 

All directors and executive
 officers as a group (three individuals) 
 38,000 

Less than 1 . 

(1) 
 The individual s
 address is c/o Singularity Future Technology, Ltd., 98 Cutter Mill Road, Suite 311, Great Neck, New York 11021. 

29 

Securities Authorized for Issuance to Our Officers,
Directors, Employees and Consultants under Equity Compensation Plans 

The below table reflects, as
of June 30, 2022, the number of shares of common stock authorized by our stockholders to be issued (directly or by way of issuance of
securities exercisable for or convertible into) as incentive compensation to our officers, directors, employees and consultants. 

Plan category 
 Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants and rights (a) 
 Weighted- average exercise price of outstanding options, warrants and rights 
(b) 
 Number of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans (excluding securities reflected in column (a)) (c) 
 
 Equity compensation plans under the 2008 Incentive Plan approved by security holders 
 2,000 
 10.05 
 47,781 (1) 

Equity compensation plans under the 2014 Incentive Plan approved by security holders 
 - 
 - 
 110,000 (1) 

Equity compensation plans under the 2021 Incentive Plan approved by security holders 
 - 
 - 
 9,800,000 (1) 

Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders 
 - 
 - 
 - 

(1) 
 Pursuant to our 2008 Incentive Plan, we are authorized to issue options to purchase 60,581 shares of our common stock. The 2,000 outstanding options disclosed in the above table are taken from the 2008 Incentive Plan. Pursuant to our 2014 Incentive Plan, we are authorized to issue, in the aggregate, 2,000,000 shares of common stock or other securities convertible or exercisable for common stock. We have granted options to purchase an aggregate of 30,000 shares of common stock under the 2014 Incentive Plan in July 2016, among which, options to purchase 15,000 shares of common stock have been exercised. In addition, we have issued, in the aggregate, 120,000 shares of common stock to consultants to our Company in 2014, 132,000 shares of common stock to our officers and directors in 2016, 132,000 shares of common stock to our officers and directors in 2018, 26,000 to three employees in 2017 and 316,000 shares of common stock to employees in 2018 under the 2014 Incentive Plan. On September 2021, the board granted 1,020,000 shares of common stock to our officers and directors under the 2014 Incentive Plan. Accordingly, we may issue options to purchase 47,781 shares under the 2008 Incentive Plan, and we may issue 110,000 and 10,000,000 shares of common stock or other securities convertible or exercisable for common stock under the 2014 Incentive Plan and the 2021 Incentive plan respectively. Pursuant to certain agreements, the 600,000 shares issued to Lei Cao under the 2014 Incentive Plan, and the 300,000 and 100,000 shares issued to Yang Jie and Jing Shan, respectively, under the 2021 Incentive Plan, were canceled or being canceled. 

I tem 13.
Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 

Related Transactions 

Set forth below
are our transactions with related persons for the years ended June 30, 2022 and 2021. 

Advance to Related Party Suppliers 

The Company s
advances to suppliers related party are as follows: 

June 30, 
 June 30, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Bitcoin mining hardware and other equipment
 (1) 
 6,153,546 
 - 
 
 Total Advances to suppliers-related party 
 6,153,546 
 - 

(1) On January 10, 2022, the Company s
joint venture, Thor Miner, entered into a Purchase Agreement with HighSharp. Pursuant to the Purchase Agreement, Thor Miner agreed to
purchase certain crypto mining equipment. In January and April 2022, Thor Miner made a total prepayment of 35,406,649 for the order. Thor
Miner also entered into a PSA with SOSNY for the purchase of 200,000,000 in crypto mining rigs and received deposit form SOSNY in the
amount of 48,930,000. 

The
Company shipped crypto mining machines worth 1,325,520 to SOSNY for the year ended June 30, 2022 and 6,153,546 from July to December
2022. Due to production issues from HighSharp, Thor Miner was not able to timely deliver the full quantity of crypto mining
machines to SOSNY pursuant to the PSA and was sued by SOSNY for breach of contract on December 9, 2022. 

The Company entered
into a settlement agreement SOSNY effective on December 28, 2022, under which the Company repaid 13.0 million to SOSNY and terminated
the PSA and balance of the deposits. The Company also assigned to SOSNY the right for the deposit that Thor Miner has paid to HighSharp. 

As of December 22, 2023, the balance of advance to HighSharp and deposit from SOSNY amounted to 27,927,583 and 40,560,569, respectively. Thor Miner paid 13.0 million on December 23, 2022 to SOSNY which was received by SOSNY on December 28, 2023 and wrote off the balance of the deposit it received from SOSNY and the balance of its payment to HighSharp resulting in net bad debt expenses of 367,014. 

30 

Due From
Related Party, Net 

As
of June 30, 2022 and June 30, 2021, the outstanding amounts due from related parties consist of the following: 

June 30, 
 June 30, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Tianjin Zhiyuan Investment Group Co., Ltd. (1) 
 - 
 384,331 
 
 Zhejiang Jinbang Fuel Energy Co., Ltd (2) 
 415,412 
 430,903 
 
 Shanghai Baoyin Industrial Co., Ltd (3) 
 1,306,004 
 - 
 
 LSM Trading Ltd (4) 
 570,000 
 - 
 
 Rich Trading Co. Ltd (5) 
 103,424 
 - 
 
 Cao Lei (6) 
 54,860 

Less: allowance for doubtful accounts 
 (2,449,700 
 (384,331 
 
 Total 
 - 
 430,903 

(1) 
 In June 2013, the Company signed a five-year global logistic service
 agreement with Tianjin Zhiyuan Investment Group Co., Ltd. Zhiyuan Investment Group and TEWOO Chemical Light
 Industry Zhiyuan Trade Co., Ltd. (together with Zhiyuan Investment Group, Zhiyuan ). Zhiyuan Investment Group is owned
 by Mr. Zhong Zhang, a former stockholder of the Company. In September 2013, the Company executed an inland transportation management
 service contract with the Zhiyuan Investment Group whereby it would provide certain advisory services and help control potential
 commodities loss during the transportation process. Starting in late 2020, Mr. Zhang started selling off his shares of the Company
 and did not own shares of the Company as of June 30, 2021 and was no longer a related party. Management s reassessed the collectability
 and decided to provide full allowance for doubtful accounts as of June 30, 2021. The Company wrote off the balance in the first quarter
 of fiscal year 2022. 

(2) 
 During third fiscal quarter of 2021, the Company advanced
 477,278 to Zhejiang Jinbang Fuel Energy Co., Ltd Zhejiang Jinbang which is 30 owned by Mr. Wang Qinggang, CEO
and legal representative of Trans Pacific Shanghai and Zhejiang Jinbang returned 39,356 for the year ended June 30, 2021. The advance
is non-interest bearing and due on demand. There has been no change in the balance other than changes as a result of changes in exchange
rates. The Company provided allowance of 415,412 for the year ended June 30, 2022. 

(3) 
 From
July to December 2021, the Company advanced approximately 1.6 million to Shanghai Baoyin which is 30 owned by Wang Qinggang, CEO
and legal representative of Trans Pacific Shanghai. Shanghai Baoyin repaid approximately 0.3 million in December 2022. The advance
is non-interest bearing and due on demand. The Company provided allowance of 1,306,004 for the year ended June 30, 2022. 

(4) 
 The Company advanced 570,000 to LSM Trading Ltd, which is 40 owned by the Company for the year ended June 30, 2022. The advance is non-interest bearing and due on demand. The Company provided allowance of 570,000 for the year ended June 30, 2022. 

(5) 
 
 On November 16, 2021, the Company entered into a project cooperation
agreement with Rich Trading Co. Ltd USA Rich Trading for the trading of computer equipment. Rich Trading s bank
account was controlled by now-terminated members of the Company s management and was, at the time,
an undisclosed related party. According to the agreement, the Company was to invest 4.5 million in the trading business operates by Rich
Trading and the Company would be entitled to 90 of profit generated by the trading business. The Company advanced 3,300,000 for this
project. 3,200,000 has been returned to the Company. The Company provided allowance of 100,000 for the year ended June 30, 2022.
As of June 30, 2022, the Company also paid for expenses of Rich Trading for 3,424 and provided full allowance for the advance. 

(6) The amount represents advance for business expenses to Mr.
Cao Lei, former Chairman of the Board. The Company provided allowance of 54,860 for the year ended June 30, 2022. Business expenses
incurred by Cao Lei amounted to 66,842 and 120,934 for the years ended June 30, 2022 and 2021. 

Loan Receivable- Related Parties (Restated) 

As of June 30, 2022 and June
30, 2021, the outstanding loan receivable from related parties consists of the following: 

June 30, 

June 30, 

2022 

2021 

Wang Qinggang (1) 

552,285 

- 

(1) On June 10, 2021, the
Company entered into a loan agreement with Wang Qinggang, CEO and legal representative of Trans Pacific Logistic Shanghai Ltd. The loan
is non-interest bearing for loan amount up to 630,805 (RMB 4 million). In February 2022, Wang Qinggang, borrowed
and repaid 232,340 of the loan amount. In June 2022, additional 552,285 (RMB 3,700,000) was loaned to Wang Qinggang with due
date of June 7, 2024. The outstanding loan was fully repaid in December 2022. 

31 

Other Payable Related Party 

As
of June 30, 2021, the Company had payable to former Chief Executive Officer of 11,303 and to the acting Chief Financial Officer
of 2,516 which were included in other current liabilities. These payments were made on behalf of the Company for the daily
business operational activities. 

Revenue - Related Party 

For
the year ended June 30, 2022, revenue from related party, Zhejiang Jinbang , amounted
to 222,963. There was no related party revenue for the year ended June 30, 2021. 

Director Independence 

Our Board has determined that
each of Messrs. Tieliang Liu and Heng Wang is an independent director as defined by the applicable SEC rules and Nasdaq
Listing Rules. 

Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and
Services. 

Audit Fees 

During the fiscal year of 2022,
Audit Alliance s fees for the annual audit of our financial statements and the quarterly reviews of the financial statements included
in our periodic reports were 458,000. 

During the fiscal year of 2021,
Audit Alliance s fees for the annual audit of our financial statements and the quarterly reviews of the financial statements included
in our periodic reports were 325,000. 

Audit-Related Fees 

None. 

Tax Fees 

None. 

All Other Fees 

None. 

Audit Committee Pre-Approval Policies 

Before Audit Alliance LLP
was engaged by the Company to render audit or non-audit services, the engagement was approved by the Company s audit committee.
All services rendered by Audit Alliance LLP have been preapproved by the Company s audit committee. 

32 

Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules. 

Number 
 
 Exhibit 
 
 3.1 
 
 Articles
 of Incorporation of Singularity Future Technology, Ltd. (1) 
 
 3.2 
 
 Certificate
 of Amendment to the Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of Singularity Future Technology Ltd. (2) 
 
 3.3 
 
 Articles
 of Amendment to the Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of Singularity Future Technology Ltd. (3) 
 
 3.4 
 
 Bylaws of Singularity Future Technology, Ltd. (4) 
 
 4.1 
 
 Specimen
 Certificate for Common Stock (4) 
 
 4.2 
 
 Form
 of Series A Warrant to purchase Common Stock dated March 12, 2018 (5) 
 
 4.3 
 
 Form
 of Series B Warrant to purchase Common Stock dated March 12, 2018 (6) 
 
 4.4 
 
 Form
 of Common Stock Purchase Warrant dated September 2020 (7) 
 
 4.5 
 
 Form
 of Warrant to purchase Common Stock (8) 
 
 4.6 
 
 Form
 of Warrant, dated December 14, 2021 (9) 
 
 10.1 
 
 Employment
 Agreement by and between Ms. Jing Shan and Sino-Global Shipping America, Ltd., dated as of August 5, 2021 (10) 
 
 10.2 
 
 The
 Company s 2021 Stock Incentive Plan (11) 
 
 10.3 
 
 Strategic
Alliance Agreement by and between Shenzhen HighSharp Electronic Ltd. And the Company, dated October 3, 2021 (12) 
 
 10.4 
 
 Offer
 Letter by and between Mr. Heng Wang and the Company, dated as of November 1, 2021 (13) 
 
 10.5 
 
 Form
 of Warrant, dated as of December 2021 (14) 
 
 10.6 
 
 Form
 of Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of December 2021 (15) 
 
 10.7 
 
 Form
 of Senior Convertible Note, dated as of December 2021 (16) 
 
 10.8 
 
 Form
 of Warrant Purchase Agreement, dated as of January 2022 (17) 

10.9 
 
 Purchase
 and Sale Agreement by and between Thor Miner, Inc. and the Company, dated January 10, 2022 (18) 
 
 10.10 
 
 Employment
 Agreement by and between Ms. Jing Shan and the Company, dated February 8, 2022 (19) 
 
 10.11 
 
 Form
 of Amended and Restated Senior Convertible Note, dated as of March 2022 (20) 
 
 10.12 
 
 Joint
 Venture Agreement by and between Golden Mainland Inc. and the Company, dated April 10, 2022 (21) 
 
 10.13 
 
 Form of Settlement Agreement by and between SOS Information Technology New York, Inc. and Thor Miner, Inc., the Company, Lei Cao, Yang Jie, John F. Levy, Tieliang Liu, Tuo Pan, Shi Qiu, Jing Shan, and Heng Wang (22) 
 
 10.14 
 
 Separation Agreement by and between the Company and Lei Cao, dated as of January 9, 2023 (23) 
 
 10.15 
 
 Placement
 Agreement by and between Sino-Global Shipping America, Ltd. and Maxim Group LLC, dated as of February 5, 2021 (24) 
 
 10.16 
 
 Form of Services Agreement
 by and between the Company and Chongqing Iron Steel Ltd 
 
 14.1 
 
 Code
 of Ethics of the Company (25) 
 
 21.1 
 
 List of subsidiaries of the Company 
 
 23.1 
 
 Consent of Audit Alliance LLP 
 
 31 
 
 Certifications of Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
 
 32 
 
 Certifications of Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 101.INS 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Instance Document 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase
 Document 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase
 Document 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase
 Document 
 
 104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline
 XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 

Filed herewith. 

Furnished herewith. 

(1) 
 Incorporated herein by reference to exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 27, 2014. 

(2) 
 Incorporated herein by reference to exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 5, 2022. 

(3) 
 Incorporated herein by reference to exhibit 3.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 5, 2022. 

(4) 
 Incorporated by reference to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1, Registration Nos. 333-150858 and 333-148611. 

33 

(5) 
 Incorporated herein by reference to exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 12, 2018. 

(6) 
 Incorporated herein by reference to exhibit 4.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 12, 2018. 

(7) 
 Incorporated herein by reference to exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 18, 2020. 

(8) 
 Incorporated herein by reference to exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on Form 8-K filed on February 8, 2021. 

(9) 
 Incorporated by reference to exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 14, 2021. 

(10) 
 Incorporated by reference to exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 9, 2021. 

(11) 
 Incorporated by reference to exhibit 99.2 to the Company s Form S-8 filed on August 27, 2021. 

(12) 
 Incorporated by reference to exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 4, 2021. 

(13) 
 Incorporated by reference to exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 1, 2021. 

(14) 
 Incorporated by reference to exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 14, 2021. 

(15) 
 Incorporated by reference to exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 14, 2021. 

(16) 
 Incorporated by reference to exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 23, 2021. 

(17) 
 Incorporated by reference to exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 6, 2022. 

(18) 
 Incorporated by reference to exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 14, 2022. 

(19) 
 Incorporated by reference to exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 8, 2022. 

(20) 
 Incorporated by reference to exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 10, 2022. 

(21) 
 Incorporated by reference to exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 14, 2022. 

(22) 
 Incorporated by reference to exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 5, 2023. 

(23) 
 Incorporated by reference to exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 13, 2023. 

(24) 
 Incorporated by reference to exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 8, 2021. 

(25) 
 Incorporated by reference to exhibit 14.1 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-KSB filed on September 29, 2008 (File No. 001-34024). 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary. 

We have elected not to include a summary pursuant
to this Item 16. 

34 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements
of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the
undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

SINGULARITY FUTURE TECHNOLOGY, LTD. 

March 6, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Jing Shan 

Jing Shan 

Chief Operating Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer and Chief Accounting and
 Financial Officer) 

Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in
the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

March 6, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Tieliang Liu 

Tieliang Liu 

Director 

March 6, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Heng Wang 

Heng Wang 

Director 

35 

Index to Financial Statements 

Pages 
 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: 3487) 
 F-2 
 
 Consolidated balance sheets as of June 30, 2022 and 2021 
 F-3 
 
 Consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income (loss) for the years ended June 30, 2022 and 2021 
 F-4 
 
 Consolidated statements of shareholders equity 
 F-5 
 
 Consolidated statements of cash flows for the years ended June 30, 2022 and 2021 
 F-6 
 
 Notes to consolidated financial statements 
 F-7 

F- 1 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM 

To the Board of Directors and Shareholders
of Singularity Future Technology Ltd. (formerly know as Sino-Global Shipping America, Ltd. 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated
balance sheets of Singularity Future Technology Ltd. (formerly known as Sino-Global Shipping America, Ltd. and its subsidiaries
(collectively, the Company as of June 30, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income,
shareholders equity, and cash flows for the years then ended, and the related notes to the consolidated financial statements and
schedule (collectively, the financial statements). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects,
the financial position of the Company as of June 30, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the years
ended June 30, 2022 and 2021, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Explanatory Paragraph on Correction of a Misstatement 

 As discussed in Note 1 to the consolidated financial
statements, the 2021 consolidated financial statements have been restated to correct a misstatement. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our
audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance
with U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance
with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether
the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were
we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an
understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the
Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures
to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that
respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial
statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as
evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Very truly yours, 

/s/ Audit Alliance LLP 

We have served as the Company s
auditor since October 28, 2020 

Singapore 

March 6, 2023 

) 

Headquarters Address: 
No 10 Anson Road, #20-16, International Plaza, 079903 

F- 2 

SINGULARITY FUTURE TECHNOLOGY, LTD. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

June 30, 
 June 30, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Assets 
 
 (Restated) 
 
 Current assets 

Cash 

Cryptocurrencies 

Accounts receivable, net 

Other receivables, net 

Advances to suppliers - third parties 

Advances to suppliers - related party 
 
 -

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Due from related party, net 

Total Current Assets 

Property and equipment, net 

Right-of-use assets 

Other long-term assets - deposits 

Investment in unconsolidated entity 
 
 -

Total Assets 

Current Liabilities 

Deferred revenue 

Refund payable 
 
 -

Accounts payable 

Accounts payable related party 
 
 -

Lease liabilities - current 

Taxes payable 

Accrued expenses and other current liabilities 

Loan payable - current 
 -

Total current liabilities 

Lease liabilities - noncurrent 

Loan payable-noncurrent 
 -

Convertible notes 
 
 -

Total liabilities 

Commitments and Contingencies 

Equity 

Preferred stock, shares authorized, no par value, no shares issued and outstanding as of June 30, 2022 and June 30, 2021, respectively 
 -
 
 -

Common stock, shares authorized, no par value; and shares issued and outstanding as of June 30, 2022 and June 30,2021, respectively 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) 

Total Stockholders Equity attributable to controlling shareholders of the Company 

Non-controlling Interest 

Total Equity 

Total Liabilities and Equity 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these audited consolidated financial statements. 

F- 3 

SINGULARITY FUTURE TECHNOLOGY, LTD. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE
INCOME (LOSS) 

For the Years
Ended 

June
30, 

2022 
 2021 
 (Restated) 
 
 Net revenues 

Cost of revenues 

Gross profit 

Selling expenses 

General and administrative expenses 

Impairment loss of cryptocurrencies 
 
 -

Impairment loss of fixed assets and intangible assets 

Provision for doubtful accounts, net 

Stock-based compensation 
 
 -

Total operating expenses 

Operating loss 

Loss from disposal of subsidiary and VIE 
 
 -

Other expenses, net 

Net loss before provision for income taxes 

Income tax expense 
 -

Net loss 

Net loss attributable to non-controlling interest 

Net loss attributable to controlling shareholders of the Company. 

Comprehensive loss 

Net loss 

Other comprehensive income (loss) - foreign currency 

Comprehensive loss 

Less: Comprehensive loss attributable to non-controlling interest 

Comprehensive loss attributable to controlling shareholders of the Company. 

Loss per share 

Basic and diluted

Weighted average number of common shares used in computation 

Basic and diluted

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these audited consolidated financial statements. 

F- 4 

SINGULARITY FUTURE TECHNOLOGY, LTD. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS
OF CHANGES IN EQUITY 

Preferred
 Stock 
 Common
 Stock 
 Additional 
paid-in 
 Subscription 
 Accumulated 
 Accumulated 
other 
 comprehensive 
 Noncontrolling 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 capital 
 receivable 
 deficit 
 loss 
 interest 
 Total 
 
 BALANCE,
 June 30, 2020 
 - 
 - 

Issuance
 of preferred stock to private investor 

- 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Issuance
 of common stock to private investor 
 - 
 - 

- 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Conversion
 of preferred stock into common stock 

- 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Exercise
 of stock warrants 
 - 
 - 

- 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Foreign
 currency translation 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Net
 loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 
 - 

BALANCE,
 June 30, 2021(Restated) 
 - 
 - 

- 

Issuance
 of common stock to private placement 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Issuance
 of common stock to private investors 

Stock
 based compensation to employee 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Stock
 based compensation to consultants 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Cashless
 exercise of stock warrants 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Warrant
 repurchase 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 -
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Warrant
 exercise 
 - 
 - 

- 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Disposal
 of VIE and subsidiaries 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Foreign
 currency translation 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Net
 loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 
 - 

BALANCE,
 June 30, 2022 
 - 
 - 

- 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these audited consolidated financial statements. 

F- 5 

SINGULARITY FUTURE TECHNOLOGY, LTD. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

For the Years Ended 

June 30, 

2022 
 2021 
 (Restated) 
 
 Operating Activities 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash
 used in operating activities: 

Stock-based compensation 
 
 - 
 
 Depreciation and amortization 

Non-cash lease expense 

Provision for doubtful accounts, net 

Impairment loss of fixed assets and intangible
 asset 

Gain from loan forgiveness 
 - 

Loss on disposal of fixed assets 

Loss on disposal of subsidiaries 
 
 - 
 
 Impairment loss of cryptocurrencies 
 
 - 
 
 Investment loss from unconsolidated subsidiary 
 
 - 
 
 Changes in assets and liabilities 

Cryptocurrencies 
 - 

Accounts receivable 

Other receivables 

Advances to suppliers - third parties 

Advances to suppliers related party 
 
 - 
 
 Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Other long-term assets - deposits 

Due from related parties 
 - 

Deferred revenue 

Refund payable 
 
 - 
 
 Accounts payable 

Taxes payable 

Lease liabilities 

Accrued expenses and other
 current liabilities 

Net
 cash provided by (used in) operating activities 

Investing Activities 

Acquisition of property and equipment 

Loan receivable - related parties 
 
 - 
 
 Investment in unconsolidated entity 
 
 - 
 
 Advance to related parties 
 
 - 
 
 Net
 cash used in investing activities 

Financing Activities 

Proceeds from issuance of preferred stock 
 - 

Proceeds from issuance of common stock 

Warrant exercise 
 
 - 
 
 Proceeds from convertible notes 
 
 - 
 
 Repayment of convertible notes 
 
 - 
 
 Warrant repurchase 
 
 - 
 
 Repayment of loan payable 

Net
 cash provided by financing activities 

Effect of exchange rate
 fluctuations on cash 

Net increase in cash 

Cash at beginning of year 

Cash at end of year 

Supplemental information 

Income taxes paid 
 - 
 - 
 
 Interest paid 

Non-cash transactions of operating
 and investing activities 

Initial recognition of right-of-use
 assets and lease liabilities 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these audited consolidated financial statements. 

F- 6 

SINGULARITY FUTURE TECHNOLOGY, LTD. AND AFFILIATES 

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

F- 7 

Sino-Global Shipping Australia Pty Ltd. SGS
 AUS 

Sino-Global Shipping HK Ltd. SGS HK 

Thor Miner Inc. Thor Miner 

Trans Pacific Shipping Ltd. Trans Pacific Beijing 

Trans Pacific Logistic Shanghai Ltd. Trans
 Pacific Shanghai 

Ningbo Saimeinuo Supply Chain Management Ltd. SGS
 Ningbo 

F- 8 

Gorgeous Trading Ltd Gorgeous Trading 

Brilliant Warehouse Service Inc. Brilliant Warehouse 

Phi Electric Motor In. Phi 

SG Shipping Risk Solution Inc( SGSR 

SG Link LLC SG Link 

million (RMB million) from a
related party, Shanghai Baoyin Industrial Co., Ltd. Shanghai Baoyin which is 
owned by Wang Qinggang, CEO and legal representative of Trans Pacific Shanghai, to pay for accounts receivables of 6 different
customers totaled RMB million. Trans Pacific Shanghai then paid RMB million and RMB million to Zhangjiakou Baoyu Trading Co.
Ltd. Baoyu in April 2019 and July 2019, respectively and paid RMB million to Hebei Baoxie Trading Co., Ltd.( 
Hebei Baoxie ), a third party in July 2019. 

million and advance to supplier was overstated by RMB million and other payable from related party
 Shanghai Baoyin was understated by RMB million. There was an overstatement of RMB million
in total assets and understatement of total liabilities of RMB million. 

million to Trans Pacific Shanghai and Trans Pacific Shanghai advanced the RMB million to Shanghai Baoyin. The RMB 
million paid to Shanghai Baoyin was recorded as other receivable and the advance to Baoyu of RMB million was reclassified from advance
to supplier to other receivable and the Company provided full allowance of its receivables totaled RMB million. The Company evaluated
the transaction and determined there is no impact on its assets, liabilities and retained earnings as of June 30, 2020. 

million to Trans Pacific Shanghai. The RMB million received was recorded as recovery of bad debt. Trans Pacific Shanghai then
loaned the RMB million to Shanghai Baoyin. Shanghai Baoyin subsequently repaid RMB million to Trans Pacific Shanghai and Trans Pacific
Shanghai loaned RMB million to Wang Qinggang. The RMB million received was recorded as recovery of bad debt for other receivable
and the RMB million paid was recorded as a related party loan receivable. 

million
was originally from related party Shanghai Baoyin and eventually paid back to the same related parties, therefore recovery of bad debt
and loan receivable related parties was overstated by RMB million for fiscal year 2021. 

F- 9 

-

Total assets 

Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) 

Non-controlling Interest 

Total equity 

Net loss 

Other
 comprehensive loss - foreign currency 

Comprehensive
 loss 

Provision for doubtful accounts 

Other receivable 

Cash flows from investing activities: 

Loan receivable - related parties 

-

of Sino-China s net income. 

million. Since Sino-China did not have any active operation prior to disposal, the disposal did not represent
a strategic change in the Company s business, as such the disposal was not presented as discontinued operations. 

F- 10 

Total current assets 
 -

Deposits 
 -

Total assets 
 -

Current liabilities: 

Other payables and accrued liabilities 
 -

Total liabilities 
 -

F- 11 

1USD: AUD 

1USD: HKD 

and , respectively, were maintained at financial institutions
in the PRC. Nil and of these balances are not covered by insurance as the deposit insurance system in China only insured each
depositor at one bank for a maximum of approximately (RMB ). As of, June 30, 2022 and June 30, 2021, cash balances of 
and , respectively, were maintained at U.S. financial institutions. and of these balances are not covered
by insurance, as each U.S. account was insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or other programs subject to limitations.
The Hong Kong Deposit Protection Board pays compensation up to a limit of HKD (approximately if the bank with which an
individual/a company holds its eligible deposit fails. As of June 30, 2022 and June 30, 2021, cash balances of and , respectively,
were maintained at financial institutions in Hong Kong and were insured by the Hong Kong Deposit Protection Board. As of June 30, 2022
and June 30, 2021, cash balances of and , respectively, were maintained at Australia financial institutions, and were insured
as the Australian government guarantees deposits up to AUD (approximately ). As of June 30, 2022 and June 30, 2021, amount
of deposits the Company had covered by insurance amounted to and , respectively. 

As the Company has focused its development on the shipping management segment, its customer base consists
of more smaller privately owned companies that will pay more timely than state owned companies. 

F- 12 

years 
 
 Motor vehicles 
 - years 
 
 Computer and office equipment 
 - years 
 
 Furniture and fixtures 
 - years 
 
 System software 
 years 
 
 Leasehold improvements 

Mining equipment 
 years 

impairment were recorded, respectively. 

to , and other factors, such as representation
on the board of directors, voting rights and the impact of commercial arrangements, are considered in determining whether the equity method
of accounting is appropriate. Under this method of accounting, the Company records its proportionate share of the net earnings or losses
of equity method investees and a corresponding increase or decrease to the investment balances. Dividends received from the equity method
investments are recorded as reductions in the cost of such investments. The Company generally considers an ownership interest of or
higher to represent significant influence. The Company accounts for the investments in entities over which it has neither control nor
significant influence, and no readily determinable fair value is available, using the investment cost minus any impairment, if necessary. 

equity interest. Mr. Shanming Liang subsequently
transferred his shares to Guanxi Golden Bridge Industry Group Co., Ltd in October 2021. For the year ended June 30, 2022, the Company
invested in LSM. The joint venture has not started its operations due to COVID-19 and substantially all of the Company s
investment was deposited in bank account with LSM and LSM has only incurred some administrative expenses. The Company recorded 
investment loss for the year ended June 30, 2022. 

F- 13 

F- 14 

and for the
year ended June 30, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Refund payable amounted to and nil for the year ended June 30, 2022 and 2021,
respectively as a result of termination of the contract with customer (See Note 21 for details). 

- 

Shipping agency and management services 

- 

Freight logistics services 

Total 

U.S. 

Total revenues 

or fewer, a lessee is permitted
to make an accounting policy election not to recognize lease assets and liabilities. The Company also adopted the practical expedient
that allows lessees to treat the lease and non-lease components of a lease as a single lease component. Upon adoption, the Company recognized
right of use ROU assets and same amount of lease liabilities based on the present value of the future minimum rental payments
of leases, using an incremental borrowing rate of based on the duration of lease terms. 

F- 15 

or less.
Its leases generally do not provide a residual guarantee. The operating lease ROU asset also excludes lease incentives. Lease expense
is recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term. 

. Sino-China and Trans
Pacific Beijing were incorporated in the PRC and are subject to the Enterprise Income Tax Laws of the PRC. 

to . Entities that are VAT general taxpayers are allowed to offset qualified VAT paid to suppliers
against their VAT liability. Net VAT liability is recorded in taxes payable on the consolidated balance sheets. 

and education surcharges based on the net VAT payments. 

F- 16 

F- 17 

F- 18 

Total other assets 
 
 -

Total assets 

Total current liabilities 

Total net assets 

Noncontrolling interests 
 
 -

Exchange rate effect 
 
 -

Total loss on disposal 

- 
 
 Receipt of cryptocurrencies from mining services 
 - 

Impairment loss 
 
 - 
 
 Ending balance 

for the year
ended June 30, 2022. There is no impairment loss for the year ended June 30, 2021. 

F- 19 

Less: allowances for doubtful accounts 

Accounts receivable, net 

Provision for doubtful accounts, net of recovery 

Exchange rate effect 

Ending balance 

and , respectively. The Company recovered nil and of accounts receivable for
the year ended June 30, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Employee business advances 

Total 

Less: allowances for doubtful accounts 

Other receivables, net 

million
as of June 30, 2021. For the years ended June 30, 2022 and 2021, the Company recovered and nil of these payment, respectively. 

Recovery for doubtful accounts 
 
 -

Exchange rate effect 

Ending balance 

F- 20 

Less: allowances for doubtful accounts 
 
 -

Advances to suppliers-third parties, net 

for the year ended June 30, 2022. 

Other (including prepaid professional fees, rent, listing fees) 

Total 

Freight logistics deposits (1) 
 -

Total other long-term assets - deposits 

Less: allowances for deposits 

Other long-term assets- deposits, net 

million (RMB million) of deposit. This refundable deposit is to cover any possible loss of merchandise, as well as any non-performance
on the part of the Company and its vendors. Due to impact of COVID-19 and recent rising freight costs, the Company
has not been able to fulfill the contract to BaoSteel and expect it may not be able to collect the full deposit, as such the Company
provided full allowance for the million deposit with BaoSteel in fiscal year 2021. During fiscal year 2022, the Company wrote off
the million deposit. 

F- 21 

-

Allowance for deposits 
 -

Less: Write-off 
 
 -

Exchange rate effect 

Ending balance 

Computer equipment 

Office equipment 

Furniture and fixtures 

System software 

Leasehold improvements 

Mining equipment 

Total 

Less: Impairment reserve 

Less: Accumulated depreciation and amortization 

Property and equipment, net 

and , respectively. Impairment loss amounted to and for the years ended June 30,
2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Professional fees and other expense payable 

Interest payable 
 
 -

Others 

Total 

under the U.S. Small Business Administration SBA Paycheck Protection Program PPP ).
 The loan forgiveness amount
will be reduced for any Economic Injury Disaster Loan EIDL advance that the Company receives. The amount of loan forgiveness
will be further reduced if the borrower terminates employees or reduces salaries during the eight-week period. On February 24, 2021, the
full amount of PPP loan was forgiven and no principle or interest need to be repaid, so the Company recorded such as a gain for the year
ended June 30, 2021. As of June 30, 2021, none of the PPP loan payable remained outstanding. 

F- 22 

under the SBA EIDL program administered by the SBA pursuant to the CARES Act. Such advance amount will reduce
the Company s PPP loan forgiveness amount described above. In accordance with the requirements of the CARES Act, As of December 31, 2021, the Company has paid off the balance of the EIDL loan. Interest
expense for the year ended June 30, 2022 and 2021 for this loan was and , respectively. 

. 

annually and may be converted into shares of the Company s common stock, no par value per share at a conversion
price of per share, the closing price of the common stock on December 17, 2021. The Convertible Notes are unsecured senior obligations
of the Company, and the maturity date of the Convertible Notes is December 18, 2023. The Company may repay any portion of the outstanding
principal, accrued and unpaid interest, without penalty for early repayment. The Company may make any repayment of principal and interest
in (a) cash, (b) common stock at the conversion price or (c) a combination of cash or common stock at the conversion price. 

. There other terms of the notes remained unchanged. 

, respectively. 

F- 23 

to . As of June 30, 2022, ROU assets and lease liabilities amounted to and 
(including from lease liabilities current portion and from lease liabilities non-current portion), respectively and
weighted average discount rate was approximately . 

years. 

and , respectively. 

for the year ended June 30, 2022.
No impairment loss was recognized for the year ended June 30, 2021. 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 
 -

Total lease payments 

Less: Interest 

Present value of lease liabilities 

per share for continued listing on the NASDAQ
Capital Market. As a result, all common stock share amounts included in this filing have been retroactively reduced by a factor of five,
and all common stock per share amounts have been increased by a factor of five. Amounts affected include common stock outstanding, including
those that have resulted from the stock options, and warrants exercisable for common stock. 

shares of the Company s common stock, no par value,
and warrants to purchase shares at a per share purchase price of . The net proceeds to the Company from such offering were
approximately million. The warrants became exercisable on March 16, 2021 at an exercise price of per share. The warrants
may also be exercised cashlessly if at any time after March 16, 2021, there is no effective registration statement registering, or no
current prospectus available for, the resale of the warrant shares. 

F- 24 

shares of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock (the Series A Preferred Stock ), each convertible
into share of common stock, no par value, of Company, upon the terms and subject to the limitations and considerations set forth in
the Certificate of Designation of the Series A Preferred Stock, and warrants to purchase up to shares of common stock. The purchase
price for each share of Series A Preferred Stock and accompanying warrants is . The net proceeds to the Company from this offering
was approximately million, not including any proceeds that may be received upon cash exercise of the warrants. The warrants became
exercisable six (6) months following the date of issuance at an exercise price of per share. The warrants may also be exercised
cashlessly if at any time after the six-month anniversary of the issuance date, there is no effective registration statement registering,
or no current prospectus available for, the resale of the warrant Shares. The warrants will expire five and a half ) years from the
date of issuance. The warrants are subject to anti-dilution provisions to reflect stock dividends and splits or other similar transactions.
The warrants contain a mandatory exercise right for the Company to force exercise of the warrants if the closing price of the common stock
equals or exceeds for twenty (20) consecutive trading days, provided, among other things, that the shares issuable upon exercise
of the warrants are registered or may be sold pursuant to Rule 144 and the daily trading volume exceeds shares of common stock
per trading day on each trading day in a period of consecutive trading days prior to the applicable date. In February 2021, the shareholders
 approved the preferred shareholders right to convert shares of Series A Preferred
Stock into shares of common stock in the Company s annual meeting of shareholders. As of June 30, 2021, the Series
A Preferred Stock have been fully converted to common stock on a one-for-one basis. 

shares of the common stock of the Company, no par
value per share, at a purchase price of per share, and warrants to purchase up to an aggregate of shares of common stock
of the Company at an exercise price of per share, for aggregate gross proceeds to the Company of . The warrants are initially
exercisable beginning on December 11, 2020 and will expire three and a half ) years from the date of issuance. The exercise price
and the number of shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants are subject to adjustment in the event of stock splits
or dividends, or other similar transactions, but not as a result of future securities offerings at lower prices. 

shares of common stock, no par value, and warrants to purchase shares.
The net proceeds to the Company from this offering were approximately million. The purchase price for each share of common stock
and five warrants is , and the exercise price per warrant is . The warrants became exercisable at any time during the period
beginning on or after July 27, 2021 and ending on or prior on January 27, 2026 but not thereafter; provided, however, that the total number
of the Company s issued and outstanding shares of common stock, multiplied by the NASDAQ official closing bid price of the common
stock shall equal or exceed billion for a three consecutive month period prior to an exercise. 

shares of the common stock of the Company, no par value per
share, at a purchase price of per share. Net proceeds to the Company from the sale of the shares and the warrants, after deducting
estimated offering expenses and placement agent fees, were approximately million. The Company also sold to the investors warrants
to purchase up to an aggregate of shares of common stock at an exercise price of per share. The warrants are exercisable
upon issuance and expire five and a half ) years from the date of issuance. The exercise price and the number of shares of common
stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants are subject to adjustment in the event of stock splits or dividends, or other similar transactions,
but not as a result of future securities offerings at lower prices. 

F- 25 

shares of the common stock of the Company, no par value per
share, at a purchase price of per share. Net proceeds to the Company from the sale of the shares and the warrants, after deducting
estimated offering expenses and placement agent fees, were approximately million. The Company also sold to the investors warrants
to purchase up to an aggregate of shares of common stock at an exercise price of per share. The warrants are exercisable
upon issuance and expire five and a half ) years from the date of issuance. The exercise price and the number of shares of common
stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants are subject to adjustment in the event of stock splits or dividends, or other similar transactions,
but not as a result of future securities offerings at lower prices. 

shares of common stock, no par value, and warrants to purchase shares. The purchase price for each share of common
stock and one and a half warrants is , and the exercise price per warrant is . The Company received net proceed of 
and issued shares and warrants. In connection with the issuance, the Company issued shares to a consultant
in assisting the Company in finding potential investors. 

for a three consecutive month period prior to an exercise. 

warrants (the Warrants from the Sellers, and the Sellers agreed to sell the
Warrants back to the Company. These Warrants were sold to these Sellers in three previous transactions that closed on February 11, 2021,
February 10, 2021, and March 14, 2018. The purchase price for each Warrant is . Following announcement of the Warrant Purchase Agreements
on January 6, 2022, the Company agreed to repurchase an additional warrants from other Sellers on the same terms as the previously
announced Warrant Purchase Agreements. The aggregate number of warrants repurchased under the Warrant Purchase Agreements was . 

Issued 

Exercised 

Repurchased 

Warrants outstanding, as of June 30, 2022 

Warrants exercisable, as of June 30, 2022 

F- 26 

years 
 
 2020 warrants, 

years 
 
 2021 warrants, 

years 

The shares were
valued at an aggregate of based on the grant date fair value of such shares. 

shares of common stock
under the Company s 2021 stock incentive plan, which shares were valued at based on the grant date fair value. 

and shares of the
Company s common stock. The shares were valued at at grant date with a grant date fair value of to be amortized through
October 31, 2022. Stock compensation expenses for this contract were for the year ended June 30, 2022. 

restricted shares to Future Tech Business Consulting Future Tech pursuant to an Advisory Agreement under which Future Tech was to assist to the Company to find suitable buyers for cryptocurrency mining
machines sold by Thor Miner. The shares were valued at approximately million and the Company recorded the full amount as stock compensation
expense for the year ended June 30, 2022. 

and nil were recorded as stock-based compensation expense, respectively. 

F- 27 

Granted 
 -
 
 -

Exercised 
 -
 
 -

Cancelled, forfeited or expired 

Options outstanding, as of June 30, 2022 

Options exercisable, as of June 30, 2022 

years 

years 

Additional paid-in capital 
 -

Accumulated other comprehensive income 
 -

Accumulated deficit 
 -

-

Trans Pacific Logistics Shanghai Ltd. 

Thor 
 
 -

Brilliant Warehouse Service, Inc. 

Total 

F- 28 

(the Settlement Payment to SOSNY in exchange for SOSNY dismissing the lawsuit with prejudice as to the settling Defendants
and without prejudice as to all others. The full Settlement Payment was received by SOSNY on December 28, 2022. SOSNY dismissed the lawsuit
with prejudice against Singularity (and other Defendants) on December 28, 2022. 

(which is the total amount paid by SOSNY pursuant to the
PSA less the price of the machines actually received by SOSNY pursuant to the PSA). The Settlement Payment and any payments subsequently
received by SOSNY from HighSharp shall be deducted from the total amount of forty million, five hundred sixty thousand, five hundred sixty-nine
dollars previously paid by, and now due and owing to SOSNY. In further consideration of the Settlement Agreement, Thor
Miner agreed to execute and provide to SOSNY, within seven (7) business days after SOSNY s receipt of the Settlement Payment, an
assignment of all claims it may have against HighSharp or otherwise to the proceeds of the PSA. See Note 21 for further details. 

million, plus interest, costs, fees, and attorneys fees.
The St. Hudson lawsuit claims monetary damages of at least million, plus interest, costs, fees, and attorneys 
fees. 

and potentially exceeding
 million, plus interest, costs, and attorneys fees. 

F- 29 

PRC 
 -
 
 -

Total income tax expenses 
 -

F- 30 

for the year ended June 30, 2022 and 2021 to the Company s effective tax rate are
as follows: 

Permanent difference 

Change in valuation allowance 

Rate differential in foreign jurisdiction 

-

PRC 

Net operating loss 

U.S. 

PRC 

Total deferred tax assets 

Valuation allowance 

Deferred tax assets, net - long-term 
 -
 
 -

as of June 30, 2021, which may reduce
future federal taxable income. 

as of June 30, 2021 which was mainly from Sino-China which was disposed during the year ended June 30, 2022.
During the year ended June 30, 2022, additional NOL of approximately was generated. As of June 30, 2022, the Company s
cumulative NOL amounted to approximately which may reduce future taxable income which will expire by 2026. 

allowance for its DTA as of June 30, 2022. The net decrease
in valuation for the year ended June 30, 2022 amounted to approximately , based on management s reassessment of the amount
of the Company s deferred tax assets that are more likely than not to be realized. 

F- 31 

Corporate income tax payable 

Others 

Total 

and of the Company s gross revenues. As of June 30, 2022, two customers accounted for and
 of the Company s accounts receivable, net. 

of the Company s revenues. As of June 30, 2021, one customer accounted for approximately of the
Company s accounts receivable, net. 

and of the total gross purchases, respectively. 

and of the total costs of revenue, respectively. 

F- 32 

Cost of revenues 
 -

-

Gross profit 
 -

Depreciation and amortization 
 -

Total capital expenditures 
 -

Gross margin 
 - 

-

Cost of revenues 

-

Gross profit 

-

Depreciation and amortization 

-

Total capital expenditures 

- 

Gross margin 

- 

Freight Logistic Services 

Sales of crypto-mining machines 
 
 -

Total Assets 

U.S. 

Total revenues 

F- 33 

-

Total Advances to suppliers-related party 
 
 -

. The Company also entered into sales contract
with SOS information Technology New York Inc SOSNY which specify the products to be delivered within 120 days from acceptance
of contract and received a total deposit from SOSNY in the amount of . The Company shipped cryptocurrency mining machines to SOSNY worth for the year ended June 2022 and from July to December 2022. Due to production issues from HighSharp, Thor was not able to timely
deliver the full quantity of cryptocurrency mining machines to SOSNY under the PSA according to contract and was sued by SOSNY for breach
of contract on December 9, 2022. 
 
 The Company entered into settlement agreement SOSNY effective on December
28, 2022, under which the Company will repay million to SOSNY and terminate the previous agreements and balance of the deposits.
The Company also assigned to SOSNY the right for the deposit that Thor has paid to HighSharp. 

and , respectively. Thor Minor paid million on December 23, 2022 to SOSNY
and wrote off the balance of the deposit it received from SOSNY and the balance of its payment to HighSharp resulting in net bad debt
expenses of . 

Zhejiang Jinbang Fuel Energy Co., Ltd (2) 

Shanghai Baoyin Industrial Co., Ltd (3) 
 
 -

LSM Trading Ltd (4) 
 
 -

Rich Trading Co. Ltd (5) 
 
 -

Cao Lei (6) 
 
 - 
 
 Less: allowance for doubtful accounts 

Total 
 - 

F- 34 

to Zhejiang Jinbang Fuel Energy Co., Ltd Zhejiang Jinbang which is owned by Mr. Wang Qinggang, CEO and legal representative of Trans Pacific Shanghai and Zhejiang
Jinbang returned for the year ended June 30, 2021. The advance is non-interest bearing and due on demand. There has been no change
in the balance other than changes as a result of changes in exchange rates. The Company provided allowance of for the year
ended June 30, 2022. 

million to Shanghai Baoyin Industrial Co., Ltd. Baoyin which is owned by Wang Qinggang, CEO and legal representative of Trans Pacific Logistic Shanghai Ltd. Baoyin repaid
approximately million in December 2022. The advance is non-interest bearing and due on demand. The Company provided allowance of 
for the year ended June 30, 2022. 

to LSM Trading Ltd, which is owned by the Company for the year ended June 30, 2022. The advance is non-interest bearing and due on demand. The Company provided allowance of for the year ended June 30, 2022. 

million in the trading business operates by Rich Trading and the Company would
be entitled to of profit generated by the trading business. The Company advanced for this project. has
been returned to the Company. The Company provided allowance of for the year ended June 30, 2022. As of June 30, 2022, the Company
also paid for expenses of Rich Trading for and provided full allowance for the advance. 

for the year ended June 30, 2022. Business expenses incurred
by Cao Lei amounted to and for the years ended June 30, 2022 and 2021. 

-

(RMB million). In February 2022, Wang Qinggang, borrowed and repaid of
the loan amount. In June 2022, additional (RMB was loaned to Wang Qinggang with due date of June 7, 2024. The
full amount was returned in September and December 2022. 

and to the acting Chief Financial Officer of which
were included in other current liabilities. These payments were made on behalf of the Company for the daily business operational
activities. 

. There was no related party revenue for the year ended June 30, 2021. 

F- 35 

million to SOSNY and terminate the previous agreements and balance of the deposits. The
Company also assigned to SOSNY the right for the deposit that Thor has paid to HighSharp. The Company paid SOSNY on December 23, 2022
and the settlement agreement became effective on December 28, 2022. 

shares of common stock of the Company granted to him on August 13, 2021 under the terms of the 2014 Equity Incentive
Plan of the Company (the 2021 Shares ). Mr. Cao also agreed to cooperate with the Company regarding certain investigations
and proceedings set forth in the Separation Agreement, and/or any other matters arising out of or related to Mr. Cao s relationship
with or service to the Company. In consideration, the Company agreed to provide the following benefits to which Mr. Cao was not otherwise
entitled: (1) payment of reasonable attorneys fees and costs incurred by Mr. Cao up through January 9, 2023 associated with Mr.
Cao s personal legal representation in matters relating to Mr. Cao s tenure with the Company, the investigations and proceedings
set forth in the Separation Agreement, and the negotiation and drafting of the Separation Agreement; (2) the release of claims in Mr.
Cao s favor contained in the Separation Agreement; and (3) payment of Mr. Cao s reasonable and necessary legal fees to the
extent incurred by Mr. Cao as a result of his cooperation as required by the Company under the terms of the Separation Agreement. Additionally,
the Separation Agreement contains mutual general releases and waiver of claims from Mr. Cao and the Company. 

On December 27, 2022 and December 19, 2022, Jing Shan and Yang Jie each signed a cancellation
agreement to return and shares, respectively, to the Company for cancellation for no consideration. The cancellation agreements
and the cancellation of shares underlying thereunder were ratified and approved by the Board on January 19, 2023. As of the date of this
Report, the shares issued to Mr. Jie were cancelled and the shares issued to Ms. Shan were in the process of being cancelled. 

F-36 

<EX-10.16>
 2
 f10k2022ex10-16_singularity.htm
 FORM OF SERVICES AGREEMENT BY AND BETWEEN THE COMPANY AND CHONGQING IRON & STEEL LTD

Exhibit 10.16 

Goods/Services Sales Contract 

Buyer: [ ] 
 Seller: [ ] 

Contract management number: [ ] 
 Seller s contract number:[ ] 

Version number: [ ] 

Signing place: [ ] 
 Signing time: [ ] 

Effective start date of the contract: [ ] 
 Contract validity deadline: [ ] 

Buyer (seal): [ ] 
 Seller (seal): [ ] 

Legal representative: [ ] 
 Legal representative: [ ] 

Attorney:[ ] 
 Attorney: [ ] 

Business Contact: [ ] 
 Business Contact: [ ] 

Business phone:[ ] 
 Business phone: [ ] 

E-mail:[ ] 
 E-mail: [ ] 

Fax:[ ] 
 Fax: [ ] 

Address: [ ] 
 Address: [ ] 

Zip code:[ ] 
 Zip code: [ ] 

Bank of account:[ ] 
 Bank of account: [ ] 

Bank account number:[ ] 
 Bank account number: [ ] 

Tax registration number: [ ] 
 Tax registration number: [ ] 

After friendly negotiation between Party A and Party B, the domestic
logistics annual contract signed by both parties (the contract number is: [ ]) make the following additions: 

1. Except for the volume of transportation, other contract terms of
the original contract remain unchanged. 

2. Transportation volume 

2.1 The planned volume of the contract is [ ]
tons, and the actual execution is [ ] tons. The main reason is that the company s
transportation capacity was not released as scheduled in the current month, and the transportation capacity is insufficient, resulting
in the actual execution volume being lower than the planned volume. A supplementary agreement is needed. 

2.2 Iron ore: [ ]
tons. 

2 

1. The quantity 

The quantity of iron ore transported is [ ]
tons. 

2. Freight rate 

In accordance with the Civil Code of the People s Republic of
China and relevant laws and regulations, Party A and Party B have negotiated friendly, in line with the principle of equality, mutual
benefit, and consensus, Party A and Party B reached the following terms on the matters related to Party A entrusting Party B to transport
the goods to the port of discharge designated by Party A: 

1. The name and quantity of the goods to be transported: Bid volume
of ore [ ] tons/month 

2. Freight rate 

2. 1 The bidding share freight rate refers to the base price [ ],
and is implemented according to the following table: 

Port of departure 
 Port of arrival 
 Bidding(yuan/wet ton, tax included) 
 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 

3. Rights and Obligations 

3.1 Party A shall notify Party B in written form of the transportation
plan more than one week in advance, including: the port of departure, the name of the ship, the type and quantity of transportation, and
the temporary additional plan shall also be notified to Party B in written form. 

3.2 After Party B receives the notification from Party A, it shall
reply to Party A s transport capacity plan within one working day. Party A shall draw up a cargo transshipment plan according to the transportation
demand and Party B s transport capacity plan and arrange transportation in a balanced manner. Party B allocates the shipping capacity
of ships and ensures that the designated varieties are transferred according to the port and quantity designated by Party A (the loading
port designated by Party A shall meet the safe berthing requirements of ships provided by Party B, and the stowage quantity shall ensure
that each ship is fully loaded, otherwise Party B has the right to refuse, and Party A shall bear all losses). Before Party B s ship arrives
at the port of loading, Party A shall handle relevant matters such as the transfer of cargo rights, linking up with the port plan, moisture
inspection report, and payment of port construction fees and operating fees, so as to ensure that Party B s ship can be loaded in time.
After the ship of Party B is loaded, it should arrive at the unloading place designated by Party A within the planned time (in principle,
no more than [ ] days) (except for force majeure factors such as wind, snow,
fog, high flood, etc., etc.), and register at the port of discharge designated by Party A based on the waybill and handover list. 

3.3 After the ship of Party B has registered, it must obey the command
of dispatching at the port of discharge designated by Party A. If it is required to unload in advance due to the actual production needs
of the port of discharge designated by Party A, the dispatching arrangement of the port of discharge shall prevail; for ships with general
damage and potential safety hazards, Party A shall negotiate with the port of discharge to arrange unloading in advance. 

3.4 Party A s transportation plan should be balanced and should not
cause a large number of Party B s ships to press down on the port. 

3.5 Both Party A and Party B agree that the arrival of Party B s ships
shall be measured by the gauge or belt scales of the logistics and transportation department of Chongqing Iron and Steel Co., Ltd., and
Party B shall avoid and control the use of non-standard ship types. 

3.5.1 When Party B s ship is registered, it shall strictly abide
by the regulations on the management of ship cargo materials, and fill in the water gauge and ballast tank in the six directions of the
ship (bow, midship, and stern with heavy load) according to the regulations, and the logistics of Chongqing Iron and Steel Co., Ltd. When
the Ministry of Transport checks the scale, if it finds that the ship is not clearly filled out or incomplete, the check can be postponed,
and Party B will be notified immediately to supplement it. Party B will be responsible for the demurrage of the ship. 

3 

3.5.2 If Party B s ship cannot be measured by water gauge, Party A
shall coordinate to measure by weight. 

3.5.3 The logistics and transportation department of Chongqing Iron
and Steel Co., Ltd. shall, together with the ship party, confirm the gauge data in person when checking the weight and empty water gauge
of Party B s ship, and fill in the water gauge data on the declaration form to inform Party B. If the difference between the inspection
scale of Chongqing Iron and Steel Co., Ltd. s logistics and transportation department and Party B s declared water gauge is
within 2cm on average, it is considered normal. If the difference is large, Party B should be notified immediately to find out the reason,
and Party A will coordinate to re-check the scale or negotiate a solution. Both Party A and Party B shall keep the original materials
such as photos and records of ship gauge for future reference. 

3.5.4 It is considered normal if Party B does not reply within [ ]
hours after receiving the gauge and weight inspection data provided by Party A by the logistics and transportation department of Chongqing
Iron and Steel Co., Ltd. If there is any objection, Party A must be notified within [ ]
hours. 

3.6 Party B must ensure the integrity of the
goods, and do a good job in quantity and quality services for overloading and backloading in the middle, so as to prevent mixed
quality and loss of tons. 

3.7 In the event of disputes between Party A and Party B regarding
the confirmation of weight, quantity or quality, both parties agree to use the measurement or inspection method of the inspection agency
recognized by both parties. 

3.8 Party B shall strengthen the management of the whole process of
the goods from loading to transportation to the destination port and reduce the loss of tons in the transportation process. 

3.8.1 The difference between the loading quantity of the goods carried
by Party B (commercial inspection quantity or port and shipping delivery quantity) minus the inspection scale of the logistics and transportation
department of Chongqing Iron and Steel Co., Ltd. or the measurement of the belt scale is the tonnage deficit (wet basis), and the tonnage
deficit The ratio to the loading capacity is the ton deficit rate. 

3.8.2 Party A and Party B shall calculate the tonnage deficit rate
based on the quarterly weighted average. If the tonnage loss ratio exceeds [ ]
in the second, third and fourth quarters, Party B shall compensate for the excess of [ ]
according to the unit price of the goods loaded by Party A. If there is any adjustment, a supplementary agreement will be signed separately. 

3.8.3 The loss of tons caused by force majeure is excluded. The party
claiming the occurrence of force majeure shall promptly notify the other party in writing and provide sufficient evidence to prove the
occurrence and duration of the force majeure within fifteen days thereafter. 

3.9 The actual loading volume of the carrier this month can be within
[ ] of the planned volume range, that is, the proportion of overfill and underfill
is [ ] . 

4 

4. Insurance, average, safety 

Route 
 Port of Loading 
 Port of Discharge 
 Materials 
 Tax rate 
 Freight 
 Remark 

4.1 Party B is responsible for purchasing comprehensive insurance for
cargo transportation in full amount based on the actual value of the cargo. 

4.2 Party A is responsible for port construction fees and cargo port
fees, and Party B is responsible for port berthing fees and other comprehensive service fees. 

4.3 In the event of a general damage accident in the process of
carrying Party A s goods, Party B shall promptly inform Party A, and provide relevant materials to actively assist Party A in
carrying out insurance claims. 

4.4 When Party B s ship arrives at the designated unloading port
wharf, the berthing and berthing security shall be the responsibility of the unloading port wharf. Party B s ships must obey the
command of the terminal. In case of cargo quality or safety accidents, both parties shall prepare records on the spot and determine
the responsibility according to the cargo regulations of the Ministry of Communications and on-site records. If Party B s ship is
damaged due to the wharf s responsibility during the unloading process, the port shall compensate Party B for direct expenses such
as ship repairs. If the port equipment is damaged due to Party B s responsibility, Party B shall compensate for direct expenses such
as port equipment repairs. 

4.5 In the process of carrying the goods, if the goods are damaged
or lost, if the compensation paid by the insurance company is not enough to make up for the loss of the goods, Party B shall be responsible
for compensating the owner of the goods for the insufficient part. 

4.6 Party B s provision of transportation, loading and unloading
services must comply with national security, environmental protection and other relevant laws and regulations and Party A s safety
and environmental protection regulations; Party B s personnel are not allowed to enter the on-site area outside the scope of delivery;
if Party B s personnel are injured or killed in Party A s on-site area Accidents are the responsibility of Party B. 

5 

5. Freight Settlement 

5.1 The loading volume is based on the commodity inspection
volume or the port and air handover volume, the arrival volume is based on the water gauge measurement of the logistics and
transportation department of Chongqing Iron and Steel Co., Ltd., The basis for both parties to settle freight and demurrage charges
is to use the difference between the loading volume and the arrival volume as the basis for both parties to calculate the tonnage
deficit. 

5.2 Settlement method and time limit 

5.2.1 Party A and Party B agree that the freight shall be borne by
Party A. 

5.2.2 Party A shall provide Party B with the measured tonnage of the
ship within [ ] working days after Party B s ship is unloaded. 

5.2.3 Party B shall issue to Party A a special waterborne VAT invoice
with a tax rate of [ ] based on the measured tonnage and contract freight
rate provided by Party A. 

5.2.4 Party A shall pay all the freight within 20 days after receiving
the invoice issued by Party B. The payment method is RMB cash or bill payment. If the bill is paid, the interest discount fee shall be
borne by Chongqing Iron and Steel Co., Ltd., and the tax rate shall be based on the supplier s record with the State Taxation Bureau.
The effective real-time tax rate is subject to change. If there is any change, the price including tax will be changed accordingly. 

6. Others 

6.1 If Party B fails to fully perform the obligations stipulated in
the contract, it shall be regarded as a breach of contract, and Party A has the right to take measures against Party B such as reducing
the quantity of transportation, suspending Party B s transportation qualification, and immediately terminating the contract according
to the situation. 

6.2 If either Party A or Party B violates the contract, both parties
have the right to unilaterally terminate the contract, and the breaching party shall be responsible for compensation for the economic
losses caused to the observant party. 

6.3 Under no circumstances shall Party B detain Party A s goods for
any reason or in other ways, otherwise, Party B shall pay Party A liquidated damages at twice the value of the goods it detains. 

7. Others 

7.1 Regarding the termination of the contract, Party A and Party B
shall negotiate and resolve the matter in accordance with the Civil Code or the relevant regulations of the Ministry of Communications.
If the negotiation fails, either party may sue in the people s court with jurisdiction in the place where this contract is signed. 

7.2 Contract execution: from [ ],
to [ ] (the time of each shipment is subject to the loading time of each ship s
waybill). 

7.3 Contract signing place: [ ];
The contract shall be signed electronically, and it will take effect after completing the electronic signing procedures. 

6 

</EX-10.16>

<EX-21.1>
 3
 f10k2022ex21-1_singularity.htm
 LIST OF SUBSIDIARIES OF THE COMPANY

E xhibit
21.1 

Subsidiaries 

Entity
 Name in English 
 
 Jurisdiction
 of Incorporation 
 
 Parent/Ownership 

Sino-Global
 Shipping New York Inc. 
 
 New York,
 U.S. 
 
 Singularity
 Future Technology Ltd. (100 Owned) 

Ningbo Saimeinuo
 Supply Chain Management Ltd. 
 
 Ningbo,
 Zhejiang, PRC 
 
 Sino-Global
 Shipping USA Ltd. (100 Owned) 

Blumargo
 IT Solution Ltd. 
 
 New York,
 U.S. 
 
 Sino-Global
 Shipping USA Ltd. (100 Owned) 

Gorgeous
 Trading Ltd. 
 
 Texas,
 U.S. 
 
 Sino-Global
 Shipping USA Ltd. (100 Owned) 

Brilliant
 Warehouse Service Inc. 
 
 Texas,
 U.S. 
 
 Sino-Global
 Shipping New York Inc. (51 Owned) 

Phi Electric
 Motor Inc. 
 
 New York,
 U.S. 
 
 Sino-Global
 Shipping New York Inc. (51 Owned) 

SG Shipping
 Risk Solution Inc. 
 
 New York,
 U.S. 
 
 Sino-Global
 Shipping USA Ltd. (100 Owned) 

SG Link
 LLC 
 
 New York,
 U.S. 
 
 SG Shipping
 Risk (100 Owned) 

Thor Miner
 Inc. 
 
 Delaware,
 U.S. 
 
 Sino-Global
 Shipping America Inc. (51 Owned) 

Sino-Global
 Shipping (HK) Ltd. 
 
 Hong Kong,
 PRC 
 
 Singularity
 Future Technology Ltd. (100 Owned) 

Trans
 Pacific Shipping Ltd. 
 
 Beijing,
 PRC 
 
 Sino-Global
 Shipping USA Ltd. (100 Owned) 

Trans
 Pacific Logistics Shanghai Ltd. 
 
 Shanghai,
 PRC 
 
 Trans Pacific
 Shipping Ltd. (90 Owned) 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 4
 f10k2022ex23-1_singularity.htm
 CONSENT OF AUDIT ALLIANCE LLP

Exhibit 23.1 

AUDIT ALLIANCE LLP 

A Top 18 Audit Firm 

10 Anson Road, #20-16 International Plaza, Singapore 079903. 

UEN: T12LL1223B GST Reg No: M90367663E Tel: (65) 6227 5428 

 Website: www.allianceaudit.com 

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM 

We hereby consent to the incorporation
by reference in the Registration Statements on Forms S-3 (333- 253836 and 333-253149 and on Form S-8 (333-259130 of our report dated
March 6, 2023, relating to the consolidated financial statements of Singularity Future Technology Ltd. (formerly known as Sino-Global
Shipping America , Ltd. and its subsidiaries (collectively , the Company for the years ended June 30, 2022 and
2021, appearing in the Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Company for the year ended June 30, 2022. Our report contains an explanatory
paragraph on correction of a misstatement. 

We also consent to the reference to
us under the heading Experts in the Registration Statements. 

/s/ Audit Alliance LLP 

Singapore 

 March 6, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31>
 5
 f10k2022ex31_singularity.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31 

CERTIFICATIONS REQUIRED BY 

 RULE 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a), AS ADOPTED PURSUANT
TO 

 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Jing Shan, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Singularity Future Technology Ltd.(the registrant for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2022; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 I am responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under my supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to me by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under my supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report my conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 I have disclosed, based on my most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditor and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors: 

(a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 6, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Jing Shan 

Jing Shan 

Chief Operating Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31>

<EX-32>
 6
 f10k2022ex32_singularity.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual
Report on Form 10-K of Singularity Future Technology Ltd. (the Company for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2022, as filed
with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), I, Jing Shan, Chief Operating Officer of the Company, certify,
based on my knowledge, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

1. 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

2. 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company as of and for the period covered by the Report. 

Date: March 6, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Jing Shan 

Jing Shan 

Chief Operating Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.SCH>
 10
 sgly-20220630.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 11
 sgly-20220630_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 12
 sgly-20220630_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 13
 sgly-20220630_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 14
 sgly-20220630_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

