<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230331_10-K_edgar_data_1842556_0001213900-23-025590.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>4067198</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>408171</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>829193</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>869648</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>970373</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>886258</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>7</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-23-025590.hdr.sgml : 20230331
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230331165742
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-23-025590
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		49
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230331
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230331

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			HNR Acquisition Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001842556
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	CRUDE PETROLEUM & NATURAL GAS [1311]
		IRS NUMBER:				854359124
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41278
		FILM NUMBER:		23788861

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3730 KIRBY DRIVE, SUITE 1200
		CITY:			HOUSTON
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			77098
		BUSINESS PHONE:		713.834.1145

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3730 KIRBY DRIVE, SUITE 1200
		CITY:			HOUSTON
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			77098

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-23-025590.txt : 20230331

10-K
 1
 f10k2022_hnracq.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

(Mark One) 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13
OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended ,

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION
13 OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from 
to 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its
charter) 

85- 4359124 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (Commission File Number) (I.R.S. Employer Identification Number) 

, , (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 

Registrant s telephone number, including
area code: 

Not Applicable 

(Former name or former address, if changed
since last report) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act: 

Title of Each Class: Trading Symbol: Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered: American LLC Warrants, each whole warrant exercisable for three quarters of one share of common stock at an exercise price of 11.50 per whole share HNRAW NYSE American LLC 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g)
of the Act: None 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a
well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not
required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding
12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing
requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405
of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company.
See definition of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and emerging
growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial
reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared
or issued its audit report. 

If securities are registered pursuant to Section
12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction
of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check mark whether any of those error
corrections are restatements that require a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s
executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 

The Registrant s Units began trading on
the NYSE American on February 11, 2022 (separate trading of the Registrant s common stock and warrants underlying such Units commenced
trading separately on the NYSE American on April 4, 2022, and the Units ceased trading on April 4, 2022). As of June 30, 2021, the last
business day of the Registrant most recently completed second fiscal quarter, the Registrant s common stock was not publicly
traded. Accordingly, there was no market value for the Registrant s common stock on such date. 

As of March 27, 2023, shares of common stock, par value
 0.0001 per share, were issued and outstanding. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

PAGE 
 
 CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 iii 

PART I 
 
 1 

Item 1 
 Business 
 1 
 
 Item 1.A. 
 Risk Factors 
 23 
 
 Item 1.B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 50 
 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 50 
 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 50 
 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 50 

PART II 
 
 51 

Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 51 
 
 Item 6. 
 [Reserved] 
 52 
 
 Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 52 
 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 56 
 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 56 
 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 56 
 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 56 
 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information. 
 57 
 
 Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions That Prevent Inspections. 
 57 

PART III 
 
 58 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 58 
 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 65 
 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 65 
 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 66 
 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 69 

PART IV 
 
 70 

Item 15. 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 70 
 
 Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 70 

i 

CERTAIN TERMS 

Unless otherwise stated in this Annual Form 10-K (this Report ),
or the context otherwise requires, references to: 

common stock 
 is to our common stock; 

founder shares 
 are to shares of our common stock initially purchased by our sponsor in a private placement prior to our Initial Public Offering; 

Initial Public Offering 
 refers to the Initial Public Offering closed on February 15, 2022. 

initial stockholders 
 are to our holders of our founder shares prior to our Initial Public Offering (or their permitted transferees); 

management 
 or our management team are to our officers and directors; 

private placement
 units are to the units issued to our sponsor in a private placement simultaneously with the closing of our Initial Public
 Offering; 

private placement
 warrants are to the warrants sold as part of the private placement units. 

public shares 
 are to shares of our common stock sold as part of the units in our Initial Public Offering (whether they were purchased in our Initial
 Public Offering or thereafter in the open market); 

public stockholders 
 are to the holders of our public shares, including our initial stockholders and management team to the extent our initial stockholders
 and/or members of our management team purchase public shares, provided that each initial stockholder s and member of our management
 team s status as a public stockholder shall only exist with respect to such public shares; 

public warrants 
 are to our redeemable warrants sold as part of the units in our Initial Public Offering (whether they were purchased in our Initial
 Public Offering or thereafter in the open market), and to any private placement warrants or warrants issued upon conversion of working
 capital loans that are sold to third parties that are not our sponsor or executive officers or directors (or permitted transferees) following
 the consummation of our initial business combination; 

Sponsor refers
 to HNRAC Sponsors, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company; 

warrants 
 are to our redeemable warrants, which includes the public warrants as well as the private placement warrants to the extent they are
 no longer held by the initial purchasers of the private placement units or their permitted transferees; 

HNR, we, 
 us, company or our company are to HNR Acquisition Corp. 

ii 

CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

Some statements contained in this Report may
constitute forward-looking statements for purposes of United States federal securities laws. Our forward-looking statements
include, but are not limited to, statements regarding our or our management team s expectations, hopes, beliefs, intentions or
strategies regarding the future. In addition, any statements that refer to projections, forecasts or other characterizations of future
events or circumstances, including any underlying assumptions, are forward-looking statements. The words anticipate, 
 believe, continue, could, estimate, expect, intends, 
 may, might, plan, possible, potential, predict, project, 
 should, would and similar expressions may identify forward-looking statements, but the absence of these
words does not mean that a statement is not forward-looking. Forward-looking statements in this report may include, for example,
statements about: 

our ability to select an
 appropriate target business or businesses; 

our ability to complete
 our initial business combination; 

our expectations around
 the performance of the prospective target business or businesses; 

our success in retaining
 or recruiting, or changes required in, our officers, key employees or directors following our initial business combination; 

our officers and directors
 allocating their time to other businesses and potentially having conflicts of interest with our business or in approving our initial
 business combination, as a result of which they would then receive expense reimbursements; 

our potential ability to
 obtain additional financing to complete our initial business combination; 

our pool of prospective
 target businesses; 

the ability of our officers
 and directors to generate a number of potential acquisition opportunities; 

our public securities 
 potential liquidity and trading; 

the lack of a market for
 our securities; 

the use of proceeds not
 held in the trust account or available to us from interest income on the trust account balance; 

the trust account not being
 subject to claims of third parties; or 

our financial performance
 following our Initial Public Offering. 

The forward-looking statements contained
in this Report are based on our current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments and their potential effects on us. There
can be no assurance that future developments affecting us will be those that we have anticipated. These forward-looking statements
involve a number of risks, uncertainties (some of which are beyond our control) or other assumptions that may cause actual results or
performance to be materially different from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties
include, but are not limited to, those factors described under the heading Risk Factors . Should one or more of these
risks or uncertainties materialize, or should any of our assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary in material respects from
those projected in these forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements,
whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as may be required under applicable securities laws. These
risks and others described under Risk Factors may not be exhaustive. 

By their nature, forward-looking statements involve
risks and uncertainties because they relate to events and depend on circumstances that may or may not occur in the future. We caution
you that forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and that our actual results of operations, financial condition
and liquidity, and developments in the industry in which we operate may differ materially from those made in or suggested by the forward-looking
statements contained in this Amendment. In addition, even if our results or operations, financial condition and liquidity, and developments
in the industry in which we operate are consistent with the forward-looking statements contained in this Report, those results or developments
may not be indicative of results or developments in subsequent periods. 

iii 

PART I 

ITEM 1. BUSINESS 

Overview of Initial Public Offering 

We are a blank check company incorporated on
December 9, 2020 as a Delaware corporation and formed for the purpose of effecting a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition,
stock purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses. 

The registration statement for the Company s Initial Public Offering
was declared effective on February 10, 2022 (the Effective Date ). On February 15, 2022, we consummated the Initial
Public Offering of 7,500,000 units (the Units and, with respect to the common stock included in the Units sold,
the Public Shares ), at 10.00 per Unit, generating proceeds of 75,000,000. Additionally, the underwriter fully exercised
its option to purchase 1,125,000 additional Units, for which we received cash proceeds of 11,250,000. Simultaneously with the
closing of the Initial Public Offering, we consummated the sale of 505,000 units (the Private Placement Units at a price of 10.00 per unit generating proceeds of 5,050,000 in a private placement to HNRAC Sponsors, LLC, our sponsor (the
 Sponsor and EF Hutton (formerly Kingswood Capital Markets) EF Hutton ). Our management has broad discretion
with respect to the specific application of the net proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and the Private Placement Units, although
substantially all of the net proceeds are intended to be generally applied toward consummating the Purchase. On April 4, 2022, the
Units separated into common stock and warrants, and ceased trading. On April 4, 2022, the common stock and warrants commenced
trading on the NYSE American. 

Transaction costs amounted to 4,793,698 comprised
of 1,725,000 of underwriting discount, 2,587,500 of deferred underwriting fee, and 481,198 of other offering costs. In addition,
 1,368,050 of cash from the Initial Public Offering was held outside of the trust account and is available for working capital purposes. 

White Lion Common Stock Purchase Agreement
and Registration Rights Agreement 

On October 17, 2022, the Company entered into
a common stock purchase agreement (the Common Stock Purchase Agreement and a related registration rights agreement (the
 White Lion RRA with White Lion Capital, LLC, a Nevada limited liability company White Lion ). Pursuant to
the Common Stock Purchase Agreement, the Company has the right, but not the obligation to require White Lion to purchase, from time to
time, up to 150,000,000 in aggregate gross purchase price of newly issued shares of the Company s common stock, par value 0.0001
per share, subject to certain limitations and conditions set forth in the Common Stock Purchase Agreement. Capitalized terms used but
not otherwise defined herein shall have the meaning given to such terms by the Common Stock Purchase Agreement. 

Subject to the satisfaction
of certain customary conditions including, without limitation, the effectiveness of a registration statement registering the shares issuable
pursuant to the Common Stock Purchase Agreement, the Company s right to sell shares to White Lion will commence on the effective
date of the registration statement and extend until December 31, 2025. During such term, subject to the terms and conditions of the Common
Stock Purchase Agreement, the Company may notify White Lion when the Company exercises its right to sell shares (the effective date of
such notice, a Notice Date ). The number of shares sold pursuant to any such notice may not exceed (i) the lower of
(a) 2,000,000 and (b) the dollar amount equal to the product of (1) the Effective Daily Trading Volume (2) the closing price of Common
Stock on the Effective Date (3) 400 and (4) 30 , divided by the closing price of common stock on NYSE American preceding the Notice Date
and (ii) a number of shares of common stock equal to the Average Daily Trading Volume multiplied by the Percentage Limit. 

1 

The purchase price to
be paid by White Lion for any such shares will equal 96 of the lowest daily volume-weighted average price of common stock during a period
of two consecutive trading days following the applicable Notice Date. 

The Company will have
the right to terminate the Common Stock Purchase Agreement at any time after Commencement, at no cost or penalty, upon three trading days 
prior written notice. Additionally, White Lion will have the right to terminate the Common Stock Purchase Agreement upon three days 
prior written notice to the Company if (i) there is a Fundamental Transaction, (ii) the Company is in breach or default in any material
respect of the White Lion RRA, (iii) there is a lapse of the effectiveness, or unavailability of, the Registration Statement for a period
of 45 consecutive trading days or for more than an aggregate of 90 trading days in any 365-day period, (iv) the suspension of trading
of the common stock for a period of five consecutive trading days, (v) the material breach of the Common Stock Purchase Agreement by the
Company, which breach is not cured within the applicable cure period or (vi) a Material Adverse Effect has occurred and is continuing.
No termination of the Common Stock Purchase Agreement will affect the registration rights provisions contained in the White Lion RRA. 

In consideration for
the commitments of White Lion, as described above, the Company has agreed that it will issue to White Lion shares of Common Stock having
a value of 1,500,000 based on the volume-weighted average price of the common stock on a date which is the earlier to occur of (i) two
Trading Days prior to the filing of the registration statement it will file pursuant to the White Lion RRA and (ii) after the closing
of any business combination agreement, the Trading Day prior to the Investor sending a written request to the Company for such commitment
shares, and to include such shares in the registration statement it will file pursuant to the White Lion RRA. 

Registration Rights
Agreement (White Lion) 

Concurrently with the
execution of the Common Stock Purchase Agreement, the Company entered into the White Lion RRA with the White Lion in which the Company
has agreed to register the shares of common stock purchased by White Lion with the SEC for resale within 30 days of the consummation of
a business combination. The White Lion RRA also contains usual and customary damages provisions for failure to file and failure to have
the registration statement declared effective by the SEC within the time periods specified. 

The Common Stock Purchase Agreement and the White
Lion RRA contain customary representations, warranties, conditions and indemnification obligations of the parties. The representations,
warranties and covenants contained in such agreements were made only for purposes of such agreements and as of specific dates, were solely
for the benefit of the parties to such agreements and may be subject to limitations agreed upon by the contracting parties. 

2 

Membership Interest Purchase Agreement and
Related Agreements 

On December 27, 2022, the Company
entered into a membership interest purchase agreement (the MIPA with CIC Pogo LP, a Delaware limited partnership CIC ), DenCo Resources, LLC, a Texas limited liability company DenCo ), Pogo Resources Management,
LLC, a Texas limited liability company Pogo Management ), 4400 Holdings, LLC, a Texas limited liability company 4400 
and, together with CIC, DenCo and Pogo Management, collectively, Seller and each a Seller ),
and, solely with respect to Section 7.20 of the MIPA, the Sponsor. 

Pursuant to the MIPA, and subject to the terms,
provisions, and conditions set forth therein, at the closing of the transactions contemplated by the MIPA (the Closing ),
Seller will sell, assign, and convey to the Company, and the Company will purchase and accept from Seller, effective as of the Effective
Time, one hundred percent (100 of the outstanding membership interests (the Target Interests of Pogo Resources,
LLC, a Texas limited liability company Pogo or the Target ). As used herein, the Effective
Time means 12:01 a.m. on the first day of the calendar month that is four (4) months prior to the calendar
month of the Closing Date. 

The purchase price (the Base Purchase
Price for the Target Interests will be (a) cash in the amount of 100,000,000 in immediately available funds (the Cash
Consideration provided, that up to 15,000,000 of the Cash Consideration may be payable through a promissory note to Seller
(the Seller Promissory Note and (b) 2,000,000 shares of the Company s common stock, par value
 0.0001, valued at 10.00 per share (the Share Consideration provided, that, at Closing, 500,000 shares of
Share Consideration (the Escrowed Share Consideration will be placed in escrow for the benefit of the Company. The
Base Purchase Price is subject to adjustment in accordance with the MIPA. 

Conditions to Closing 

The obligation of Seller to consummate the transactions
contemplated by the MIPA are subject, at the option of Seller, to the satisfaction on or prior to Closing of certain conditions, including:
(i) the accuracy of certain representations and warranties of the Company, except for such breaches, if any, as would not have a
material adverse effect; (ii) the performance and observance of all covenants and agreements to be performed or performed by the
Company, except for such covenants and agreements for which the nonperformance or nonobservance does not or would not be reasonably expected
to have a material adverse effect; (iii) no proceeding by a third party (including any governmental body) seeking to restrain, enjoin,
or otherwise prohibit the consummation of the transactions contemplated by the MIPA will be pending before any governmental body or have
resulted in an injunction, order, or award that grants such relief; (iv) execution and delivery of certain agreements, including
the registration rights agreement and the board observer agreement, by the Company; (v) the aggregate amount of all valid title
defects asserted by the Company do not exceed an amount equal to 20 of the Base Purchase Price; (vi) the Company will be ready,
willing, and able to pay the Cash Consideration to Seller (with at least 85,000,000 payable in cash and no more than 15,000,000 subject
to payment through the terms of the Seller Promissory Note) and issue the Share Consideration to Seller; (vii) the Share Consideration
will have been approved for listing on the NYSE American, Nasdaq or another nationally recognized securities exchange listing mutually
agreed by the Parties, subject only to official notice of issuance thereof; (viii) any waiting period applicable to the transactions
contemplated by the MIPA under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976, as amended, and the rules and
regulations promulgated thereunder (the HSR Act will have been terminated or have expired; and (ix) the transactions
contemplated by the MIPA will have been approved by the Company s stockholders at a special meeting. 

3 

The obligations of the Company to consummate the
transactions contemplated by the MIPA are subject, at the option of the Company, to the satisfaction on or prior to Closing of certain
conditions, including: (i) the accuracy of certain representations and warranties of Seller, except for such breaches, if any, as
would not have a material adverse effect; (ii) the performance and observance of all covenants and agreements to be performed or
performed by Seller in all material aspects; (iii) no proceeding by a third party (including any governmental body) seeking to restrain,
enjoin, or otherwise prohibit the consummation of the transactions contemplated by the MIPA will be pending before any governmental body
or have resulted in an injunction, order, or award that grants such relief, with certain exceptions; (iv) execution and delivery
of certain transaction documents and financial statements by Seller; (v) any waiting period applicable to the transactions contemplated
by the MIPA under the HSR Act will have been terminated or shall have expired; (vi) the transactions contemplated by the MIPA will
have been approved by the Company s stockholders at a special meeting; (vii) the Minimum Cash Amount plus the principal amount
of the Seller Promissory Note will equal a total amount of 100,000,000; (viii) the Company will not have redeemed shares of the
Company s common stock in an amount that would cause the Company to have less than 5,000,001 of net tangible assets; (ix) No
material adverse effect will have occurred between the date of the MIPA and the date of closing (the Closing Date with
respect to the Target; (x) the aggregate amount of all valid title defects will not exceed an amount equal to 20 of the Base Purchase
Price; and (xi) the Company s common stock will have listed, and will have been approved for continued listing, on the NYSE
American, Nasdaq or another nationally recognized securities exchange mutually agreed by the Parties. 

Representations, Warranties and Covenants 

The MIPA contains customary representations,
warranties and covenants of the Company, Target and Seller. 

Termination 

The MIPA may be terminated (i) at any time
prior to Closing by the mutual prior written consent of Seller and the Company; (ii) by Seller or the Company if Closing has not
occurred on or before March 31, 2023 (the Outside Date (iii) by the Company, if all conditions to Seller s
obligation to proceed with Closing have been satisfied or waived by the Company but Seller has refused to close; (iv) by Seller or
the Company if, after the final adjournment of the special meeting of the Company s stockholders at which a vote of the Company s
stockholders has been taken in accordance with the MIPA, the Company s stockholder approval has not been obtained; (v) by Seller,
if (1) the Closing has not occurred on or before February 14, 2023 and Sponsor has not effected the extension of time allowed
for the SPAC (the SPAC Extension to consummate a purchase (on February 8, 2023, the Company effected a SPAC
Extension of 3 months until May 15, 2023); (2) the Company has not obtained aggregate binding commitments of at least 60,000,000.00
in the form of debt, equity or other additional sources of capital from reputable lenders or financing providers, and in a form reasonably
satisfactory to Seller and presented copies of such commitments to Seller on or before December 31, 2022; or (3) the Company
delivers a notice with respect to the determination that the minimum cash amount will not be satisfied; (vi) by either party if a
breach of any representation or warranty or failure to perform any covenant or agreement on the part of the other party set forth in the
MIPA will have occurred that would cause any of the conditions to closing to not to be satisfied, and is incapable of being cured by the
Outside Date or, if curable, is not cured by the breaching party within thirty (30) days of receipt by the breaching party of written
notice of such breach or failure (or, if the Outside Date is less than thirty (30) days from the date of receipt of such notice,
by the Outside Date); or (vii) by Seller, if all conditions to the Company s obligation to proceed with Closing have been satisfied
or waived by Seller (other than those conditions that, by their nature, are to be satisfied at Closing) but the Company has refused to
close. 

If the MIPA is validly terminated, the transactions
contemplated therein will become void and of no further force or effect without any further action of or liability to indemnitees (absent
fraud, or any willful and material breach of the MIPA by a party hereto), and following such termination, Seller will be free immediately
to enjoy all rights of ownership of the Target Interests and to sell, transfer, encumber, or otherwise dispose of the Target Interests
to any Person without any restriction under this Agreement. 

4 

SPAC Stockholder Support Agreement 

Concurrently with the execution of the MIPA, the
Company entered into a SPAC Stockholder Support Agreement with certain of the holders of the Company s common stock and warrants
(each, a SPAC Stockholder ), pursuant to which, among other things, and for no consideration payable to any SPAC Stockholder,
(i) each SPAC Stockholder agrees not to, exercise redemption rights or otherwise elect to redeem, tender or submit for redemption any
securities pursuant to or in connection with the transactions contemplated by the MIPA, and waives any redemption rights; (ii) agrees
unconditionally and irrevocably to vote in favor of the transactions contemplated by the MIPA at a special meeting of the Company s
stockholders and in favor of any other proposals set forth in the proxy statement filed by the Company with the Securities and Exchange
Commission (the SEC relating to the transactions contemplated by the MIPA, and against any transaction, proposal, agreement
or action made in competition or inconsistent with the transactions or matters contemplated by the MIPA. 

Seller Promissory Note 

To the extent the minimum cash amount is less
than 100,000,000, the Seller may issue a Promissory Note to, and payable by the Company, in an amount equal to the lesser of (i) the
difference between 100,000,000 and the minimum cash amount and (ii) 15,000,000, providing for a maturity date that will be six (6) months
from the Closing Date, bearing an interest rate equal to the greater of 12 per annum and the highest interest rate applicable to the
Company financing, and with no penalty for prepayment; provided, that if the Seller Promissory Note is not repaid in full on or prior
to its stated maturity date, the Company will owe interest equal to the lesser of 18 per annum and the highest amount permissible under
law, compounded monthly. 

Until the obligations under the Seller Promissory
Note are repaid in full, the Company (1) shall conduct the business of Pogo and its Subsidiaries in the ordinary course, consistent with
past practice during the nine (9) months prior to the closing the transactions contemplated by the MIPA; (2) will not (i) transfer, sell,
hypothecate, encumber, dispose of any material assets of Target or its subsidiaries unless, following such transfer or sale of assets
the proceeds received by the Company or Target are used to repay 100 of the obligations owed under the Seller Promissory Note or (ii)
acquire any material assets outside of the ordinary course of business; (3) use any proceeds the Company, Target or any of their respective
subsidiaries raised in connection with the issuance of any equity or debt securities to repay (whether full or in part) the accrued and
outstanding obligations under the Seller Promissory Note. 

Registration Rights Agreement 

At Closing, the Company and the Seller will enter
into a Registration Rights Agreement (the Registration Rights Agreement ), pursuant to which the Company has agreed to provide
Seller with certain registration rights with respect to the Share Consideration, as defined in the MIPA, including filing with the SEC
an initial Registration Statement on Form S-1 covering the resale by the Seller of the Share Consideration so as to permit their
resale under Rule 415 under the Securities Act, no later than thirty (30) days following the Closing, use its commercially reasonable
efforts to have the initial Registration Statement declared effective by the SEC as soon as reasonably practicable following the filing
thereof with the SEC and use commercially reasonable efforts to convert the Form S-1 (and any subsequent Registration Statement)
to a shelf registration statement on Form S-3 as promptly as practicable after the Company is eligible to use a Form S-3 Shelf. 

In certain circumstances, the Seller can demand
the Company s assistance with underwritten offerings, and the Seller will be entitled to certain piggyback registration rights. 

Extension 

On February 5, 2023, the Company received a notice
from Sponsor, informing the Company of its intention to extend the period of time the Company will have to consummate its initial business
combination by 3 months from February 15, 2023 to May 15, 2023. 

On February 8, 2023, in accordance with the Company s
amended and restated certificate of incorporation, the Company effected the extension after the Sponsor s designee timely deposited
 862,500 into the Company s trust account in connection with the extension. The extension was the first of up to two three-month
extensions permitted under the Company s amended and restated certificate of incorporation. 

5 

Our Management Team 

We will seek to capitalize on the extensive experience
of each of the members of our management team who have more than 40 years average experience in the energy industry. Mr. Donald
H. Goree, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer has over 40 years experience in the oil and gas industry involving exploration
and production, oil and gas pipeline construction and operations, natural gas gathering, processing and gas liquification. Mr. Goree
was the Founder and President of Goree Petroleum Inc., a corporation engaged in oil and gas exploration and production in premiere basins
throughout the United States for 35 years. Currently, Mr. Goree is the Founder, Chairman and Chief Executive officer of
Houston Natural Resources, Inc., a global natural resource corporation located in Houston, Texas and the controlling member of our sponsor.
Mr. Goree also previously served as Founder, Chairman and Chief Executive officer of Global Xchange Solutions AG., a publicly reporting
corporation, private equity, investment bank and market-making firm, based in Zurich, Switzerland, with offices in Frankfurt, Germany
and London, United Kingdom. Global Xchange Solutions sponsored listings of private companies to the London Stock Exchange, AIM,
the Frankfurt Stock Exchange, the Berlin Stock Exchange and the B rse Stuttgart , and provided public company development
and market development advice. Mr. Goree also previously served as Chairman and Chief Executive officer of Azur Holdings,
Inc., a Fort Lauderdale, Florida-based, OTC-listed luxury real estate developer of mid-rise waterfront condominiums. Mr. Donald
W. Orr, our President, is a degreed geologist with over 42 years of experience in petroleum geology and production operations. Mr. Orr
began his career as a junior geologist with Texas Oil and Gas Corporation in 1976, and was elevated within two years to a supervisory
role overseeing over five geologists on his team, most of whom had more experience than Mr. Orr. In 1979, Mr. Orr helped form
American Shoreline, Inc., an independent oil and gas company. Mr. Orr formerly held a position with Seven Energy LLC, a wholly owned
subsidiary of Weatherford International plc in 2005, where he pioneered numerous innovations in underbalanced drilling, or UBD, including
drilling with unconventional materials and devising the methodology for unlocking the productive capacity of the Buda Lime through the
use of UBD. In June 2009, Mr. Orr founded XNP Resources, LLC, an independent oil and gas company engaged in the exploration,
development, production, and acquisition of oil and natural gas resources. Shortly thereafter, XNP Resources teamed up with Tahoe Energy
Partners, LLC to acquire oil and gas leases for drilling in the Rocky Mountain region. At Mr. Orr s direction, XNP Resources
began acquiring a strategic leasehold position in the Sand Wash Basin in Colorado. XNP Resources was able to secure a major leasehold
position in the heart of what has become the highly competitive Niobrara Shale formation in western Colorado. Since 2014, Mr. Orr
has been developing an unconventional resource play in Alaska that contains over 600 billion cubic feet of gas in stacked coal reservoirs.
More recently, Mr. Orr assembled a team of oil and gas professionals in order to study certain oil provinces in Columbia. South
America. 

The past performance of the members of our management
team is not a guarantee that we will be able to identify a suitable candidate for our initial business combination or of success with
respect to any business combination we may consummate. You should not rely on the historical record of the performance of our management
team as indicative of our future performance. Additionally, in the course of their respective careers, members of our management team
have been involved in businesses and deals that were unsuccessful. None of our officers and directors has experience with SPACs. 

Business Strategy 

Our acquisition and value creation strategy will
be to identify, acquire and, after our initial business combination, build a company in the energy industry in North America that complements
the experience of our management team and can benefit from their operational expertise and/or executive oversight. Our acquisition strategy
will leverage our management team s network of potential proprietary and public transaction sources where we believe a combination
of our relationships, knowledge and experience in the energy industry could effect a positive transformation or augmentation of existing
businesses or properties to improve their overall value proposition. 

We plan to utilize the network and industry experience
of our management team and business partners in seeking an initial business combination and employing our acquisition strategy. Over
the course of their careers, the members of our management team and their affiliates have developed a broad network of contacts and industry
relationships that we believe will serve as a useful source of acquisition opportunities. This network has been developed through our
management team s extensive experience in both investing and operating in the energy industry. In addition to our industry and
lending community relationships, we plan to leverage relationships with management teams of public and private companies, capital market
participants, private equity groups, investment banking firms, consultants, restructuring advisers, attorneys and accounting firms, which
we believe should provide us with a number of business combination opportunities. The members of our management team will communicate
with their networks of relationships to articulate the parameters for our search for a target business and a potential business combination
and begin the process of pursuing and reviewing opportunities with value creation potential. 

6 

The primary strategies our management team will
use to identify a potential business combination to generate favorable returns include seeking to: 

Acquire and operate quality,
 producing assets, with high working interests, in a well-known basin with a large oil and gas reserve base and production, proved
 reserve and cash flow upside at an attractive valuation. 

Provide development capital
 and expertise to partner with companies with high quality assets, established infrastructure and core acreage positions at attractive
 economics. 

Leverage proved developed
 reserves while targeting multiple productive pay zones to increase upside potential. 

Target producing assets
 with significant opportunities for cost improvements and application of new technology. 

Acquisition Criteria 

Consistent with this strategy, we have identified
the following general criteria and guidelines that we believe are important in evaluating prospective target businesses. We will use
these criteria and guidelines in evaluating acquisition opportunities, but we may decide to enter into our initial business combination
with a target business that does not meet these criteria and guidelines. We intend to acquire companies that we believe: 

are well positioned to
 benefit from increased levels of production from key domestic basins; 

have significant proved
 developed producing reserves in a well-known basin with proven development opportunities; 

have significant proved
 un-developed reserves in a well-known basin with proven development opportunities; 

have the ability to generate
 significant current free cash flow; 

have potential to generate
 significant growth in shareholder value following our initial business combination; 

are at an inflection point,
 such as requiring additional management expertise, are able to innovate through new operational techniques and technology, or where
 we believe we can drive improved financial performance; 

have developed leading
 positions within the energy industry, based on our evaluation of several factors, including growth profile, competitive environment,
 profitability profile and sustainability of business plan; 

can utilize the extensive
 networks, operational experience and insights our management team has built in the energy industry; 

are fundamentally sound
 but we believe can achieve better results by leveraging the operating and financial experience of our management team and their affiliates; 

exhibit unrecognized value
 or other characteristics, desirable returns on capital, and a need for capital to achieve the company s growth strategy, that
 we believe have been misevaluated by the marketplace based on our analysis and due diligence review; and 

can offer attractive risk-adjusted returns
 on investments for our stockholders. 

We will seek to acquire the target on terms and
in a manner that leverage our management team s experience investing within the energy industry. Potential upside from growth in
the target business and an improved capital structure will be weighed against any identified downside risks. 

These criteria are not intended to be exhaustive.
Any evaluation relating to the merits of a particular initial business combination may be based, to the extent relevant, on these general
guidelines as well as other considerations, factors and criteria that our management may deem relevant. In the event that we decide to
enter into our initial business combination with Pogo and decide to enter into our initial business combination with another target business
that does not meet these criteria and guidelines, we will disclose that the target business does not meet the above criteria in our stockholder
communications related to our initial business combination, which, as discussed in this Report, would be in the form of tender offer documents
or proxy solicitation materials filed with the SEC. 

7 

Our Acquisition Process 

In evaluating a prospective target business,
we expect to conduct a thorough due diligence review that will encompass, among other things, meetings with incumbent management and
employees, document reviews, inspection of facilities, as well as a review of financial and other information that will be made available
to us. In conducting our due diligence review, we intend to leverage the experience of members of our management team on an efficient
and cost effective basis as we deploy them to review matters related to their specific areas of functional expertise. 

We are not prohibited from pursuing an initial
business combination with a company that is affiliated with our sponsor, or any of our officers or directors. In the event we seek to
complete our initial business combination with a company that is affiliated with our sponsor, or any of our officers or directors, we,
or a committee of independent directors, will obtain an opinion from either an independent investment banking firm or another independent
entity that commonly renders valuation opinions that our initial business combination is fair to our company from a financial point of
view. We will also provide a summary of any such opinion or report to shareholders in connection with any vote on an initial business
combination in our proxy materials or tender offer documents, as applicable, related to our initial business combination in accordance
with Section 1015(b) of Regulation S-K. Additionally, pursuant to the NYSE American rules, any initial business combination must be approved
by a majority of our independent directors. 

Members of our management team directly or indirectly
own founder shares and/or private placement units and, accordingly, may have a conflict of interest in determining whether a particular
target business is an appropriate business with which to effectuate our initial business combination. Further, each of our officers and
directors may have a conflict of interest with respect to evaluating a particular business combination target if the retention or resignation
of any such officers and directors was included by a target business as a condition to any agreement with respect to our initial business
combination. 

Each of our officers and directors presently
has, and any of them in the future may have additional, fiduciary or contractual obligations to other entities pursuant to which such
officer or director is or will be required to present a business combination opportunity. Accordingly, if any of our officers or directors
becomes aware of a business combination opportunity which is suitable for an entity to which he or she has then-current fiduciary
or contractual obligations, he or she will honor his or her fiduciary or contractual obligations to present such opportunity to such
entity. We do not believe, however, that the fiduciary duties or contractual obligations of our officers or directors will materially
affect our ability to complete our business combination. Our Certificate of Incorporation provides that we renounce our interest in any
corporate opportunity offered to any director or officer unless such opportunity is expressly offered to such person solely in his or
her capacity as a director or officer of our company and such opportunity is one we are legally and contractually permitted to undertake
and would otherwise be reasonable for us to pursue. 

Our executive officers are not required to commit
any specified amount of time to our affairs, and, accordingly, will have conflicts of interest in allocating management time among various
business activities, including identifying potential business combination targets and monitoring the related due diligence. 

Initial Business Combination 

So long as we maintain a listing for our securities
on the NYSE American, our initial business combination must be with one or more target businesses that together have an aggregate fair
market value equal to at least 80 of the value of the assets held in the trust account (excluding any deferred underwriters fees and
taxes payable on the interest earned on the trust account) at the time of our signing a definitive agreement in connection with our initial
business combination. The fair market value of the target or targets will be determined by our board of directors based upon one or more
standards generally accepted by the financial community (such as actual and potential sales, earnings, cash flow and/or book value).
Although our board of directors will rely on generally accepted standards, our board of directors will have discretion to select the
standards employed. In addition, the application of the standards generally involves a substantial degree of judgment. Accordingly, investors
will be relying on the business judgment of the board of directors in evaluating the fair market value of the target or targets. The
proxy solicitation materials or tender offer documents used by us in connection with any proposed transaction will provide public stockholders
with our analysis of the fair market value of the target business, as well as the basis for our determinations. If our board of directors
is not able to independently determine the fair market value of the target business or businesses, we will obtain an opinion from an
independent investment banking firm or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions that our initial business
combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view. We will also provide a summary of any such opinion or report to shareholders
in connection with any vote on an initial business combination in our proxy materials or tender offer documents, as applicable, related
to our initial business combination in accordance with Section 1015(b) of Regulation S-K. Additionally, pursuant to the NYSE American
rules, any initial business combination must be approved by a majority of our independent directors. 

8 

We currently anticipate structuring our initial
business combination so that the post-transaction company in which our public stockholders own shares will own or acquire 100 of
the equity interests or assets of the target business or businesses. We may, however, structure our initial business combination such
that the post-transaction company owns or acquires less than 100 of such interests or assets of the target business in order to
meet certain objectives of the target management team or stockholders or for other reasons. However, we will only complete such business
combination if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50 or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise
acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment
Company Act. Even if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50 or more of the voting securities of the target, our stockholders
prior to the business combination may collectively own a minority interest in the post-transaction company, depending on valuations
ascribed to the target and us in the business combination transaction. For example, we could pursue a transaction in which we issue a
substantial number of new shares in exchange for all of the outstanding capital stock of a target. In this case, we would acquire a 100 
controlling interest in the target. However, as a result of the issuance of a substantial number of new shares, our stockholders immediately
prior to our initial business combination could own less than a majority of our outstanding shares subsequent to our initial business
combination. If less than 100 of the equity interests or assets of a target business or businesses are owned or acquired by the post-transaction company,
the portion of such business or businesses that is owned or acquired is what will be valued for purposes of the 80 fair market value
test. If the business combination involves more than one target business, the 80 fair market value test will be based on the aggregate
value of all of the target businesses and we will treat the target businesses together as the initial business combination for purposes
of a tender offer or for seeking stockholder approval, as applicable. 

Sourcing of Potential Business Combination
Targets 

We believe our management team s significant
operating and transaction experience and relationships with companies will provide us with a substantial number of potential business
combination targets. Over the course of their careers, such individuals have developed a broad network of contacts and corporate relationships
around the world. This network has grown through the activities of our management team sourcing, acquiring, financing and selling businesses,
our management team s relationships with sellers, financing sources and target management teams and the experience of such individuals
in executing transactions under varying economic and financial market conditions. 

In addition, members of our management team have
developed contacts from serving on the boards of directors of several companies in diverse sectors, as described more fully in Management . 

This network is expected to provide us with a
robust and consistent flow of acquisition opportunities which we expect to be proprietary or where a limited group of investors will
be invited to participate in the sale process. In addition, we anticipate that target business candidates will be brought to our attention
from various unaffiliated sources, including investment market participants, private equity funds and large business enterprises seeking
to divest non-core assets or divisions. 

We are not prohibited from pursuing an initial
business combination with a company that is affiliated with our sponsor, officers or directors. In the event we seek to complete our
initial business combination with a company that is affiliated with our sponsor, officers or directors, we, or a committee of independent
directors, will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation
opinion that our initial business combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view. We will also provide a summary of
any such opinion or report to shareholders in connection with any vote on an initial business combination in our proxy materials or tender
offer documents, as applicable, related to our initial business combination in accordance with Section 1015(b) of Regulation S-K. Additionally,
pursuant to the NYSE American rules, any initial business combination must be approved by a majority of our independent directors. 

As more fully discussed in Management 
Conflicts of Interest , if any of our executive officers or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity that
falls within the line of business of any entity to which such officer or director has pre-existing fiduciary or contractual obligations,
such officer or director may be required to present such business combination opportunity to such entity prior to presenting such business
combination opportunity to us. Our executive officers and directors currently have fiduciary duties or contractual obligations to several
entities that may present a conflict of interest. As a result of these duties and obligations, situations may arise in which business
opportunities may be given to one or more of these other entities prior to being presented to us. 

9 

Status as a Public Company 

We believe our structure makes us an attractive
business combination partner to target businesses. As a public company, we offer a target business an alternative to the traditional initial
public offering through a merger or other business combination. In this situation, the owners of the target business would exchange their
shares of stock in the target business for shares of our stock or for a combination of shares of our stock and cash, allowing us to tailor
the consideration to the specific needs of the sellers. Although there are various costs and obligations associated with being a public
company, we believe target businesses will find this method a more certain and cost effective method to becoming a public company than
the typical initial public offering. In a typical initial public offering, there are additional expenses incurred in marketing, road show
and public reporting efforts that may not be present to the same extent in connection with a business combination with us. 

Furthermore, once a proposed business combination
is completed, the target business will have effectively become public, whereas an initial public offering is always subject to the underwriter s
ability to complete the offering, as well as general market conditions, which could delay or prevent the offering from occurring. Once
public, we believe the target business would then have greater access to capital and an additional means of providing management incentives
consistent with stockholders interests. It can offer further benefits by augmenting a company s profile among potential
new customers and vendors and aid in attracting talented employees. 

While we believe that our structure and our management
team s backgrounds make us an attractive business partner, some potential target businesses may view our status as a blank check
company, without an operating history, and the uncertainty relating to our ability to obtain stockholder approval of our proposed initial
business combination and retain sufficient funds in our trust account in connection therewith, negatively. 

Emerging Growth Company 

We are an emerging growth company, 
as defined in the JOBS Act. As such, we are eligible to take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that
are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies including, but not limited to, not being
required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations
regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a non-binding advisory
vote on executive compensation and stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. If some investors find
our securities less attractive as a result, there may be a less active trading market for our securities and the prices of our securities
may be more volatile. 

In addition, Section 107 of the JOBS Act
also provides that an emerging growth company can take advantage of the extended transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B)
of the Securities Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards. In other words, an emerging growth company 
can delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies. We intend to
take advantage of the benefits of this extended transition period. Accordingly, the information we provide to you may be different than
you might get from other public companies in which you hold securities. 

We will remain an emerging growth company until
the earliest of (i) the last day of the fiscal year following the fifth anniversary of the closing of our Initial Public Offering,
or December 31, 2027, (ii) the last day of the fiscal year in which we have total annual gross revenue of at least 1.07 billion,
(iii) the last day of the fiscal year in which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer as defined in Rule 12b-2 under
the Exchange Act, which would occur if the market value of our common stock held by non-affiliates exceeded 700.0 million
as of the last business day of the second fiscal quarter of such year or (iv) the date on which we have issued more than 1.00 billion
in non-convertible debt securities during the prior three-year period. 

Financial Position 

With funds available for a business combination
initially in the amount of 87,975,000, assuming no redemptions, we offer a target business a variety of options such as creating a liquidity
event for its owners, providing capital for the potential growth and expansion of its operations or strengthening its balance sheet by
reducing its debt ratio. Because we are able to complete our business combination using our cash, debt or equity securities, or a combination
of the foregoing, we have the flexibility to use the most efficient combination that will allow us to tailor the consideration to be
paid to the target business to fit its needs and desires. However, we have not taken any steps to secure third party financing and there
can be no assurance it will be available to us. 

10 

Effecting our Initial Business Combination 

We are not presently engaged in, and we will not
engage in, any operations for an indefinite period of time. We intend to effectuate our initial business combination using cash from the
proceeds of our Initial Public Offering and the private placement of the private placement units, the sale and issuance of equity, debt
or a combination of these as the consideration to be paid in our initial business combination. We may seek to complete our initial business
combination with a company or business that may be financially unstable or in its early stages of development or growth, which would subject
us to the numerous risks inherent in such companies and businesses. 

If our initial business combination is paid for
using equity or debt securities, or not all of the funds released from the trust account are used for payment of the consideration in
connection with our business combination or used for redemptions of purchases of our common stock, we may apply the balance of the cash
released to us from the trust account for general corporate purposes, including for maintenance or expansion of operations of the post-transaction company,
the payment of principal or interest due on indebtedness incurred in completing our initial business combination, to fund the purchase
of other companies or for working capital. 

We may seek to raise additional funds through
a private offering of debt or equity securities in connection with the completion of our initial business combination, and we may effectuate
our initial business combination using the proceeds of such offering rather than using the amounts held in the trust account. 

In the case of an initial business combination
funded with assets other than the trust account assets, our tender offer documents or proxy materials disclosing the business combination
would disclose the terms of the financing and, only if required by law, we would seek stockholder approval of such financing. There are
no prohibitions on our ability to raise funds privately or through loans in connection with our initial business combination. 

At this time, we are not a party to any arrangement
or understanding with any third party with respect to raising any additional funds through the sale of securities or otherwise. 

Selection of a target business and structuring
of our initial business combination 

The NYSE American rules require that our initial
business combination must be with one or more target businesses that together have an aggregate fair market value equal to at least 80 
of the value of the assets held in the trust account (excluding any deferred underwriters fees and taxes payable on the interest earned
on the trust account) at the time of our signing a definitive agreement in connection with our initial business combination. So long as
we maintain a listing for our securities on the NYSE American, we will be required to comply with such rule. The fair market value of
the target or targets will be determined by our board of directors based upon one or more standards generally accepted by the financial
community. Although our board of directors will rely on generally accepted standards, our board of directors will have discretion to select
the standards employed. In addition, the application of the standards generally involves a substantial degree of judgment. Accordingly,
investors will be relying on the business judgment of the board of directors in evaluating the fair market value of the target or targets.
The proxy solicitation materials or tender offer documents used by us in connection with any proposed transaction will provide public
stockholders with our analysis of the fair market value of the target business, as well as the basis for our determinations. If our board
is not able to independently determine the fair market value of the target business or businesses, we will obtain an opinion from an independent
investment banking firm or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinion that our initial business combination is
fair to our company from a financial point of view. We will also provide a summary of any such opinion or report to shareholders in connection
with any vote on an initial business combination in our proxy materials or tender offer documents, as applicable, related to our initial
business combination in accordance with Section 1015(b) of Regulation S-K. Additionally, pursuant to the NYSE American rules, any initial
business combination must be approved by a majority of our independent directors. We do not intend to purchase multiple businesses in
unrelated industries in conjunction with our initial business combination. Subject to this requirement, our management have virtually
unrestricted flexibility in identifying and selecting one or more prospective target businesses, although we are be permitted to effectuate
our initial business combination with another blank check company or a similar company with nominal operations. 

11 

In any case, we will only complete an initial
business combination in which we own or acquire 50 or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquire a
controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company
Act. If we own or acquire less than 100 of the equity interests or assets of a target business or businesses, the portion of such business
or businesses that are owned or acquired by the post-transaction company is what will be valued for purposes of the 80 fair market
value test. There is no basis for investors in our Initial Public Offering to evaluate the possible merits or risks of any target business
with which we may ultimately complete our business combination. 

To the extent we effect our business combination
with a company or business that may be financially unstable or in its early stages of development or growth we may be affected by numerous
risks inherent in such company or business. Although our management will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target
business, we cannot assure you that we will properly ascertain or assess all significant risk factors. 

In evaluating a prospective target business,
we expect to conduct a thorough due diligence review which will encompass, among other things, meetings with incumbent management and
employees, document reviews, inspection of facilities, as well as a review of financial, operational, legal and other information which
will be made available to us. 

The time required to select and evaluate a target
business and to structure and complete our initial business combination, and the costs associated with this process, are not currently
ascertainable with any degree of certainty. Any costs incurred with respect to the identification and evaluation of a prospective target
business with which our business combination is not ultimately completed will result in our incurring losses and will reduce the funds
we can use to complete another business combination. 

Lack of business diversification 

For an indefinite period of time after the completion
of our initial business combination, the prospects for our success may depend entirely on the future performance of a single business. 

Unlike other entities that have the resources
to complete business combinations with multiple entities in one or several industries, it is probable that we will not have the resources
to diversify our operations and mitigate the risks of being in a single line of business. By completing our business combination with
only a single entity, our lack of diversification may: 

subject us to negative
 economic, competitive and regulatory developments, any or all of which may have a substantial adverse impact on the particular industry
 in which we operate after our initial business combination, and 

cause us to depend on the
 marketing and sale of a single product or limited number of products or services. 

Limited ability to evaluate the target s
management team 

Although we intend to closely scrutinize the
management of a prospective target business when evaluating the desirability of effecting our business combination with that business,
our assessment of the target business management may not prove to be correct. In addition, the future management may not have
the necessary skills, qualifications or abilities to manage a public company. Furthermore, the future role of members of our management
team, if any, in the target business cannot presently be stated with any certainty. While it is possible that one or more of our directors
will remain associated in some capacity with us following our business combination, it is unlikely that any of them will devote their
full efforts to our affairs subsequent to our business combination. Moreover, we cannot assure you that members of our management team
will have significant experience or knowledge relating to the operations of the particular target business. 

We cannot assure you that any of our key personnel
will remain in senior management or advisory positions with the combined company. The determination as to whether any of our key personnel
will remain with the combined company will be made at the time of our initial business combination. 

Following a business combination, we may seek
to recruit additional managers to supplement the incumbent management of the target business. We cannot assure you that we will have
the ability to recruit additional managers, or that additional managers will have the requisite skills, knowledge or experience necessary
to enhance the incumbent management. 

12 

Stockholders may not have the ability to approve
our initial business combination 

We may conduct redemptions without a stockholder
vote pursuant to the tender offer rules of the SEC. However, we will seek stockholder approval if it is required by law or applicable
stock exchange rule, or we may decide to seek stockholder approval for business or other legal reasons. Presented in the table below
is a graphic explanation of the types of initial business combinations we may consider and whether stockholder approval is currently
required under Delaware law for each such transaction. 

Type of Transaction 
 Whether Stockholder Approval is Required under Delaware Law 
 
 Purchase of assets 
 No 
 
 Purchase of stock of target not involving a merger with the company 
 No 
 
 Merger of target into a subsidiary of the company 
 No 
 
 Merger of the company with a target 
 Yes 

Under the NYSE American s listing rules,
stockholder approval would be required for our initial business combination if, for example: 

we issue shares of common
 stock that will be equal to or in excess of 20 of the number of shares of our common stock then outstanding (other than in a public
 offering); 

any of our directors, officers
 or substantial stockholders (as defined by the NYSE American rules) has a 5 or greater interest (or such persons collectively have
 a 10 or greater interest), directly or indirectly, in the target business or assets to be acquired or otherwise and the present
 or potential issuance of common stock could result in an increase in outstanding common shares or voting power of 5 or more; or 

the issuance or potential
 issuance of common stock will result in our undergoing a change of control. 

Permitted purchases of our securities 

In the event we seek stockholder approval of
our business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules,
our sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates may purchase shares in privately negotiated transactions or in the open
market either prior to or following the completion of our initial business combination. However, we are not aware of any current commitments,
plans or intentions to engage in such transactions and have not formulated any terms or conditions for any such transactions. None of
the funds in the trust account will be used to purchase shares in such transactions. They will not make any such purchases when they
are in possession of any material non-public information not disclosed to the seller or if such purchases are prohibited by Regulation
M under the Exchange Act. Such a purchase may include a contractual acknowledgement that such stockholder, although still the record
holder of our shares is no longer the beneficial owner thereof and therefore agrees not to exercise its redemption rights. We will adopt
an insider trading policy which will require insiders to: (i) refrain from purchasing shares during certain blackout periods and
when they are in possession of any material non-public information and (ii) to clear all trades with our legal counsel prior
to execution. We cannot currently determine whether our insiders will make such purchases pursuant to a Rule 10b5-1 plan, as
it will be dependent upon several factors, including but not limited to, the timing and size of such purchases. Depending on such circumstances,
our insiders may either make such purchases pursuant to a Rule 10b5-1 plan or determine that such a plan is not necessary. 

In the event that our sponsor, directors, officers,
advisors or their affiliates purchase shares in privately negotiated transactions from public stockholders who have already elected to
exercise their redemption rights, such selling stockholders would be required to revoke their prior elections to redeem their shares.
We do not currently anticipate that such purchases, if any, would constitute a tender offer subject to the tender offer rules under the
Exchange Act or a going-private transaction subject to the going-private rules under the Exchange Act; however, if the purchasers
determine at the time of any such purchases that the purchases are subject to such rules, the purchasers will comply with such rules. 

13 

The purpose of such purchases would be to (i) vote
such shares in favor of the business combination and thereby increase the likelihood of obtaining stockholder approval of the business
combination or (ii) to satisfy a closing condition in an agreement with a target that requires us to have a minimum net worth or
a certain amount of cash at the closing of our business combination, where it appears that such requirement would otherwise not be met.
This may result in the completion of our business combination that may not otherwise have been possible. 

In addition, if such purchases are made, the
public float of our common stock may be reduced and the number of beneficial holders of our securities may be reduced,
which may make it difficult to maintain or obtain the quotation, listing or trading of our securities on a national securities exchange. 

Our sponsor, officers, directors and/or their
affiliates anticipate that they may identify the stockholders with whom our sponsor, officers, directors or their affiliates may pursue
privately negotiated purchases by either the stockholders contacting us directly or by our receipt of redemption requests submitted by
stockholders following our mailing of proxy materials in connection with our initial business combination. To the extent that our sponsor,
officers, directors, advisors or their affiliates enter into a private purchase, they would identify and contact only potential selling
stockholders who have expressed their election to redeem their shares for a pro rata share of the trust account or vote against the business
combination. Our sponsor, officers, directors, advisors or their affiliates will only purchase shares if such purchases comply with Regulation
M under the Exchange Act and all other applicable federal securities laws. 

Any purchases by our sponsor, officers, directors
and/or their affiliates who are affiliated purchasers under Rule 10b-18 under the Exchange Act will only be made to the extent
such purchases are able to be made in compliance with Rule 10b-18, which is a safe harbor from liability for manipulation under
Section 9(a)(2) of, and Rule 10b-5 under, the Exchange Act. Rule 10b-18 has certain technical requirements that
must be complied with in order for the safe harbor to be available to the purchaser. Our sponsor, officers, directors and/or their affiliates
will not make purchases of common stock if the purchases would violate Section 9(a)(2) of, or Rule 10b-5 under, the Exchange
Act. 

Ability to Extend Time to Complete Business
Combination 

On February 5, 2023, the Company received a notice
from Sponsor, informing the Company of its intention to extend the period of time the Company will have to consummate its initial business
combination by 3 months from February 15, 2023 to May 15, 2023. 

On February 8, 2023, in accordance with the Company s
amended and restated certificate of incorporation, the Company effected the extension after the Sponsor s designee timely deposited
 862,500 into the Company s trust account in connection with the extension. The extension was the first of up to two three-month
extensions permitted under the Company s amended and restated certificate of incorporation. 

Currently, we will have until 15 months from
February 15, 2022 (i.e., May 15, 2023) to consummate our initial business combination. However, if we anticipate that we may not be able
to consummate our initial business combination within 15 months, we may, by resolution of our board if requested by our sponsor,
extend the period of time to consummate a business combination by an additional three months (for a total of up to 18 months to complete
a business combination), subject to the sponsor depositing additional funds into the trust account as set out below. Pursuant to the terms
of the trust agreement entered into between us and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, LLC, in order to extend the time available
for us to consummate our initial business combination, our initial shareholders or their affiliates or designees, upon five days advance
notice prior to the applicable deadline, must deposit into the trust account for each three-month extension, 862,500 on or prior
to the date of the applicable deadline, up to an aggregate of 1,725,000, or approximately 0.20 per share. Any such payments would be
made in the form of a loan. Any such loans will be non-interest bearing and payable upon the consummation of our initial business
combination. If we complete our initial business combination, we would repay such loaned amounts. In the event that our initial business
combination does not close, we may use a portion of the working capital held outside the trust account to repay such loaned amounts but
no proceeds from our trust account would be used for such repayment. Up to 1,000,000 of such loans may be convertible into private placement
warrants of the post business combination entity at a price of 1.00 per private placement warrant at the option of the lender. Furthermore,
the letter agreement with our initial stockholders contains a provision pursuant to which our sponsor has agreed to waive its right to
be repaid for such loans out of the funds held in the trust account in the event that we do not complete a business combination. In the
event that we receive notice from our sponsor five days prior to the applicable deadline of its wish for us to effect an extension, we
intend to issue a press release announcing such intention at least three days prior to the applicable deadline. In addition, we intend
to issue a press release the day after the applicable deadline announcing whether or not the funds had been timely deposited. Our sponsor
and its affiliates or designees are not obligated to fund the trust account to extend the time for us to complete our initial business
combination. If we choose to extend the period of time to consummate a business combination as set forth herein, you will not have the
ability to vote or redeem your shares in connection with either of the three-month extensions. However, if we seek to complete a
business combination during an extension period, investors will still be able to vote and redeem their shares in connection with that
business combination. 

14 

Redemption rights for public stockholders
upon completion of our initial business combination 

We will provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem
all or a portion of their shares of common stock upon the completion of our initial business combination at a per-share price, payable
in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account as of two business days prior to the consummation of the initial
business combination, including interest (which interest shall be net of taxes payable) divided by the number of then outstanding public
shares, subject to the limitations described herein. The amount in the trust account is anticipated to be 10.30 per public share (plus
any pro rata interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to the Company to pay its tax obligations). 

Manner of Conducting Redemptions 

We will provide our public stockholders with the
opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their shares of common stock upon the completion of our initial business combination either
(i) in connection with a stockholder meeting called to approve the business combination or (ii) by means of a tender offer.
The decision as to whether we will seek stockholder approval of a proposed business combination or conduct a tender offer will be made
by us, solely in our discretion, and will be based on a variety of factors such as the timing of the transaction and whether the terms
of the transaction would require us to seek stockholder approval under the law or stock exchange listing requirement. Under the NYSE American
rules, asset acquisitions and stock purchases would not typically require stockholder approval while direct mergers with our company where
we do not survive and any transactions where we issue more than 20 of our outstanding common stock or seek to amend our Certificate of
Incorporation would require stockholder approval. We may conduct redemptions without a stockholder vote pursuant to the tender offer rules
of the SEC unless stockholder approval is required by law or stock exchange listing requirement or we choose to seek stockholder approval
for business or other legal reasons. So long as we maintain a listing for our securities on the NYSE American, we would be required to
comply with such rules. 

If a stockholder vote is not required and we do
not decide to hold a stockholder vote for business or other legal reasons, we will, pursuant to our Certificate of Incorporation: 

conduct the redemptions
 pursuant to Rule 13e-4 and Regulation 14E of the Exchange Act, which regulate issuer tender offers, and 

file tender offer documents
 with the SEC prior to completing our initial business combination which contain substantially the same financial and other information
 about the initial business combination and the redemption rights as is required under Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act, which
 regulates the solicitation of proxies. 

Upon the public announcement of our business
combination, we or our sponsor will terminate any plan established in accordance with Rule 10b5-1 to purchase shares of our
common stock in the open market if we elect to redeem our public shares through a tender offer, to comply with Rule 14e-5 under
the Exchange Act. 

In the event we conduct redemptions pursuant
to the tender offer rules, our offer to redeem will remain open for at least 20 business days, in accordance with Rule 14e-1(a)
under the Exchange Act, and we will not be permitted to complete our initial business combination until the expiration of the tender
offer period. In addition, the tender offer will be conditioned on public stockholders not tendering more than a specified number of
public shares which are not purchased by our sponsor, which number will be based on the requirement that we may not redeem public shares
in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 upon the consummation of our initial business combination
(so that we are not subject to the SEC s penny stock rules) or any greater net tangible asset or cash requirement
which may be contained in the agreement relating to our initial business combination. If public stockholders tender more shares than
we have offered to purchase, we will withdraw the tender offer and not complete the initial business combination. 

If, however, stockholder approval of the transaction
is required by law or stock exchange listing requirement, or we decide to obtain stockholder approval for business or other legal reasons,
we will, pursuant to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation: 

conduct the redemptions
 in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act, which regulates the solicitation of
 proxies, and not pursuant to the tender offer rules, and 

file proxy materials with
 the SEC. 

15 

In the event that we seek stockholder approval
of our initial business combination, we will distribute proxy materials and, in connection therewith, provide our public stockholders
with the redemption rights described above upon completion of the initial business combination. 

If we seek stockholder approval, we will complete
our initial business combination only if a majority of the outstanding shares of common stock voted are voted in favor of the business
combination. A quorum for such meeting will consist of the holders present in person or by proxy of shares of outstanding capital stock
of the company representing a majority of the voting power of all outstanding shares of capital stock of the company entitled to vote
at such meeting. Our sponsor will count toward this quorum and has agreed to vote all shares of our common stock having voting rights
that it then owns in favor of our initial business combination. These quorum and voting thresholds, and the voting agreement of our sponsor,
may make it more likely that we will consummate our initial business combination. Each public stockholder may elect to redeem its public
shares irrespective of whether they vote for or against the proposed transaction. In addition, our sponsor and its permitted transferees
each has entered into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which each has agreed to waive its redemption rights with respect to all
shares of our common stock then owned by it in connection with the completion of a business combination. 

Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation
will provide that in no event will we redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than
 5,000,001 upon the consummation of our initial business combination (so that we are not subject to the SEC s penny stock 
rules). Redemptions of our public shares may also be subject to a higher net tangible asset test or cash requirement pursuant to an agreement
relating to our initial business combination. For example, the proposed business combination may require: (i) cash consideration
to be paid to the target or its owners, (ii) cash to be transferred to the target for working capital or other general corporate
purposes or (iii) the retention of cash to satisfy other conditions in accordance with the terms of the proposed business combination.
In the event the aggregate cash consideration we would be required to pay for all shares of common stock that are validly submitted for
redemption plus any amount required to satisfy cash conditions pursuant to the terms of the proposed business combination exceed the
aggregate amount of cash available to us, we will not complete the business combination or redeem any shares, and all shares of common
stock submitted for redemption will be returned to the holders thereof. 

Limitation on redemption upon completion of
our initial business combination if we seek stockholder approval 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, if we seek stockholder
approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our business combination pursuant to
the tender offer rules, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will provide that a public stockholder, together with any
affiliate of such stockholder or any other person with whom such stockholder is acting in concert or as a group (as defined
under Section 13 of the Exchange Act), will be restricted from seeking redemption rights with respect to Excess Shares. We believe
this restriction will discourage stockholders from accumulating large blocks of shares, and subsequent attempts by such holders to use
their ability to exercise their redemption rights against a proposed business combination as a means to force us, our sponsor or our
management to purchase their shares at a significant premium to the then-current market price or on other undesirable terms. Absent
this provision, a public stockholder holding an aggregate of 10 or more of the shares sold in our Initial Public Offering could threaten
to exercise its redemption rights if such holder s shares are not purchased by us, our sponsor or our management at a premium to
the then-current market price or on other undesirable terms. By limiting our stockholders ability to redeem to less than
10 of the shares sold in our Initial Public Offering, we believe we will limit the ability of a small group of stockholders to unreasonably
attempt to block our ability to complete our business combination, particularly in connection with a business combination with a target
that requires as a closing condition that we have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash. However, we would not be restricting
our stockholders ability to vote all of their shares (including Excess Shares) for or against our business combination. 

Tendering stock certificates in connection
with a tender offer or redemption rights 

We may require our public stockholders seeking
to exercise their redemption rights, whether they are record holders or hold their shares in street name, to either tender
their certificates to our transfer agent prior to the date set forth in the tender offer documents mailed to such holders, or up to two
business days prior to the vote on the proposal to approve the business combination in the event we distribute proxy materials, or to
deliver their shares to the transfer agent electronically using Depository Trust Company s DWAC (Deposit/Withdrawal At Custodian)
System, at the holder s option. The tender offer or proxy materials, as applicable, that we will furnish to holders of our public
shares in connection with our initial business combination will indicate whether we are requiring public stockholders to satisfy such
delivery requirements. Accordingly, a public stockholder would have from the time we send out our tender offer materials until the close
of the tender offer period, or up to two days prior to the vote on the business combination if we distribute proxy materials, as applicable,
to tender its shares if it wishes to seek to exercise its redemption rights. Given the relatively short exercise period, it is advisable
for stockholders to use electronic delivery of their public shares. 

16 

There is a nominal cost associated with the above-referenced tendering
process and the act of certificating the shares or delivering them through the DWAC System. The transfer agent will typically charge
the tendering broker and it would be up to the broker whether or not to pass the cost on to the redeeming holder. However, the fee would
be incurred regardless of whether or not we require holders seeking to exercise redemption rights to tender their shares. The need to
deliver shares is a requirement of exercising redemption rights regardless of the timing of when such delivery must be effectuated. 

The foregoing is different from the procedures
used by many blank check companies. In order to perfect redemption rights in connection with their business combinations, many blank
check companies would distribute proxy materials for the stockholders vote on an initial business combination, and a holder could
simply vote against a proposed business combination and check a box on the proxy card indicating such holder was seeking to exercise
his or her redemption rights. After the business combination was approved, the company would contact such stockholder to arrange for
him or her to deliver his or her certificate to verify ownership. As a result, the stockholder then had an option window 
after the completion of the business combination during which he or she could monitor the price of the company s stock in the market.
If the price rose above the redemption price, he or she could sell his or her shares in the open market before actually delivering his
or her shares to the company for cancellation. As a result, the redemption rights, to which stockholders were aware they needed to commit
before the stockholder meeting, would become option rights surviving past the completion of the business combination until
the redeeming holder delivered its certificate. The requirement for physical or electronic delivery prior to the meeting ensures that
a redeeming holder s election to redeem is irrevocable once the business combination is approved. 

Any request to redeem such shares, once made,
may be withdrawn at any time up to the date set forth in the tender offer materials or the date of the stockholder meeting set forth
in our proxy materials, as applicable. Furthermore, if a holder of a public share delivered its certificate in connection with an election
of redemption rights and subsequently decides prior to the applicable date not to elect to exercise such rights, such holder may simply
request that the transfer agent return the certificate (physically or electronically). It is anticipated that the funds to be distributed
to holders of our public shares electing to redeem their shares will be distributed promptly after the completion of our business combination. 

If our initial business combination is not approved
or completed for any reason, then our public stockholders who elected to exercise their redemption rights would not be entitled to redeem
their shares for the applicable pro rata share of the trust account. In such case, we will promptly return any certificates delivered
by public holders who elected to redeem their shares. 

Redemption of public shares and liquidation
if no initial business combination 

We will have only 15 months (or only 18 months
if we further extend the period of time to consummate a business combination) from February 15, 2022 to complete our initial business
combination. If we are unable to complete our business combination within such period, we will: (i) cease all operations except
for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the
public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including
interest (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses, which interest shall be net of taxes payable) divided by the number
of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders rights as stockholders (including
the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably
possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining stockholders and our board of directors, dissolve and liquidate,
subject in each case to our obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable
law. There will be no redemption rights or liquidating distributions with respect to our warrants, which will expire worthless if we
fail to complete our business combination within the time period. 

Our sponsor and its permitted transferees each
has entered into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which each has waived its rights to liquidating distributions from the trust
account with respect to its founder shares and, solely with respect to the sponsor, the private placement shares, if we fail to complete
our initial business combination within 15 months (or within 18 months if we further extend the period of time to consummate
a business combination) from February 15, 2022. However, if our sponsor acquires public shares after our Initial Public Offering, it
will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to such public shares if we fail to complete our initial
business combination within the allotted time period. 

17 

Our executive officers, directors, sponsor and
sponsor s permitted transferees have agreed, pursuant to written letter agreements with us, that they will not propose any amendment
to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation (i) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to redeem 100 
of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 15 months (or within 18 months if we further
extend the period of time to consummate a business combination) from February 15, 2022 or (ii) with respect to any other provision
relating to stockholders rights or pre-business combination activity, unless we provide our public stockholders with the
opportunity to redeem their shares of common stock upon approval of any such amendment at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal
to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest (which interest shall be net of taxes payable) divided
by the number of then outstanding public shares. However, we may not redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible
assets to be less than 5,000,001 upon the consummation of our initial business combination (so that we are not subject to the SEC s
 penny stock rules). If this optional redemption right is exercised with respect to an excessive number of public shares
such that we cannot satisfy the net tangible asset requirement (described above), we would not proceed with the amendment or the related
redemption of our public shares at such time. 

We expect that all costs and expenses associated
with implementing our plan of dissolution, as well as payments to any creditors, will be funded from amounts remaining out of the 800,000
of proceeds held outside the trust account, although we cannot assure you that there will be sufficient funds for such purpose. However,
if those funds are not sufficient to cover the costs and expenses associated with implementing our plan of dissolution, to the extent
that there is any interest accrued in the trust account not required to pay taxes, we may request the trustee to release to us an additional
amount of up to 100,000 of such accrued interest to pay those costs and expenses. 

If we were to expend all of the net proceeds
of our Initial Public Offering, other than the proceeds deposited in the trust account, and without taking into account interest, if
any, earned on the trust account, the per-share redemption amount received by stockholders upon our dissolution would be approximately
 10.32 as of December 31, 2022. The proceeds deposited in the trust account could, however, become subject to the claims of our creditors
which would have higher priority than the claims of our public stockholders. We cannot assure you that the actual per-share redemption
amount received by stockholders will not be substantially less than 10.32. Under Section 281(b) of the DGCL, our plan of dissolution
must provide for all claims against us to be paid in full or make provision for payments to be made in full, as applicable, if there
are sufficient assets. These claims must be paid or provided for before we make any distribution of our remaining assets to our stockholders.
While we intend to pay such amounts, if any, we cannot assure you that we will have funds sufficient to pay or provide for all creditors 
claims. 

Although we will seek to have all creditors, vendors, service providers,
prospective target businesses or other entities with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest
or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the trust account for the benefit of our public stockholders, there is no guarantee that
they will execute such agreements or even if they execute such agreements that they would be prevented from bringing claims against the
trust account including but not limited to fraudulent inducement, breach of fiduciary responsibility or other similar claims, as well
as claims challenging the enforceability of the waiver, in each case in order to gain an advantage with respect to a claim against our
assets, including the funds held in the trust account. If any third party refuses to execute an agreement waiving such claims to the monies
held in the trust account, our management will perform an analysis of the alternatives available to it and will only enter into an agreement
with a third party that has not executed a waiver if management believes that such third party s engagement would be significantly
more beneficial to us than any alternative. Examples of possible instances where we may engage a third party that refuses to execute a
waiver include the engagement of a third party consultant whose particular expertise or skills are believed by management to be significantly
superior to those of other consultants that would agree to execute a waiver or in cases where management is unable to find a service provider
willing to execute a waiver. In addition, there is no guarantee that such entities will agree to waive any claims they may have in the
future as a result of, or arising out of, any negotiations, contracts or agreements with us and will not seek recourse against the trust
account for any reason. In order to protect the amounts held in the trust account, our sponsor has agreed that it will be liable to us
if and to the extent any claims by a creditor or a vendor for services rendered or products sold to us, or a prospective target business
with which we have discussed entering into a transaction agreement, reduce the amount of funds in the trust account to below (i) 10.30
(or, if both three-month extensions occur, 10.40) per public share or (ii) such lesser amount per public share held in the
trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account, due to reductions in value of the trust assets, in each case net
of the amount of interest which may be withdrawn to pay taxes, except as to any claims by a third party who executed a waiver of any and
all rights to seek access to the trust account and except as to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriter of our Initial Public
Offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. In the event that an executed waiver is deemed to
be unenforceable against a third party, then our sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third-party claims.
We have not asked our sponsor to reserve for such indemnification obligations, and our sponsor s only assets are securities of our
company. Therefore, we cannot assure you that our sponsor would be able to satisfy those obligations. We believe the likelihood of our
sponsor having to indemnify the trust account is limited because we will endeavor to have all creditors, vendors and prospective target
businesses as well as other entities execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to monies
held in the trust account. 

18 

In the event that the proceeds in the trust account are reduced below
(i) 10.30 (or, if both three-month extensions occur, 10.40) per public share or (ii) such lesser amount per public share held
in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account, due to reductions in value of the trust assets, in each case
net of the amount of interest which may be withdrawn to pay taxes, and our sponsor asserts that it is unable to satisfy its indemnification
obligations or that it has no indemnification obligations related to a particular claim, our independent directors would determine whether
to take legal action against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations. While we currently expect that our independent directors
would take legal action on our behalf against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations to us, it is possible that our independent
directors in exercising their business judgment may choose not to do so in any particular instance. Accordingly, we cannot assure you
that due to claims of creditors the actual value of the per-share redemption price will not be substantially less than 10.30 (or,
if both three-month extensions occur, 10.40) per share. 

We have access to approximately 800,000 from
the proceeds of our Initial Public Offering with which to pay any such potential claims (including costs and expenses incurred in connection
with our liquidation, currently estimated to be no more than approximately 100,000). In the event that we liquidate and it is subsequently
determined that the reserve for claims and liabilities is insufficient, stockholders who received funds from our trust account could
be liable for claims made by creditors. In the event that our offering expenses (excluding underwriting discounts and commissions) exceed
our estimate of 800,000, we may fund such excess with funds from the funds not to be held in the trust account. In such case, the amount
of funds we intend to be held outside the trust account would decrease by a corresponding amount. Conversely, in the event that the offering
expenses (excluding underwriting discounts and commissions) are less than our estimate of 800,000, the amount of funds we intend to
be held outside the trust account would increase by a corresponding amount. 

Under the DGCL, stockholders may be held liable
for claims by third parties against a corporation to the extent of distributions received by them in a dissolution. The pro rata portion
of our trust account distributed to our public stockholders upon the redemption of our public shares in the event we do not complete
our business combination within the prescribed time frame may be considered a liquidation distribution under Delaware law. If the corporation
complies with certain procedures set forth in Section 280 of the DGCL intended to ensure that it makes reasonable provision for
all claims against it, including a 60-day notice period during which any third-party claims can be brought against the corporation,
a 90-day period during which the corporation may reject any claims brought, and an additional 150-day waiting period before
any liquidating distributions are made to stockholders, any liability of stockholders with respect to a liquidating distribution is limited
to the lesser of such stockholder s pro rata share of the claim or the amount distributed to the stockholder, and any liability
of the stockholder would be barred after the third anniversary of the dissolution. 

Furthermore, if the pro rata portion of our trust
account distributed to our public stockholders upon the redemption of our public shares in the event we do not complete our business
combination within prescribed time is not considered a liquidation distribution under Delaware law and such redemption distribution is
deemed to be unlawful (potentially due to the imposition of legal proceedings that a party may bring or due to other circumstances that
are currently unknown), then pursuant to Section 174 of the DGCL, the statute of limitations for claims of creditors could then
be six years after the unlawful redemption distribution, instead of three years, as in the case of a liquidation distribution. If we
are unable to complete our business combination within 15 months (or within 18 months if further we extend the period of time
to consummate a business combination) from February 15, 2022, we will: (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding
up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price,
payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest (net of the amount of interest
which may be withdrawn to pay taxes, and less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then
outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders rights as stockholders (including the
right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible
following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining stockholders and our board of directors, dissolve and liquidate,
subject in each case to our obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable
law. Accordingly, it is our intention to redeem our public shares as soon as reasonably possible following our 12 th month
(or within the 18 th month if we extend the period of time to consummate a business combination) and, therefore, we do
not intend to comply with those procedures. As such, our stockholders could potentially be liable for any claims to the extent of distributions
received by them (but no more) and any liability of our stockholders may extend well beyond the third anniversary of such date. 

19 

Because we will not be complying with Section 280,
Section 281(b) of the DGCL requires us to adopt a plan, based on facts known to us at such time that will provide for our payment
of all existing and pending claims or claims that may be potentially brought against us within the subsequent 10 years. However,
because we are a blank check company rather than an operating company, and our operations will be limited to searching for prospective
target businesses to acquire, the only likely claims to arise would be from our vendors (such as lawyers and investment bankers) or prospective
target businesses. As described above, pursuant to the obligation contained in our underwriting agreement, we will seek to have all creditors,
vendors, service providers, prospective target businesses or other entities with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving
any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the trust account. 

As a result of this obligation, the claims that could be made against
us are significantly limited and the likelihood that any claim that would result in any liability extending to the trust account is remote.
Further, our sponsor may be liable only to the extent necessary to ensure that the amounts in the trust account are not reduced below
(i) 10.30 (or, if both three-month extensions occur, 10.40) per public share or (ii) such lesser amount per public share held
in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account, due to reductions in value of the trust assets, in each case
net of the amount of interest withdrawn to pay taxes, and will not be liable as to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriter of
our Initial Public Offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. In the event that an executed
waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third party, our sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such
third-party claims. 

If we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition
is filed against us that is not dismissed, the proceeds held in the trust account could be subject to applicable bankruptcy law, and may
be included in our bankruptcy estate and subject to the claims of third parties with priority over the claims of our stockholders. To
the extent any bankruptcy claims deplete the trust account, we cannot assure you we will be able to return 10.30 (or, if both three-month extensions
occur, 10.40) per share to our public stockholders. Additionally, if we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition
is filed against us that is not dismissed, any distributions received by stockholders could be viewed under applicable debtor/creditor
and/or bankruptcy laws as either a preferential transfer or a fraudulent conveyance. As a result, a bankruptcy
court could seek to recover all amounts received by our stockholders. Furthermore, our board of directors may be viewed as having breached
its fiduciary duty to our creditors and/or may have acted in bad faith, and thereby exposing itself and our company to claims of punitive
damages, by paying public stockholders from the trust account prior to addressing the claims of creditors. We cannot assure you that claims
will not be brought against us for these reasons. 

Our public stockholders will be entitled to receive
funds from the trust account only upon the earlier to occur of (i) the completion of our initial business combination and (ii) our
redemption of all of our public shares if we are unable to complete our business combination within 15 months (or within 18 months
if we further extend the period of time to consummate a business combination) from February 15, 2022. In no other circumstances will
a public stockholder have any right or interest of any kind to or in the trust account. In the event we seek stockholder approval in
connection with our initial business combination, a stockholder s voting in connection with the business combination alone will
not result in a stockholder s redeeming its shares to us for an applicable pro rata share of the trust account. Such stockholder
must have also exercised its redemption rights described above. 

Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation 

Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation
contains certain requirements and restrictions relating to our Initial Public Offering that will apply to us until the consummation of
our initial business combination. Specifically, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will provide, among other things,
that: 

prior to the consummation
 of our initial business combination, we shall either (i) seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination at a
 meeting called for such purpose at which stockholders may seek to redeem their shares, regardless of whether they vote for or against
 the proposed business combination, into their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including
 interest (which interest shall be net of taxes payable) or (ii) provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to tender
 their shares to us by means of a tender offer (and thereby avoid the need for a stockholder vote) for an amount equal to their pro
 rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest (which interest shall be net of taxes
 payable) in each case subject to the limitations described herein; 

we will consummate our
 initial business combination only if we have net tangible assets of at least 5,000,001 upon such consummation and, solely if we
 seek stockholder approval, a majority of the outstanding shares of common stock voted are voted in favor of the business combination; 

if our initial business
 combination is not consummated within 15 months (or within 18 months if we further extend the period of time to consummate
 a business combination) from February 15, 2022, then our existence will terminate and we will distribute all amounts in the trust
 account; and 

prior to our initial business
 combination, we may not issue additional shares of capital stock that would entitle the holders thereof to (i) receive funds
 from the trust account or (ii) vote on any initial business combination. 

In the event we seek stockholder approval in
connection with our initial business combination, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will provide that we may consummate
our initial business combination only if approved by a majority of the shares of common stock voted by our stockholders at a duly held
stockholders meeting. 

20 

Comparison of redemption or purchase prices
in connection with our initial business combination and if we fail to complete our business combination. 

The following table compares the redemptions
and other permitted purchases of public shares that may take place in connection with the completion of our initial business combination
and if we are unable to complete our business combination within 15 months (or within 18 months if we further extend the period
of time to consummate a business combination) from February 15, 2022. 

Redemptions
 in Connection with our Initial Business Combination 
 
 Other
 Permitted Purchases of Public Shares by our Affiliates 
 
 Redemptions
 if we fail to Complete an Initial Business Combination 
 
 Calculation of redemption price 
 
 Redemptions at the time
 of our initial business combination may be made pursuant to a tender offer or in connection with a stockholder vote. The redemption
 price will be the same whether we conduct redemptions pursuant to a tender offer or in connection with a stockholder vote. In either
 case, our public stockholders may redeem their public shares for cash equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust
 account as of two business days prior to the consummation of the initial business combination (which is initially anticipated to
 be 10.30 per share), including interest (which interest shall be net of taxes payable) divided by the number of then outstanding
 public shares, subject to the limitation that no redemptions will take place if all of the redemptions would cause our net tangible
 assets to be less than 5,000,001 upon the consummation of our initial business combination and any limitations (including but not
 limited to cash requirements) agreed to in connection with the negotiation of terms of a proposed business combination. 
 
 If we seek stockholder
 approval of our initial business combination, our sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates may purchase shares
 in privately negotiated transactions or in the open market either prior to or following completion of our initial business combination.
 Such purchases will only be made to the extent such purchases are able to be made in compliance with Rule 10b-18, which is a
 safe harbor from liability for manipulation under Section 9(a)(2) and Rule 10b-5 of the Exchange Act. None of the
 funds in the trust account will be used to purchase shares in such transactions. 
 
 If we are unable to complete
 our business combination within 15 months (or within 18 months if we further extend the period of time to consummate a
 business combination) from February 15, 2022, we will redeem all public shares at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal
 to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account (which is initially anticipated to be 10.30 per share), including interest
 (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses, which interest shall be net of taxes payable) divided by the number
 of then outstanding public shares. 

Impact to remaining stockholders 
 
 The redemptions in connection
 with our initial business combination will reduce the book value per share for our remaining stockholders, who will bear the burden
 of the interest withdrawn in order to pay taxes (to the extent not paid from amounts accrued as interest on the funds held in the
 trust account) and the deferred underwriting commissions. 
 
 If the permitted purchases
 described above are made, there will be no impact to our remaining stockholders because the purchase price would not be paid by us. 
 
 The redemption of our public
 shares if we fail to complete our business combination will reduce the book value per share for the shares held by our sponsor, who
 will be our only remaining stockholders after such redemptions. 

21 

Competition 

In identifying, evaluating and selecting a target
business for our business combination, we may encounter intense competition from other entities having a business objective similar to
ours, including other blank check companies, private equity groups and leveraged buyout funds, and operating businesses seeking strategic
acquisitions. Many of these entities are well established and have extensive experience identifying and effecting business combinations
directly or through affiliates. Moreover, many of these competitors possess greater financial, technical, human and other resources than
us. Our ability to acquire larger target businesses will be limited by our available financial resources. This inherent limitation gives
others an advantage in pursuing the acquisition of a target business. Furthermore, our obligation to pay cash in connection with our
public stockholders who exercise their redemption rights may reduce the resources available to us for our initial business combination
and our outstanding warrants, and the future dilution they potentially represent, may not be viewed favorably by certain target businesses.
Either of these factors may place us at a competitive disadvantage in successfully negotiating an initial business combination. 

Facilities 

We currently maintain our executive offices at
3730 Kirby Drive, Suite 1200, Houston, Texas 77098. The cost for this space is included in the 10,000 per month fee that we will pay
to our sponsor for office space, utilities, secretarial and administrative services. We believe that the amount we will pay under the
administrative services agreement is comparable to the cost of similar services that we could obtain from unaffiliated persons. We consider
our current office space adequate for our current operations. 

Employees 

We currently have two executive officers. Members
of our management team are not obligated to devote any specific number of hours to our matters but they intend to devote as much of their
time as they deem necessary to our affairs until we have completed our initial business combination. The amount of time that any member
of our management team will devote in any time period will vary based on whether a target business has been selected for our initial
business combination and the current stage of the business combination process. 

Periodic Reporting and Financial Information 

We registered our units, common stock and warrants
under the Exchange Act and have reporting obligations, including the requirement that we file annual, quarterly and current reports with
the SEC. In accordance with the requirements of the Exchange Act, our annual reports will contain financial statements audited and reported
on by our independent registered public auditors. The SEC maintains a website that contains reports, proxy and information statements,
and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC. The address of the website is www.sec.gov . 

We will provide stockholders with audited financial
statements of the prospective target business as part of the tender offer materials or proxy solicitation materials sent to stockholders
to assist them in assessing the target business. In all likelihood, these financial statements will need to be prepared in accordance
with U.S. GAAP. We cannot assure you that any particular target business identified by us as a potential acquisition candidate will have
financial statements prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP or that the potential target business will be able to prepare its financial
statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP. To the extent that this requirement cannot be met, we may not be able to acquire the proposed
target business. While this may limit the pool of potential acquisition candidates, we do not believe that this limitation will be material. 

We will be required to evaluate our internal
control procedures for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2023 as required by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. Only in the event we
are deemed to be a large accelerated filer or an accelerated filer will we be required to have our internal control procedures audited.
A target company may not be in compliance with the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act regarding adequacy of their internal controls.
The development of the internal controls of any such entity to achieve compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may increase the time
and costs necessary to complete any such acquisition. 

22 

We are an emerging growth company, 
as defined in the JOBS Act. As such, we are eligible to take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that
are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies including, but not limited to, not being
required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations
regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a non-binding advisory
vote on executive compensation and stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. If some investors find
our securities less attractive as a result, there may be a less active trading market for our securities and the prices of our securities
may be more volatile. 

In addition, Section 107 of the JOBS Act
also provides that an emerging growth company can take advantage of the extended transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B)
of the Securities Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards. In other words, an emerging growth company 
can delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies. We intend to
take advantage of the benefits of this extended transition period. Accordingly, the information we provide to you may be different than
you might get from other public companies in which you hold securities. 

We will remain an emerging growth company until
the earliest of (i) the last day of the fiscal year following the fifth anniversary of the closing of our Initial Public Offering,
(ii) the last day of the fiscal year in which we have total annual gross revenue of at least 1.07 billion, (iii) the
last day of the fiscal year in which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer as defined in Rule 12b-2 under
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act, which would occur if the market value of our common stock held
by non-affiliates exceeded 700.0 million as of the last business day of the second fiscal quarter of such year or (iv) the
date on which we have issued more than 1.00 billion in non-convertible debt securities during the prior three-year period. 

Legal Proceedings 

There is no material litigation, arbitration
or governmental proceeding currently pending against us or any members of our management team in their capacity as such. 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 

An investment in our securities involves a
high degree of risk. You should consider carefully all of the risks described below, together with the other information contained in
this Report, before making a decision to invest in our securities. If any of the following events occur, our business, financial condition
and operating results may be materially adversely affected. In that event, the trading price of our securities could decline, and you
could lose all or part of your investment. 

Summary of Risk Factors 

we are a newly formed company
 with no operating history and no revenues; 

our ability to continue
 as a going concern 

we may not be able to complete
 our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame; 

you will not have any rights
 or interests in funds from the trust account, except under certain limited circumstances; 

negative interest rate
 for securities in which we invest the funds held in the trust account; 

our stockholders may be
 held liable for claims by third parties against us; 

if third parties bring
 claims against us, the proceeds held in the trust account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by stockholders
 may be less than 10.30 per share (or, if both three-month extensions occur, less than 10.40 per share); 

23 

subsequent to completion
 of our initial business combination, we may be required to take write-downs or write-offs, restructuring and impairment or other
 charges; 

dependence on key personnel; 

conflicts of interest of
 our sponsor, officers and directors; 

past performance by our
 management team may not be indicative of future performance of your investment in us; 

we may have a limited ability
 to assess the management of a prospective target business; 

our public stockholders
 may not be afforded an opportunity to vote on our proposed business combination; 

the absence of a redemption
 threshold may make it possible for us to complete a business combination with which a substantial majority of our stockholders do
 not agree; 

we may not hold an annual
 meeting of stockholders until after our consummation of a business combination; 

we may redeem your unexpired
 warrants prior to their exercise at a time that is disadvantageous to you; 

our competitors have advantages
 over us in seeking business combinations; 

we may be unable to obtain
 additional financing; 

our warrants may have an
 adverse effect on the market price of our common stock; 

we may issue additional
 equity and/or debt securities to complete our initial business; 

our sponsor controls a
 substantial interest in us; 

you will experience immediate
 and substantial dilution from the purchase of our common stock; 

if we seek stockholder
 approval of our initial business combination, our sponsor, who controls a substantial interest in us, has agreed to vote in favor
 of such initial business combination, regardless of how our public stockholders vote; 

if we seek stockholder
 approval of our initial business combination, our sponsor, directors, executive officers, advisors and their affiliates may elect
 to purchase shares from public stockholders, which may influence a vote on a proposed business combination and reduce the public
 float of our common stock; 

ability of our public stockholders
 to redeem their shares for cash may make our financial condition unattractive to potential business combination targets, may not
 allow us to complete the most desirable business combination or optimize our capital structure, and will increase the probability
 that our initial business combination would be unsuccessful; 

lack of protections normally
 afforded to investors of blank check companies; 

deviation from acquisition
 criteria; 

possibility of losing the
 ability to redeem all shares equal to or in excess of 10 of our common stock if we seek stockholder approval of our initial business
 combination and we do not conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules; 

24 

the NYSE American may delist our securities from trading on its exchange; 

we will likely only be
 able to complete one business combination with the proceeds of our Initial Public Offering and the sale of the private placement
 units, which will cause us to be solely dependent on a single business which may have a limited number of products or services; 

in our Initial Public Offering, we did not register the shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants sold as part of the units, and such registration may not be in place when an investor desires to exercise such warrants; 

shares being redeemed and
 warrants becoming worthless; 

lack of working capital; 

events which may result
 in the per-share amount held in our trust account dropping below 10.30 (or, if both three-month extensions occur, 10.40)
 per public share; 

our directors may decide
 not to enforce the indemnification obligations of our sponsor; 

if, before distributing
 the proceeds in the trust account to our public stockholders, we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition
 is filed against us that is not dismissed, the claims of creditors in such proceeding may have priority over the claims of our stockholders
 and the per-share amount that would otherwise be received by our stockholders in connection with our liquidation may be reduced; 

registration rights may
 make it more difficult to complete our initial business combination, and the future exercise of such rights may adversely affect
 the market price of our common stock; 

because we are not limited
 to a particular industry or any specific target businesses with which to pursue our initial business combination, you will be unable
 to ascertain the merits or risks of any particular target business operations; 

we may seek acquisition
 opportunities in companies that may be outside of our management s areas of expertise; because we intend to seek a business
 combination with a target business or businesses in the energy industry, we expect our future operations to be subject to risks associated
 with that industry; 

our warrant agreement designates
 the courts of the State of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York as the
 sole and exclusive forum for certain types of actions and proceedings that may be initiated by holders of our warrants; 

We have identified a material
 weakness in our internal control over financial reporting. We may identify additional material weaknesses in the future or otherwise
 fail to maintain an effective system of internal controls, which may result in material misstatements of our financial statements
 or cause us to fail to meet our periodic reporting obligations. 

25 

if we effect our initial
 business combination with a company with operations or opportunities outside of the United States, we would be subject to a
 variety of additional risks that may negatively impact our operations; and 

changes in laws or regulations,
 or a failure to comply with any laws and regulations, may adversely affect our business, investments and results of operations. 

Our independent registered public accounting
firm s report contains an explanatory paragraph that expresses substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going
concern. 

As of December 31, 2022, we had 75,612 in cash
and a working capital deficit (excluding deferred offering costs) of 788,689. Further, we have incurred and expect to continue to incur
significant costs in pursuit of our finance and acquisition plans. Management s plans to address this need for capital through
our Initial Public Offering are discussed in the section of this report titled Management s Discussion and Analysis
of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. We cannot assure you that our plans to raise additional capital or
to consummate an initial business combination will be successful. Additionally, in the event the Company does not complete a Business
Combination within one year of closing date of the Initial Public Offering, the Company is required to redeem the public shares sold
in the Initial Public Offering. These factors, among others, raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern.
The financial statements contained elsewhere in this report do not include any adjustments that might result from our inability to continue
as a going concern. 

Our public stockholders may not be afforded
an opportunity to vote on a proposed business combination, which means we may complete our initial business combination even though a
majority of our public stockholders do not support such a combination. 

We may not hold a stockholder vote to approve
our initial business combination unless the business combination would require stockholder approval under applicable state law or the
rules of the NYSE American or if we decide to hold a stockholder vote for business or other reasons. For instance, the NYSE American
rules currently allow us to engage in a tender offer in lieu of a stockholder meeting but would still require us to obtain stockholder
approval if we were seeking to issue more than 20 of our outstanding shares to a target business as consideration in any business combination.
Therefore, if we were structuring a business combination that required us to issue more than 20 of our outstanding shares, we would
seek stockholder approval of such business combination. However, except as required by law, the decision as to whether we will seek stockholder
approval of a proposed business combination or will allow stockholders to sell their shares to us in a tender offer will be made by us,
solely in our discretion, and will be based on a variety of factors, such as the timing of the transaction and whether the terms of the
transaction would otherwise require us to seek stockholder approval. Accordingly, we may consummate our initial business combination
even if holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of our common stock do not approve of the business combination we consummate.
Please see the section entitled Proposed Business Stockholders May Not Have the Ability to Approve Our Initial Business
Combination for additional information. 

If we seek stockholder approval of our initial
business combination, our initial stockholders have agreed to vote in favor of such initial business combination, regardless of how our
public stockholders vote. 

Unlike many other blank check companies in which
the initial stockholders agree to vote their founder shares in accordance with the majority of the votes cast by the public stockholders
in connection with an initial business combination, our initial stockholder, including our sponsor, have agreed to vote all shares of
our common stock having voting rights that it then owns in favor of our initial business combination. Our initial stockholders own 22.48 
of our outstanding shares of common stock. As a result, in addition to the founder shares, we could need as little as 3,315,538, or approximately 28.51 ,
of the 8,625,000 public shares sold in our Initial Public Offering to be voted in favor of a transaction (assuming all outstanding shares
are voted) in order to have our initial business combination approved. Furthermore, assuming only the minimum number of stockholders
required to be present at the stockholders meeting held to approve our initial business combination are present at such meeting,
we could need as little as 407,726 of the 8,625,000 public shares, or approximately 7.01 of the shares sold as part of the units in
our Initial Public Offering, to be voted in favor of our initial business combination in order to have such transaction approved. In
addition, in the event that our board of directors amends our bylaws to reduce the number of shares required to be present at a meeting
of our stockholders, we would need even fewer public shares to be voted in favor of our initial business combination to have such transaction
approved. 

Accordingly, if we seek stockholder approval
of our initial business combination, it is more likely that the necessary stockholder approval will be received than would be the case
if our sponsor agreed to vote its shares in accordance with the majority of the votes cast by our public stockholders. 

26 

Your only opportunity to affect the investment
decision regarding a potential business combination may be limited to the exercise of your right to redeem your shares from us for cash,
unless we seek stockholder approval of the business combination. 

At the time of your investment in us, you may
not be provided with an opportunity to evaluate the specific merits or risks of one or more target businesses. Since our board of directors
may complete a business combination without seeking stockholder approval, public stockholders may not have the right or opportunity to
vote on the business combination, unless we seek such stockholder vote. Accordingly, if we do not seek stockholder approval, your only
opportunity to affect the investment decision regarding a potential business combination may be limited to exercising your redemption
rights within the period of time (which will be at least 20 business days) set forth in our tender offer documents mailed to our public
stockholders in which we describe our initial business combination. 

The ability of our public stockholders to
redeem their shares for cash may make our financial condition unattractive to potential business combination targets, which may make
it difficult for us to enter into a business combination with a target. 

We may seek to enter into a business combination
transaction agreement with a prospective target that requires as a closing condition that we have a minimum net worth or a certain amount
of cash. If too many public stockholders exercise their redemption rights, we would not be able to meet such closing condition and, as
a result, would not be able to proceed with the business combination. Furthermore, in no event will we redeem our public shares in an
amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 upon the consummation of our initial business combination
(so that we are not subject to the SEC s penny stock rules) or any greater net tangible asset or cash requirement
which may be contained in the agreement relating to our initial business combination. Consequently, if accepting all properly submitted
redemption requests would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 upon the consummation of our initial business combination
or such greater amount necessary to satisfy a closing condition as described above, we would not proceed with such redemption and the
related business combination and may instead search for an alternate business combination. Prospective targets will be aware of these
risks and, thus, may be reluctant to enter into a business combination transaction with us. 

The ability of our public stockholders to
exercise redemption rights with respect to a large number of our shares may not allow us to complete the most desirable business combination
or optimize our capital structure. 

At the time we enter into an agreement for our
initial business combination, we will not know how many stockholders may exercise their redemption rights, and therefore will need to
structure the transaction based on our expectations as to the number of shares that will be submitted for redemption. If our business
combination agreement requires us to use a portion of the cash in the trust account to pay the purchase price, or requires us to have
a minimum amount of cash at closing, we will need to reserve a portion of the cash in the trust account to meet such requirements, or
arrange for third party financing. In addition, if a larger number of shares are submitted for redemption than we initially expected,
we may need to restructure the transaction to reserve a greater portion of the cash in the trust account or arrange for third party financing.
Raising additional third party financing may involve dilutive equity issuances or the incurrence of indebtedness at higher than desirable
levels. The above considerations may limit our ability to complete the most desirable business combination available to us or optimize
our capital structure, or may incentivize us to structure a transaction whereby we issue shares to new investors and not to sellers of
target businesses, such that our sponsor will receive additional shares. 

The ability of our public stockholders to
exercise redemption rights with respect to a large number of our shares could increase the probability that our initial business combination
would be unsuccessful and that you would have to wait for liquidation in order to redeem your stock. 

If our business combination agreement requires
us to use a portion of the cash in the trust account to pay the purchase price, or requires us to have a minimum amount of cash at closing,
the probability that our initial business combination would be unsuccessful is increased. If our initial business combination is unsuccessful,
you would not receive your pro rata portion of the trust account until we liquidate the trust account. If you are in need of immediate
liquidity, you could attempt to sell your stock in the open market; however, at such time our stock may trade at a discount to the pro
rata amount per share in the trust account. In either situation, you may suffer a material loss on your investment or lose the benefit
of funds expected in connection with our redemption until we liquidate or you are able to sell your stock in the open market. 

27 

The requirement that we complete our initial
business combination within 15 months (or within 18 months if we further extend the period of time to consummate a business combination)
from February 15, 2022 may give potential target businesses leverage over us in negotiating a business combination and may decrease our
ability to conduct due diligence on potential business combination targets as we approach our dissolution deadline, which could undermine
our ability to complete our business combination on terms that would produce value for our stockholders. 

Any potential target business with which we enter
into negotiations concerning a business combination will be aware that we must complete our initial business combination within 15 months
(or within 18 months if we further extend the period of time to consummate a business combination) from February 15, 2022. Consequently,
such target business may obtain leverage over us in negotiating a business combination, knowing that if we do not complete our initial
business combination with that particular target business, we may be unable to complete our initial business combination with any target
business. This risk will increase as we get closer to the timeframe described above. In addition, we may have limited time to conduct
due diligence and may enter into our initial business combination on terms that we would have rejected upon a more comprehensive investigation. 

We may not be able to complete our initial
business combination within the prescribed time frame, in which case we would cease all operations except for the purpose of winding
up and we would redeem our public shares and liquidate. 

We must complete our initial business combination
within 15 months (or within 18 months if we further extend the period of time to consummate a business combination) from February
15, 2022. We may not be able to find a suitable target business and complete our initial business combination within such time period.
If we have not completed our initial business combination within such time period, we will: (i) cease all operations except for
the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public
shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest
(which interest shall be net of taxes payable, and less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses) divided by the number
of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders rights as stockholders (including
the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably
possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining stockholders and our board of directors, dissolve and liquidate,
subject in each case to our obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable
law. 

If we seek stockholder approval of our initial
business combination, our sponsor, directors, executive officers, advisors and their affiliates may elect to purchase shares from public
stockholders, which may influence a vote on a proposed business combination and reduce the public float of our common stock. 

If we seek stockholder approval of our initial
business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules,
our sponsor, directors, executive officers, advisors or their affiliates may purchase shares in privately negotiated transactions or
in the open market either prior to or following the completion of our initial business combination, although they are under no obligation
to do so. Such a purchase may include a contractual acknowledgement that such stockholder, although still the record holder of our shares
is no longer the beneficial owner thereof and therefore agrees not to exercise its redemption rights. In the event that our sponsor,
directors, executive officers, advisors or their affiliates purchase shares in privately negotiated transactions from public stockholders
who have already elected to exercise their redemption rights, such selling stockholders would be required to revoke their prior elections
to redeem their shares. The purpose of such purchases could be to vote such shares in favor of the business combination and thereby increase
the likelihood of obtaining stockholder approval of the business combination or to satisfy a closing condition in an agreement with a
target that requires us to have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash at the closing of our business combination, where it
appears that such requirement would otherwise not be met. This may result in the completion of a business combination that may not otherwise
have been possible. 

In addition, if such purchases are made, the
public float of our common stock and the number of beneficial holders of our securities may be reduced, possibly making
it difficult to maintain or obtain the quotation, listing or trading of our securities on a national securities exchange. 

If a stockholder fails to receive notice of
our offer to redeem our public shares in connection with our business combination, or fails to comply with the procedures for tendering
its shares, such shares may not be redeemed. 

We will comply with the tender offer rules or
proxy rules, as applicable, when conducting redemptions in connection with our business combination. Despite our compliance with these
rules, if a stockholder fails to receive our tender offer or proxy materials, as applicable, such stockholder may not become aware of
the opportunity to redeem its shares. In addition, the tender offer documents or proxy materials, as applicable, that we will furnish
to holders of our public shares in connection with our initial business combination will describe the various procedures that must be
complied with in order to validly tender or redeem public shares. In the event that a stockholder fails to comply with these procedures,
its shares may not be redeemed. See Proposed Business Business Strategy Tendering stock certificates in connection
with a tender offer or redemption rights . 

28 

You will not have any rights or interests
in funds from the trust account, except under certain limited circumstances. To liquidate your investment, therefore, you may be forced
to sell your public shares or warrants, potentially at a loss. 

Our public stockholders will be entitled to receive
funds from the trust account only upon the earlier to occur of: (i) the completion of our initial business combination and (ii) our
redemption of all of our public shares if we are unable to complete our business combination within 15 months (or within 18 months
if we further extend the period of time to consummate a business combination) from February 15, 2022. In no other circumstances will
a public stockholder have any right or interest of any kind in the trust account. Accordingly, to liquidate your investment, you may
be forced to sell your public shares or warrants, potentially at a loss. 

The NYSE American may delist our securities
from trading on its exchange, which could limit investors ability to make transactions in our securities and subject us to additional
trading restrictions. 

We have listed our common stock and warrants
on the NYSE American. We have been approved to have our common stock and warrants listed on the NYSE American. Following the date the
common stock and warrants are eligible to trade separately, we anticipate that the common stock and warrants will be listed on the NYSE
American. Although after giving effect to our Initial Public Offering we have met the minimum initial listing standards set forth in
the NYSE American rules, we cannot assure you that our securities will be, or will continue to be, listed on the NYSE American in the
future or prior to our initial business combination. In order to continue listing our securities on the NYSE American prior to our initial
business combination, we must maintain certain financial, distribution and stock price levels. Generally, we must maintain a minimum
amount in stockholders equity (generally 2,500,000) and a minimum number of holders of our securities (generally 300 public holders).
Additionally, in connection with our initial business combination, we will be required to demonstrate compliance with the NYSE American s
initial listing requirements, which are more rigorous than the NYSE American s continued listing requirements, in order to continue
to maintain the listing of our securities on the NYSE American. For instance, our stock price would generally be required to be at least
 4.00 per share and our stockholders equity would generally be required to be at least 4,600,000. We cannot assure you that we
will be able to meet those initial listing requirements at that time. 

If the NYSE American delists our securities from
trading on its exchange and we are not able to list our securities on another national securities exchange, we expect our securities
could be quoted on an over-the-counter market. If this were to occur, we could face significant material adverse consequences, including: 

a limited availability
 of market quotations for our securities; 

reduced liquidity for our
 securities; 

a determination that our
 common stock is a penny stock which will require brokers trading in our common stock to adhere to more stringent rules
 and possibly result in a reduced level of trading activity in the secondary trading market for our securities; 

a limited amount of news
 and analyst coverage; and 

a decreased ability to
 issue additional securities or obtain additional financing in the future. 

You will not be entitled to protections normally
afforded to investors of many other blank check companies. 

Since the net proceeds of our Initial Public
Offering and the sale of the private placement units are intended to be used to complete an initial business combination with a target
business that has not been identified, we may be deemed to be a blank check company under United States securities laws.
However, because we have net tangible assets in excess of 4,600,000, we are exempt from rules promulgated by the SEC to protect investors
in blank check companies, such as Rule 419. Accordingly, investors will not be afforded the benefits or protections of those rules. Among
other things, this means our securities will be immediately tradable and we will have a longer period of time to complete our business
combination than do companies subject to Rule 419. Moreover, if our Initial Public Offering were subject to Rule 419, that rule would
prohibit the release of any interest earned on funds held in the trust account to us unless and until the funds in the trust account
were released to us in connection with our completion of an initial business combination. 

29 

If we seek stockholder approval of our initial
business combination and we do not conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules, and if you or a group of stockholders
are deemed to hold 10 or more of our common stock, you will lose the ability to redeem all such shares equal to or in excess of 10 
of our common stock. 

If we seek stockholder approval of our initial
business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer
rules, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will provide that a public stockholder, together with any affiliate of such
stockholder or any other person with whom such stockholder is acting in concert or as a group (as defined under Section 13
of the Exchange Act), will be restricted from seeking redemption rights with respect to an aggregate of 10 or more of the shares sold
in our Initial Public Offering, which we refer to as the Excess Shares. However, we would not be restricting our stockholders 
ability to vote all of their shares (including Excess Shares) for or against our business combination. Your inability to redeem the Excess
Shares will reduce your influence over our ability to complete our business combination and you could suffer a material loss on your
investment in us if you sell Excess Shares in open market transactions. Additionally, you will not receive redemption distributions with
respect to the Excess Shares if we complete our business combination, and as a result, you will continue to hold that number of shares
equal to or exceeding 10 . In order to dispose of such shares, you would be required to sell your stock in open market transactions,
potentially at a loss. 

Because of our limited resources and the significant
competition for business combination opportunities, it may be more difficult for us to complete our initial business combination. If we
are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public stockholders may receive only approximately 10.30 (or, if both three-month
extensions occur, 10.40) per share, on our redemption, and our warrants will expire worthless. 

We expect to encounter intense competition from
other entities having a business objective similar to ours, including private investors (which may be individuals or investment partnerships),
other blank check companies and other entities, domestic and international, competing for the types of businesses we intend to acquire.
Many of these individuals and entities are well-established and have extensive experience in identifying and effecting, directly
or indirectly, acquisitions of companies operating in or providing services to various industries. Many of these competitors possess greater
technical, human and other resources or more local industry knowledge than we do and our financial resources will be relatively limited
when contrasted with those of many of these competitors. While we believe there are numerous target businesses we could potentially acquire
with the net proceeds of our Initial Public Offering and the sale of the private placement units, our ability to compete with respect
to the acquisition of certain target businesses that are sizable is limited by our available financial resources. This inherent competitive
limitation gives others an advantage in pursuing the acquisition of certain target businesses. Furthermore, if we are obligated to pay
cash for the shares of common stock redeemed and, in the event we seek stockholder approval of our business combination, we make purchases
of our common stock, the resources available to us for our initial business combination will potentially be reduced. Any of these obligations
may place us at a competitive disadvantage in successfully negotiating a business combination. If we are unable to complete our initial
business combination, our public stockholders may receive only 10.30 (or, if both three-month extensions occur, 10.40) per share
on the liquidation of our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless. 

If the net proceeds of our Initial Public
Offering and the sale of the private placement units not being held in the trust account are insufficient to allow us to operate for
at least 15 months following February 15, 2022 (or at least 18 months from the closing of our Initial Public Offering if we further extend
the period of time to consummate a business combination), we may be unable to complete our initial business combination. 

The funds available to us outside of the trust
account may not be sufficient to allow us to operate for at least 15 months following February 15, 2022 (or at least 18 months
from February 15, 2022 if we further extend the period of time to consummate a business combination), assuming that our initial business
combination is not completed during that time. We believe that, upon the closing of our Initial Public Offering, the funds available to
us outside of the trust account will be sufficient to allow us to operate for at least 15 months following February 15, 2022 (or
at least 18 months from February 15, 2022 if we extend the period of time to consummate a business combination); however, we cannot
assure you that our estimate is accurate. Of the funds available to us, we could use a portion of the funds available to us to pay fees
to consultants to assist us with our search for a target business. We could also use a portion of the funds as a down payment or to fund
a no-shop provision (a provision in letters of intent designed to keep target businesses from shopping around
for transactions with other companies on terms more favorable to such target businesses) with respect to a particular proposed business
combination, although we do not have any current intention to do so. If we entered into a letter of intent where we paid for the right
to receive exclusivity from a target business and were subsequently required to forfeit such funds (whether as a result of our breach
or otherwise), we might not have sufficient funds to continue searching for, or conduct due diligence with respect to, a target business.
If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public stockholders may receive only approximately 10.30 (or, if both
three-month extensions occur, 10.40) per share on the liquidation of our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless. 

30 

If the net proceeds of our Initial Public
Offering and the sale of the private placement units not being held in the trust account are insufficient, it could limit the amount
available to fund our search for a target business or businesses and complete our initial business combination and we will depend on
loans from our sponsor or management team to fund our search, to pay our taxes and to complete our business combination. 

Of the net proceeds of our Initial Public Offering
and the sale of the private placement units, only approximately 800,000 will be available to us initially outside the trust account to
fund our working capital requirements. In the event that our offering expenses (excluding underwriting discounts and commissions) exceeds
 800,000, we may fund such excess with funds not to be held in the trust account. In such case, the amount of funds we intend to be held
outside the trust account would decrease by a corresponding amount. Conversely, in the event that the offering expenses (excluding underwriting
discounts and commissions) are less than 800,000, the amount of funds held outside the trust account would increase by a corresponding
amount. If we are required to seek additional capital, we would need to borrow funds from our sponsor, management team or other third
parties to operate or may be forced to liquidate. None of our sponsor, members of our management team or any of their affiliates is under
any obligation to advance funds to us in such circumstances. Any such advances would be repaid only from funds held outside the trust
account or from funds released to us upon completion of our initial business combination. If we are unable to complete our initial business
combination because we do not have sufficient funds available to us, we will be forced to cease operations and liquidate the trust account.
Consequently, our public stockholders may only receive approximately 10.30 (or, if both three-month extensions occur, 10.40) per
share on our redemption of our public shares, and our warrants will expire worthless. 

Subsequent to our completion of our initial
business combination, we may be required to take write-downs or write-offs, restructuring and impairment or other charges that could
have a significant negative effect on our financial condition, results of operations and our stock price, which could cause you to lose
some or all of your investment. 

Even if we conduct extensive due diligence on
a target business with which we combine, we cannot assure you that this diligence will surface all material issues that may be present
inside a particular target business, that it would be possible to uncover all material issues through a customary amount of due diligence,
or that factors outside of the target business and outside of our control will not later arise. As a result of these factors, we may
be forced to later write-down or write-off assets, restructure our operations, or incur impairment or other charges that could
result in our reporting losses. Even if our due diligence successfully identifies certain risks, unexpected risks may arise and previously
known risks may materialize in a manner not consistent with our preliminary risk analysis. Even though these charges may be non-cash items
and not have an immediate impact on our liquidity, the fact that we report charges of this nature could contribute to negative market
perceptions about us or our securities. In addition, charges of this nature may cause us to violate net worth or other covenants to which
we may be subject as a result of assuming pre-existing debt held by a target business or by virtue of our obtaining post-combination debt
financing. Accordingly, any stockholders who choose to remain stockholders following the business combination could suffer a reduction
in the value of their shares. Such stockholders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value unless they are able to successfully
claim that the reduction was due to the breach by our officers or directors of a duty of care or other fiduciary duty owed to them, or
if they are able to successfully bring a private claim under securities laws that the tender offer materials or proxy statement relating
to the business combination contained an actionable material misstatement or material omission. 

If third parties bring claims against us, the
proceeds held in the trust account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by stockholders may be less
than 10.30 (or, if both three-month extensions occur, less than 10.40) per share. 

Our placing of funds in the trust account may
not protect those funds from third-party claims against us. Although we will seek to have all creditors, vendors, service providers,
prospective target businesses or other entities with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest
or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the trust account for the benefit of our public stockholders, such parties may not execute
such agreements, or even if they execute such agreements they may not be prevented from bringing claims against the trust account, including,
but not limited to, fraudulent inducement, breach of fiduciary responsibility or other similar claims, as well as claims challenging
the enforceability of the waiver, in each case in order to gain advantage with respect to a claim against our assets, including the funds
held in the trust account. If any third party refuses to execute an agreement waiving such claims to the monies held in the trust account,
our management will perform an analysis of the alternatives available to it and will only enter into an agreement with a third party
that has not executed a waiver if management believes that such third party s engagement would be significantly more beneficial
to us than any alternative. We are not aware of any product or service providers who have not or will not provide such waiver other than
the underwriter of our Initial Public Offering. 

31 

Examples of possible instances where we may engage a third party that
refuses to execute a waiver include the engagement of a third party consultant whose particular expertise or skills are believed by management
to be significantly superior to those of other consultants that would agree to execute a waiver or in cases where management is unable
to find a service provider willing to execute a waiver. In addition, there is no guarantee that such entities will agree to waive any
claims they may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of, any negotiations, contracts or agreements with us and will not seek
recourse against the trust account for any reason. Upon redemption of our public shares, if we are unable to complete our business combination
within 15 months from February 15, 2022, or upon the exercise of a redemption right in connection with our business combination,
we will be required to provide for payment of claims of creditors that were not waived that may be brought against us within the 10 years
following redemption. Accordingly, the per-share redemption amount received by public stockholders could be less than the 10.30
(or, if both three-month extensions occur, 10.40) per share initially held in the trust account, due to claims of such creditors.
Our sponsor has agreed that it will be liable to us if and to the extent any claims by our a creditor or a vendor for services rendered
or products sold to us, or a prospective target business with which we have discussed entering into a transaction agreement, reduce the
amount of funds in the trust account to below (i) 10.30 (or, if both three-month extensions occur, 10.40) per public share or (ii) such
lesser amount per public share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account due to reductions in the
value of the trust assets, in each case net of the interest which may be withdrawn to pay taxes, except as to any claims by a third party
who executed a waiver of any and all rights to seek access to the trust account and except as to any claims under indemnity of the underwriter
of our Initial Public Offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. Moreover, in the event that
an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third party, our sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability
for such third party claims. We have not asked our sponsor to reserve for such indemnification obligations, and our sponsor s only
assets are securities of our company. Therefore, we cannot assure you that our sponsor would be able to satisfy those obligations. 

Our directors may decide not to enforce the
indemnification obligations of our sponsor, resulting in a reduction in the amount of funds in the trust account available for distribution
to our public stockholders. 

In the event that the proceeds in the trust account
are reduced below the lesser of (i) 10.30 (or, if both three-month extensions occur, 10.40) per share or (ii) other than due
to the failure to obtain a waiver from a creditor or vendor waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies
held in the trust account for the benefit of our public stockholders, such lesser amount per share held in the trust account as of the
date of the liquidation of the trust account due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case net of the interest which
may be withdrawn to pay taxes, and our sponsor asserts that it is unable to satisfy its obligations or that it has no indemnification
obligations related to a particular claim, our independent directors would determine whether to take legal action against our sponsor
to enforce its indemnification obligations. While we currently expect that our independent directors would take legal action on our behalf
against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations to us, it is possible that our independent directors in exercising their
business judgment may choose not to do so in any particular instance. If our independent directors choose not to enforce these indemnification
obligations, the amount of funds in the trust account available for distribution to our public stockholders may be reduced below 10.30
(or, if both three-month extensions occur, 10.40) per share. 

If, after we distribute the proceeds in the
trust account to our public stockholders, we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed against us that
is not dismissed, a bankruptcy court may seek to recover such proceeds, and the members of our board of directors may be viewed as having
breached their fiduciary duties to our creditors, thereby exposing the members of our board of directors and us to claims of punitive
damages. 

If, after we distribute the proceeds in the trust
account to our public stockholders, we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not
dismissed, any distributions received by stockholders could be viewed under applicable debtor/creditor and/or bankruptcy laws as either
a preferential transfer or a fraudulent conveyance. As a result, a bankruptcy court could seek to recover
all amounts received by our stockholders. In addition, our board of directors may be viewed as having breached its fiduciary duty to
our creditors and/or having acted in bad faith, thereby exposing itself and us to claims of punitive damages, by paying public stockholders
from the trust account prior to addressing the claims of creditors. 

If, before distributing the proceeds in the
trust account to our public stockholders, we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed against us that
is not dismissed, the claims of creditors in such proceeding may have priority over the claims of our stockholders and the per-share
amount that would otherwise be received by our stockholders in connection with our liquidation may be reduced. 

If, before distributing the proceeds in the trust
account to our public stockholders, we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not
dismissed, the proceeds held in the trust account could be subject to applicable bankruptcy law, and may be included in our bankruptcy
estate and subject to the claims of third parties with priority over the claims of our stockholders. To the extent any bankruptcy claims
deplete the trust account, the per-share amount that would otherwise be received by our stockholders in connection with our liquidation
may be reduced. 

If we are deemed to be an investment company
under the Investment Company Act, we may be required to institute burdensome compliance requirements and our activities may be restricted,
which may make it difficult for us to complete our business combination. 

If we are deemed to be an investment company
under the Investment Company Act, our activities may be restricted, including, without limitation, restrictions on the nature of our
investments, and restrictions on the issuance of our securities, each of which may make it difficult for us to complete our business
combination. In addition, we may have imposed upon us burdensome requirements, including, without limitation, registration as an investment
company; adoption of a specific form of corporate structure; and reporting, record keeping, voting, proxy and disclosure requirements
and other rules and regulations. 

32 

In order not to be regulated as an investment
company under the Investment Company Act, unless we can qualify for an exclusion, we must ensure that we are engaged primarily in a business
other than investing, reinvesting or trading in securities and that our activities do not include investing, reinvesting, owning, holding
or trading investment securities constituting more than 40 of our total assets (exclusive of U.S. government securities
and cash items) on an unconsolidated basis. Our business will be to identify and complete a business combination and thereafter to operate
the post-transaction business or assets for the long term. We do not plan to buy businesses or assets with a view to resale or profit
from their resale. We do not plan to buy unrelated businesses or assets or to be a passive investor. 

We do not believe that our anticipated principal activities will subject
us to the Investment Company Act. The proceeds held in the trust account may be invested by the trustee only in United States government
treasury bills with a maturity of 180 days or less or in money market funds investing solely in United States Treasuries and meeting certain
conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act. Because the investment of the proceeds will be restricted to these instruments,
we believe we will meet the requirements for the exemption provided in Rule 3a-1 promulgated under the Investment Company Act. If
we were deemed to be subject to the Investment Company Act, compliance with these additional regulatory burdens would require additional
expenses for which we have not allotted funds and may hinder our ability to consummate a business combination. If we are unable to complete
our initial business combination, our public stockholders may receive only approximately 10.30 (or, if both three-month extensions
occur, 10.40) per share on the liquidation of our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless. 

Our stockholders may be held liable for claims
by third parties against us to the extent of distributions received by them upon redemption of their shares. 

Under the General Corporation Law of the State
of Delaware, or the DGCL, stockholders may be held liable for claims by third parties against a corporation to the extent of distributions
received by them in a dissolution. The pro rata portion of our trust account distributed to our public stockholders upon the redemption
of our public shares in the event we do not complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame may be considered
a liquidation distribution under Delaware law. If a corporation complies with certain procedures set forth in Section 280 of the
DGCL intended to ensure that it makes reasonable provision for all claims against it, including a 60-day notice period during which
any third-party claims can be brought against the corporation, a 90-day period during which the corporation may reject any
claims brought, and an additional 150-day waiting period before any liquidating distributions are made to stockholders, any liability
of stockholders with respect to a liquidating distribution is limited to the lesser of such stockholder s pro rata share of the
claim or the amount distributed to the stockholder, and any liability of the stockholder would be barred after the third anniversary
of the dissolution. However, it is our intention to redeem our public shares as soon as reasonably possible following the 12 th month
(or following the 18 th month if we extend the period of time to consummate a business combination) from February 10,
2022 in the event we do not complete our business combination and, therefore, we do not intend to comply with those procedures. 

Because we will not be complying with Section 280,
Section 281(b) of the DGCL requires us to adopt a plan, based on facts known to us at such time that will provide for our payment
of all existing and pending claims or claims that may be potentially brought against us within the 10 years following our dissolution.
However, because we are a blank check company, rather than an operating company, and our operations will be limited to searching for
prospective target businesses to acquire, the only likely claims to arise would be from our vendors (such as lawyers, investment bankers,
etc.) or prospective target businesses. If our plan of distribution complies with Section 281(b) of the DGCL, any liability of stockholders
with respect to a liquidating distribution is limited to the lesser of such stockholder s pro rata share of the claim or the amount
distributed to the stockholder, and any liability of the stockholder would likely be barred after the third anniversary of the dissolution.
We cannot assure you that we will properly assess all claims that may be potentially brought against us. As such, our stockholders could
potentially be liable for any claims to the extent of distributions received by them (but no more) and any liability of our stockholders
may extend beyond the third anniversary of such date. Furthermore, if the pro rata portion of our trust account distributed to our public
stockholders upon the redemption of our public shares in the event we do not complete our initial business combination within the prescribed
time frame is not considered a liquidation distribution under Delaware law and such redemption distribution is deemed to be unlawful
(potentially due to the imposition of legal proceedings that a party may bring or due to other circumstances that are currently unknown),
then pursuant to Section 174 of the DGCL, the statute of limitations for claims of creditors could then be six years after the unlawful
redemption distribution, instead of three years, as in the case of a liquidation distribution. 

33 

We may not hold an annual meeting of stockholders
until after our consummation of a business combination and you will not be entitled to any of the corporate protections provided by such
a meeting. 

In accordance with the NYSE American corporate
governance requirements, we are not required to hold an annual meeting until one year after our first fiscal year end following our listing
on the NYSE American. Under Section 211(b) of the DGCL, we are, however, required to hold an annual meeting of stockholders for
the purposes of electing directors in accordance with a company s bylaws unless such election is made by written consent in lieu
of such a meeting. We may not hold an annual meeting of stockholders to elect new directors prior to the consummation of our initial
business combination, and thus, we may not be in compliance with Section 211(b) of the DGCL, which requires an annual meeting. Therefore,
if our stockholders want us to hold an annual meeting prior to our consummation of a business combination, they may attempt to force
us to hold one by submitting an application to the Delaware Court of Chancery in accordance with Section 211(c) of the DGCL. 

In our Initial Public Offering, we did not
register the shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants sold as part of the units under the Securities Act or any
state securities laws, and such registration may not be in place when an investor desires to exercise such warrants, thus precluding
such investor from being able to exercise such warrants except on a cashless basis and potentially causing such warrants to expire worthless. 

We did not register the shares of common stock
issuable upon exercise of the warrants sold as part of the units in our Initial Public Offering under the Securities Act or any state
securities laws. However, under the terms of the warrant agreement, we have agreed that as soon as practicable, but in no event later
than 15 business days after the closing of our initial business combination, we will use our reasonable best efforts to file, and within
60 business days after the closing of our initial business combination, to have declared effective, a registration statement relating
to the common stock issuable upon exercise of such warrants, and to maintain a current prospectus relating to such shares of common stock
until the expiration of the warrants in accordance with the provisions of the warrant agreement. We cannot assure you that we will be
able to do so if, for example, any facts or events arise which represent a fundamental change in the information set forth in the registration
statement or prospectus, the financial statements contained or incorporated by reference therein are not current or correct or the SEC
issues a stop order. If the shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants are not registered under the Securities Act, we will be required
to permit holders to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis. However, no warrant will be exercisable for cash or on a cashless basis,
and we will not be obligated to issue any shares to holders seeking to exercise their warrants, unless the issuance of the shares upon
such exercise is registered or qualified under the securities laws of the state of the exercising holder or an exemption from registration
or qualification is available. Notwithstanding the above, if our common stock is at the time of any exercise of a warrant not listed
on a national securities exchange such that it satisfies the definition of a covered security under Section 18(b)(1)
of the Securities Act, we may, at our option, require holders of public warrants who exercise their warrants to do so on a cashless
basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act and, in the event we so elect, we will not be required to
file or maintain in effect a registration statement, but we will use our best efforts to register or qualify the shares under applicable
blue sky laws to the extent an exemption is not available. In no event will we be required to net cash settle any warrant, or issue securities
or other compensation in exchange for the warrants in the event that we are unable to register or qualify the shares underlying the warrants
under applicable state securities laws. If the issuance of the shares upon exercise of the warrants is not so registered or qualified
or exempt from registration or qualification, the holder of such warrant shall not be entitled to exercise such warrant and such warrant
may have no value and expire worthless. In such event, holders who acquired their warrants as part of a purchase of units will have paid
the full unit purchase price solely for the shares of common stock included in the units. We may not redeem the warrants when a holder
may not exercise such warrants. 

The grant of registration rights to our sponsor
in respect of its founder shares and private placement units and the grant of registration rights to holders of other securities may
make it more difficult to complete our initial business combination, and the future exercise of such rights may adversely affect the
market price of our common stock. 

Pursuant to an agreement entered into concurrently
with the issuance and sale of the securities in our Initial Public Offering, our sponsor and its permitted transferees can demand that
we register their founder shares at the time of our initial business combination. In addition, our sponsor and its permitted transferees
can demand that we register their private placement units (and their constituent securities, as well as shares of common stock underlying
such constituent securities), and holders of warrants that may be issued upon conversion of working capital loans, if any, may demand
that we register such warrants or the common stock issuable upon exercise of such warrants. We will bear the cost of registering these
securities. The registration and availability of such a significant number of securities for trading in the public market may have an
adverse effect on the market price of our common stock. In addition, the existence of the registration rights may make our initial business
combination more costly or difficult to conclude. This is because the stockholders of the target business may increase the equity stake
they seek in the combined entity or ask for more cash consideration to offset the negative impact on the market price of our common stock
that is expected when the above-described securities owned by our sponsor or holders of our working capital loans or their respective
permitted transferees are registered. 

34 

Because we are not limited to a particular
industry or any specific target businesses with which to pursue our initial business combination, you will be unable to ascertain the
merits or risks of any particular target business operations. 

Although we expect to focus our search for a
target business in the energy industry, we may seek to complete a business combination with an operating company in any industry or sector.
However, we will not, under our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, be permitted to effectuate our business combination
with another blank check company or similar company with nominal operations. Because we have not yet identified or approached any specific
target business with respect to a business combination, there is no basis to evaluate the possible merits or risks of any particular
target business operations, results of operations, cash flows, liquidity, financial condition or prospects. To the extent we complete
our business combination, we may be affected by numerous risks inherent in the business operations with which we combine. For example,
if we combine with a financially unstable business or an entity lacking an established record of sales or earnings, we may be affected
by the risks inherent in the business and operations of a financially unstable or a development stage entity. Although our officers and
directors will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target business, we cannot assure you that we will properly ascertain
or assess all of the significant risk factors or that we will have adequate time to complete due diligence. Furthermore, some of these
risks may be outside of our control and leave us with no ability to control or reduce the chances that those risks will adversely impact
a target business. We also cannot assure you that an investment in our securities will ultimately prove to be more favorable to investors
than a direct investment, if such opportunity were available, in a business combination target. Accordingly, any stockholders who choose
to remain stockholders following the business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their shares. Such stockholders are
unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value unless they are able to successfully claim that the reduction was due to the breach
by our officers or directors of a duty of care or other fiduciary duty owed to them, or if they are able to successfully bring a private
claim under securities laws that the tender offer materials or proxy statement relating to the business combination contained an actionable
material misstatement or material omission. 

Because we intend to seek a business combination
with a target business or businesses in the energy industry, we expect our future operations to be subject to risks associated with this
industry. 

We intend to initially focus our search for a
target business in the energy industry. Accordingly, we may pursue a target business in these sectors or any other sector within the
energy industry. Because we have not yet selected or approached any specific target business or sector, we cannot provide specific risks
of any business combination. However, risks inherent in investments in the energy industry include, but are not limited to, the following: 

Volatility of oil and natural
 gas prices; 

Price and availability
 of alternative fuels, such as solar, coal, nuclear and wind energy; 

Competitive pressures in
 the utility industry, primarily in wholesale markets, as a result of consumer demand, technological advances, greater availability
 of natural gas and other factors; 

Significant federal, state
 and local regulation, taxation and regulatory approval processes as well as changes in applicable laws and regulations; 

The speculative nature
 of and high degree of risk involved in investments in the upstream, midstream and energy services sectors, including relying on estimates
 of oil and gas reserves and the impacts of regulatory and tax changes; 

Drilling, exploration and
 development risks, including encountering unexpected formations or pressures, premature declines of reservoirs, blow-outs, equipment
 failures and other accidents, cratering, sour gas releases, uncontrollable flows of oil, natural gas or well fluids, adverse weather
 conditions, pollution, fires, spills and other environmental risks, any of which could lead to environmental damage, injury and loss
 of life or the destruction of property; 

Proximity and capacity
 of oil, natural gas and other transportation and support infrastructure to production facilities; 

Availability of key inputs,
 such as strategic consumables, raw materials and drilling and processing equipment; 

The supply of and demand
 for oilfield services and equipment in the United States and internationally; 

Available pipeline, storage
 and other transportation capacity; 

Changes in global supply
 and demand and prices for commodities; 

Impact of energy conservation
 efforts; 

35 

Technological advances
 affecting energy production and consumption; 

Overall domestic and global
 economic conditions; 

Availability of, and potential
 disputes with, independent contractors; 

Natural disasters, terrorist
 acts and similar dislocations; 

Impact of COVID-19 on
 demand, labor markets, and other macro-economic factors affecting the energy industry, and 

Value of U.S. dollar relative
 to the currencies of other countries. 

We may seek acquisition opportunities in companies
that may be outside of our management s areas of expertise. 

We will consider a business combination outside
of our management s areas of expertise if a business combination candidate is presented to us and we determine that such candidate
offers an attractive acquisition opportunity for our company. In the event we elect to pursue an acquisition outside of the areas of
our management s expertise, our management s expertise may not be directly applicable to its evaluation or operation, and
the information contained in this report regarding the areas of our management s expertise would not be relevant to an understanding
of the business that we elect to acquire. As a result, our management may not be able to adequately ascertain or assess all of the significant
risk factors. Accordingly, any stockholders who choose to remain stockholders following our business combination could suffer a reduction
in the value of their shares. Such stockholders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value unless they are able to successfully
claim that the reduction was due to the breach by our officers or directors of a duty of care or other fiduciary duty owed to them, or
if they are able to successfully bring a private claim under securities laws that the tender offer materials or proxy statement relating
to the business combination contained an actionable material misstatement or material omission. 

Although we have identified general criteria
and guidelines that we believe are important in evaluating prospective target businesses, we may enter into our initial business combination
with a target that does not meet such criteria and guidelines, and as a result, the target business with which we enter into our initial
business combination may not have attributes entirely consistent with our general criteria and guidelines. 

Although we have identified general criteria and
guidelines for evaluating prospective target businesses, it is possible that a target business with which we enter into our initial business
combination will not have all of these positive attributes. If we complete our initial business combination with a target that does not
meet some or all of these guidelines, such combination may not be as successful as a combination with a business that meets all of our
general criteria and guidelines. In addition, if we announce a prospective business combination with a target that does not meet our general
criteria and guidelines, a greater number of stockholders may exercise their redemption rights, which may make it difficult for us to
meet any closing condition with a target business that requires us to have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash. In addition,
if stockholder approval of the transaction is required by law, or we decide to obtain stockholder approval for business or other legal
reasons, it may be more difficult for us to attain stockholder approval of our initial business combination if the target business does
not meet our general criteria and guidelines. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public stockholders may
receive only approximately 10.30 (or, if both three-month extensions occur, 10.40) per share on the liquidation of our trust account
and our warrants will expire worthless. 

We may seek acquisition opportunities with
a financially unstable business or an entity lacking an established record of revenue or earnings. 

To the extent we complete our initial business
combination with a financially unstable business or an entity lacking an established record of sales or earnings, we may be affected
by numerous risks inherent in the operations of the business with which we combine. These risks include volatile revenues or earnings
and difficulties in obtaining and retaining key personnel. Although our officers and directors will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent
in a particular target business, we may not be able to properly ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors and we may not
have adequate time to complete due diligence. Furthermore, some of these risks may be outside of our control and leave us with no ability
to control or reduce the chances that those risks will adversely impact a target business. 

36 

We are not required to obtain an opinion from
an independent investment banking firm or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions and consequently, you may
have no assurance from an independent source that the price we are paying for the business is fair to our company from a financial point
of view. 

Unless we complete our business combination with
an affiliated entity, or our board cannot independently determine the fair market value of the target business or businesses, we are
not required to obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm that is a member of FINRA or from an independent accounting
firm that the price we are paying for a target is fair to our company from a financial point of view. If no opinion is obtained, our
stockholders will be relying on the judgment of our board of directors, who will determine fair market value based on one or more standards
generally accepted by the financial community. Such standards used will be disclosed in our tender offer documents or proxy solicitation
materials, as applicable, related to our initial business combination. In the event we seek to complete our initial business combination
with a company that is affiliated with our sponsor, officers or directors, we, or a committee of independent and/or disinterested directors,
will obtain an opinion from either an independent investment banking firm or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation
opinions that our initial business combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view. We will also provide a summary
of any such opinion or report to shareholders in connection with any vote on an initial business combination in our proxy materials or
tender offer documents, as applicable, related to our initial business combination in accordance with Section 1015(b) of Regulation S-K.
Additionally, pursuant to the NYSE American rules, any initial business combination must be approved by a majority of our independent
directors. 

We may issue additional shares of common stock
or preferred stock to complete our initial business combination or under an employee incentive plan after completion of our initial business
combination, and any such issuances would dilute the interest of our stockholders and likely present other risks. 

Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation
will authorize the issuance of up to 100,000,000 shares of common stock, par value 0.0001 per share, and 1,000,000 shares
of undesignated preferred stock, par value 0.0001 per share. Immediately after our Initial Public Offering, there were 81,521,250 authorized
but unissued shares of common stock available for issuance, which amount takes into account shares of common stock reserved for issuance
upon exercise of outstanding warrants, including the private warrants to be issued in the private placement. There are no shares of preferred
stock issued and outstanding. 

We may issue a substantial number of additional
shares of common stock, and may issue shares of preferred stock, in order to complete our initial business combination or under an employee
incentive plan after completion of our initial business combination (although our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will
provide that we may not issue securities that can vote with common stockholders on matters related to our pre-business combination
activity). However, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will provide, among other things, that prior to our initial
business combination, we may not issue additional shares of capital stock that would entitle the holders thereof to (i) receive
funds from the trust account or (ii) vote on any initial business combination. The issuance of additional shares of common or preferred
stock: 

may significantly dilute
 the equity interest of investors in our Initial Public Offering; 

may subordinate the rights
 of holders of common stock if preferred stock is issued with rights senior to those afforded our common stock; 

could cause a change in
 control if a substantial number of common stock is issued, which may affect, among other things, our ability to use our net operating
 loss carry forwards, if any, and could result in the resignation or removal of our present officers and directors; and 

may adversely affect prevailing market prices for our common stock and/or warrants. 

Resources could be wasted in researching acquisitions that are not
completed, which could materially adversely affect subsequent attempts to locate and acquire or merge with another business. If we are
unable to complete our initial business combination, our public stockholders may receive only approximately 10.30 (or, if both three-month
extensions occur, 10.40) per share on the liquidation of our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless. 

We anticipate that the investigation of each specific target business
and the negotiation, drafting and execution of relevant agreements, disclosure documents and other instruments will require substantial
management time and attention and substantial costs for accountants, attorneys and others. If we decide not to complete a specific initial
business combination, the costs incurred up to that point for the proposed transaction likely would not be recoverable. Furthermore, if
we reach an agreement relating to a specific target business, we may fail to complete our initial business combination for any number
of reasons including those beyond our control. Any such event will result in a loss to us of the related costs incurred which could materially
adversely affect subsequent attempts to locate and acquire or merge with another business. If we are unable to complete our initial business
combination, our public stockholders may receive only approximately 10.30 (or, if both three-month extensions occur, 10.40) per
share on the liquidation of our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless. 

37 

We are dependent upon our executive officers
and directors and their departure could adversely affect our ability to operate. 

Our operations are dependent upon a relatively
small group of individuals. We believe that our success depends on the continued service of our executive officers and directors, at
least until we have completed our business combination. In addition, our executive officers and directors are not required to commit
any specified amount of time to our affairs and, accordingly, will have conflicts of interest in allocating management time among various
business activities, including identifying potential business combinations and monitoring the related due diligence. We do not have an
employment agreement with, or key-man insurance on the life of, any of our directors or executive officers. The unexpected loss
of the services of one or more of our directors or executive officers could have a detrimental effect on us. 

Our ability to successfully effect our initial
business combination and to be successful thereafter will be totally dependent upon the efforts of our key personnel, some of whom may
join us following our initial business combination. The loss of key personnel could negatively impact the operations and profitability
of our post-combination business. 

Our ability to successfully effect our business
combination is dependent upon the efforts of our key personnel. The role of our key personnel in the target business, however, cannot
presently be ascertained. Although some of our key personnel may remain with the target business in senior management or advisory positions
following our business combination, it is likely that some or all of the management of the target business will remain in place. While
we intend to closely scrutinize any individuals we engage after our business combination, we cannot assure you that our assessment of
these individuals will prove to be correct. These individuals may be unfamiliar with the requirements of operating a company regulated
by the SEC, which could cause us to have to expend time and resources helping them become familiar with such requirements. 

Our key personnel may negotiate employment
or consulting agreements with a target business in connection with a particular business combination. These agreements may provide for
them to receive compensation following our business combination and as a result, may cause them to have conflicts of interest in determining
whether a particular business combination is the most advantageous. 

Our key personnel may be able to remain with
the company after the completion of our business combination only if they are able to negotiate employment or consulting agreements in
connection with the business combination. Such negotiations would take place simultaneously with the negotiation of the business combination
and could provide for such individuals to receive compensation in the form of cash payments and/or our securities for services they would
render to us after the completion of the business combination. The personal and financial interests of such individuals may influence
their motivation in identifying and selecting a target business. However, we believe the ability of such individuals to remain with us
after the completion of our business combination will not be the determining factor in our decision as to whether or not we will proceed
with any potential business combination. There is no certainty, however, that any of our key personnel will remain with us after the
completion of our business combination. We cannot assure you that any of our key personnel will remain in senior management or advisory
positions with us. The determination as to whether any of our key personnel will remain with us will be made at the time of our initial
business combination. 

We may have a limited ability to assess the
management of a prospective target business and, as a result, may effect our initial business combination with a target business whose
management may not have the skills, qualifications or abilities to manage a public company. 

When evaluating the desirability of effecting
our initial business combination with a prospective target business, our ability to assess the target business management may
be limited due to a lack of time, resources or information. Our assessment of the capabilities of the target s management, therefore,
may prove to be incorrect and such management may lack the skills, qualifications or abilities we suspected. Should the target s
management not possess the skills, qualifications or abilities necessary to manage a public company, the operations and profitability
of the post-combination business may be negatively impacted. Accordingly, any stockholders who choose to remain stockholders following
the business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their shares. Such stockholders are unlikely to have a remedy for such
reduction in value unless they are able to successfully claim that the reduction was due to the breach by our officers or directors of
a duty of care or other fiduciary duty owed to them, or if they are able to successfully bring a private claim under securities laws
that the tender offer materials or proxy statement relating to the business combination contained an actionable material misstatement
or material omission. 

The officers and directors of an acquisition
candidate may resign upon completion of our initial business combination. The departure of a business combination target s key
personnel could negatively impact the operations and profitability of our post-combination business. The role of an acquisition
candidate s key personnel upon the completion of our initial business combination cannot be ascertained at this time. Although
we contemplate that certain members of an acquisition candidate s management team will remain associated with the acquisition candidate
following our initial business combination, it is possible that members of the management of an acquisition candidate will not wish to
remain in place. 

38 

Our executive officers and directors will
allocate their time to other businesses thereby causing conflicts of interest in their determination as to how much time to devote to
our affairs. This conflict of interest could have a negative impact on our ability to complete our initial business combination. 

Our executive officers and directors are not
required to, and will not, commit their full time to our affairs, which may result in a conflict of interest in allocating their time
between our operations and our search for a business combination and their other businesses. We do not intend to have any full-time employees
prior to the completion of our business combination. Each of our executive officers is engaged in several other business endeavors for
which they may be entitled to substantial compensation and our executive officers are not obligated to contribute any specific number
of hours per week to our affairs. Our independent directors also serve as officers and board members for other entities. If our executive
officers and directors other business affairs require them to devote substantial amounts of time to such affairs in excess
of their current commitment levels, it could limit their ability to devote time to our affairs which may have a negative impact on our
ability to complete our initial business combination. For a complete discussion of our executive officers and directors 
other business affairs, please see Management Directors and Executive Officers . 

Certain of our executive officers and directors
are now, and all of them may in the future become, affiliated with entities engaged in business activities similar to those intended
to be conducted by us following our initial business combination and, accordingly, may have conflicts of interest in determining to which
entity a particular business opportunity should be presented. 

Until we consummate our initial business combination,
we intend to engage in the business of identifying and combining with one or more businesses. Our executive officers and directors are,
or may in the future become, affiliated with entities that are engaged in business activities similar to those intended to be conducted
by us following our initial business combination. See a description of our executive officers and directors current affiliations
under the headings Management and Management Conflicts of Interest below. 

Our officers and directors also may become aware
of business opportunities which may be appropriate for presentation to us and the other entities to which they owe certain fiduciary
or contractual duties. Accordingly, they may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity
should be presented. These conflicts may not be resolved in our favor and a potential target business may be presented to another entity
prior to its presentation to us. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will provide that we renounce our interest in
any corporate opportunity offered to any director or officer unless such opportunity is expressly offered to such person solely in his
or her capacity as a director or officer of our company and such opportunity is one we are legally and contractually permitted to undertake
and would otherwise be reasonable for us to pursue. 

For a complete discussion of our executive officers 
and directors business affiliations and the potential conflicts of interest that you should be aware of, please see Management
 Directors and Executive Officers , Management Conflicts of Interest and Certain
Relationships and Related Party Transactions . 

Our executive officers, directors, security
holders and their respective affiliates may have competitive pecuniary interests that conflict with our interests. 

We have not adopted a policy that expressly prohibits
our directors, executive officers, security holders or affiliates from having a direct or indirect pecuniary or financial interest in
any investment to be acquired or disposed of by us or in any transaction to which we are a party or have an interest. In fact, we may
enter into a business combination with a target business that is affiliated with our sponsor, our directors or executive officers, although
we do not currently intend to do so. We also do not have a policy that expressly prohibits any such persons from engaging for their own
account in business activities of the types conducted by us. Accordingly, such persons or entities may have a conflict between their
interests and ours. 

We may engage in a business combination with
one or more target businesses that have relationships with entities that may be affiliated with our sponsor, executive officers, directors
or existing holders which may raise potential conflicts of interest. 

In light of the involvement of our sponsor, executive
officers and directors with other entities, we may decide to acquire one or more businesses affiliated with our sponsor, executive officers
and directors. Our directors also serve as officers and board members for other entities, including, without limitation, those described
under Management Conflicts of Interest . Such entities may compete with us for business combination opportunities. 

39 

Our sponsor, officers and directors are not currently
aware of any specific opportunities for us to complete our business combination with any entities with which they are affiliated, and
there have been no preliminary discussions concerning a business combination with any such entity or entities. Although we will not be
specifically focusing on, or targeting, any transaction with any affiliated entities, we would pursue such a transaction if we determined
that such affiliated entity met our criteria for a business combination as set forth in Proposed Business Effecting
our initial business combination Selection of a target business and structuring of our initial business combination 
and such transaction was approved by a majority of our disinterested directors. Despite our agreement to obtain an opinion from an independent
investment banking firm or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions, regarding the fairness to our company
from a financial point of view of a business combination with one or more domestic or international businesses affiliated with our executive
officers, directors or existing holders, potential conflicts of interest may still exist and, as a result, the terms of the business
combination may not be as advantageous to our public stockholders as they would be absent any conflicts of interest. 

Since our sponsor will lose some or all of
its investment in us if our business combination is not completed, a conflict of interest may arise in determining whether a particular
business combination target is appropriate for our initial business combination. 

Our sponsor and its permitted transferees together
hold 2,501,250 founder shares as of the date of this report. Our sponsor and its permitted transferee each has agreed to not transfer
any of its ownership interest therein (except to certain permitted transferees) until the earlier of (i) 180 days following the completion
of our initial business combination or earlier if, subsequent to the our initial business combination, the last sale price of our common
stock equals or exceeds 12.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like)
for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 90 days after our initial business combination and
(ii) the date on which we complete a liquidation, merger, stock exchange or other similar transaction after our initial business combination
that results in all of our public stockholders having the right to exchange their shares of common stock for cash, securities or other
property. In addition, our sponsor and its permitted transferees each has entered into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which
each has agreed to waive (i) its redemption rights with respect to all shares of our common stock then owned by it in connection with
the completion of our initial business combination and (ii) its rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect
to its founder shares and, solely with respect to our sponsor, the private placement shares, if we fail to complete our initial business
combination within 15 months (or within 18 months if we further extend the period of time to consummate a business combination)
from the February 15, 2022, although it will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to any public
shares they hold if we fail to complete our business combination within the prescribed time frame. 

Our sponsor purchased an aggregate of 505,000
private placement units for a purchase price of 5,050,000, or 10.00 per unit. The private placement units cannot be transferred except
to certain permitted transferees until 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination. 

The founder shares and the private placement
units (together with the securities included in the private placement units) will be worthless if we do not complete an initial business
combination. This and other personal and financial interests of our executive officers and directors may influence their motivation in
identifying and selecting a target business combination, completing an initial business combination and influencing the operation of
the business following the initial business combination. This risk may become more acute as the 12-month (or within an 18-month if
we extend the period of time to consummate a business combination) anniversary of February 10, 2022 nears, which is the deadline for
our completion of an initial business combination. 

Since our sponsor, executive officers and
directors will not be eligible to be reimbursed for their out-of-pocket expenses if our business combination is not completed, a conflict
of interest may arise in determining whether a particular business combination target is appropriate for our initial business combination. 

Our sponsor, executive officers and directors,
or any of their respective affiliates, will be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities
on our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable business combinations. There is
no cap or ceiling on the reimbursement of out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities on our behalf; provided,
however, that to the extent such expenses exceed the available proceeds not deposited in the trust account, such expenses would not be
reimbursed by us unless we consummate an initial business combination. These financial interests of our sponsor, executive officers and
directors may influence their motivation in identifying and selecting a target business combination and completing an initial business
combination. 

40 

We may issue notes or other debt securities,
or otherwise incur substantial debt, to complete a business combination, which may adversely affect our leverage and financial condition
and thus negatively impact the value of our stockholders investment in us. 

We may choose to incur substantial debt to complete
our business combination. We have agreed that we will not incur any indebtedness unless we have obtained from the lender a waiver of
any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to the monies held in the trust account. As such, no issuance of debt will affect
the per-share amount available for redemption from the trust account. Nevertheless, the incurrence of debt could have a variety
of negative effects, including: 

default and foreclosure
 on our assets if our operating revenues after an initial business combination are insufficient to repay our debt obligations; 

acceleration of our obligations
 to repay the indebtedness even if we make all principal and interest payments when due if we breach certain covenants that require
 the maintenance of certain financial ratios or reserves without a waiver or renegotiation of that covenant; 

our immediate payment of
 all principal and accrued interest, if any, if the debt security is payable on demand; 

our inability to obtain
 necessary additional financing if the debt security contains covenants restricting our ability to obtain such financing while the
 debt security is outstanding; 

our inability to pay dividends
 on our common stock; 

using a substantial portion
 of our cash flow to pay principal and interest on our debt, which will reduce the funds available for dividends on our common stock
 if declared, expenses, capital expenditures, acquisitions and other general corporate purposes; 

limitations on our flexibility
 in planning for and reacting to changes in our business and in the industry in which we operate; 

increased vulnerability
 to adverse changes in general economic, industry and competitive conditions and adverse changes in government regulation; and 

limitations on our ability
 to borrow additional amounts for expenses, capital expenditures, acquisitions, debt service requirements, execution of our strategy
 and other purposes and other disadvantages compared to our competitors who have less debt. 

We will likely only be able to complete one
business combination with the proceeds of our Initial Public Offering and the sale of the private placement units, which will cause us
to be solely dependent on a single business which may have a limited number of products or services. This lack of diversification may
negatively impact our operations and profitability. 

The net proceeds from our Initial Public Offering
and the sale of the private placement units initially provided us with 87,975,000 that we may use to complete our business combination,
assuming no redemptions. 

We may effectuate our business combination with
a single target business or multiple target businesses simultaneously or within a short period of time. However, we may not be able to
effectuate our business combination with more than one target business because of various factors, including the existence of complex
accounting issues and the requirement that we prepare and file pro forma financial statements with the SEC that present operating results
and the financial condition of several target businesses as if they had been operated on a combined basis. By completing our initial
business combination with only a single entity, our lack of diversification may subject us to numerous economic, competitive and regulatory
risks. Further, we would not be able to diversify our operations or benefit from the possible spreading of risks or offsetting of losses,
unlike other entities which may have the resources to complete several business combinations in different industries or different areas
of a single industry. Accordingly, the prospects for our success may be: 

solely dependent upon the
 performance of a single business, property or asset, or 

dependent upon the development
 or market acceptance of a single or limited number of products, processes or services. 

This lack of diversification may subject us to
numerous economic, competitive and regulatory risks, any or all of which may have a substantial adverse impact upon the particular industry
in which we may operate subsequent to our business combination. 

We may attempt to simultaneously complete
business combinations with multiple prospective targets, which may hinder our ability to complete our business combination and give rise
to increased costs and risks that could negatively impact our operations and profitability. 

If we determine to simultaneously acquire several
businesses that are owned by different sellers, we will need for each of such sellers to agree that our purchase of its business is contingent
on the simultaneous closings of the other business combinations, which may make it more difficult for us, and delay our ability, to complete
our initial business combination. With multiple business combinations, we could also face additional risks, including additional burdens
and costs with respect to possible multiple negotiations and due diligence investigations (if there are multiple sellers) and the additional
risks associated with the subsequent assimilation of the operations and services or products of the acquired companies in a single operating
business. If we are unable to adequately address these risks, it could negatively impact our profitability and results of operations. 

41 

Our management may not be able to maintain
control of a target business after our initial business combination. We cannot provide assurance that, upon loss of control of a target
business, new management will possess the skills, qualifications or abilities necessary to profitably operate such business. 

We may structure a business combination so that
the post-transaction company in which our public stockholders own shares will own less than 100 of the equity interests or assets
of a target business, but we will only complete such business combination if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50 or
more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient for us
not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. We will not consider any transaction that does
not meet such criteria. Even if the post-transaction company owns 50 or more of the voting securities of the target, our stockholders
prior to the business combination may collectively own a minority interest in the post business combination company, depending on valuations
ascribed to the target and us in the business combination transaction. For example, we could pursue a transaction in which we issue a
substantial number of new shares of common stock in exchange for all of the outstanding capital stock of a target. In this case, we would
acquire a 100 interest in the target. However, as a result of the issuance of a substantial number of new shares of common stock, our
stockholders immediately prior to such transaction could own less than a majority of our outstanding shares of common stock subsequent
to such transaction. In addition, other minority stockholders may subsequently combine their holdings resulting in a single person or
group obtaining a larger share of the company s stock than we initially acquired. Accordingly, this may make it more likely that
our management will not be able to maintain our control of the target business. 

We do not have a specified maximum redemption
threshold, except that in no event will we redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less
than 5,000,001 upon the consummation of our initial business combination. The absence of such a redemption threshold may make it possible
for us to complete a business combination with which a substantial majority of our stockholders do not agree. 

Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation
will not provide a specified maximum redemption threshold, except that in no event will we redeem our public shares in an amount that
would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 upon the consummation of our initial business combination (such that we
become subject to the SEC s penny stock rules) or any greater net tangible asset or cash requirement which may be
contained in the agreement relating to our initial business combination. As a result, we may be able to complete our business combination
even though a substantial majority of our public stockholders do not agree with the transaction and have redeemed their shares or, if
we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination and do not conduct redemptions in connection with our business combination
pursuant to the tender offer rules, have entered into privately negotiated agreements to sell their shares to our sponsor, officers,
directors, advisors or their affiliates. In the event the aggregate cash consideration we would be required to pay for all shares of
common stock that are validly submitted for redemption plus any amount required to satisfy cash conditions pursuant to the terms of the
proposed business combination exceed the aggregate amount of cash available to us, we will not complete the business combination or redeem
any shares, all shares of common stock submitted for redemption will be returned to the holders thereof, and we instead may search for
an alternate business combination. 

In order to effectuate an initial business
combination, blank check companies have, in the recent past, amended various provisions of their charters and modified governing instruments.
We cannot assure you that we will not seek to amend our amended and restated certificate of incorporation or governing instruments in
a manner that will make it easier for us to complete our initial business combination that our stockholders may not support. 

In order to effectuate a business combination,
blank check companies have, in the recent past, amended various provisions of their charters and modified governing instruments. For
example, blank check companies have amended the definition of business combination and increased redemption thresholds. We cannot assure
you that we will not seek to amend our charter or governing instruments in order to effectuate our initial business combination. 

Certain agreements related to our Initial
Public Offering may be amended without stockholder approval. 

Certain agreements, including the underwriting
agreement relating to our Initial Public Offering, the investment management trust agreement between us and Continental Stock Transfer
 Trust Company, the letter agreements between us and each of our executive officers, directors, sponsor and sponsor s permitted
transferees, the registration rights agreement among us and our sponsor, the administrative services agreement between us and our sponsor
may be amended without stockholder approval. These agreements contain various provisions that our public stockholders might deem to be
material. While we do not expect our board of directors to approve any amendment to any of these agreements prior to our initial business
combination, it may be possible that our board of directors, in exercising its business judgment and subject to its fiduciary duties,
chooses to approve one or more amendments to any such agreement in connection with the consummation of our initial business combination.
Any such amendment may have an adverse effect on the value of an investment in our securities. 

42 

Changes in the market for directors and officers
liability insurance could make it more difficult and more expensive for us to negotiate and complete an initial business combination. 

In recent months, the market for directors and
officers liability insurance for special purpose acquisition companies has changed in ways adverse to us and our management team. Fewer
insurance companies are offering quotes for directors and officers liability coverage, the premiums charged for such policies have generally
increased and the terms of such policies have generally become less favorable. These trends may continue into the future. 

The increased cost and decreased availability
of directors and officers liability insurance could make it more difficult and more expensive for us to negotiate and complete an initial
business combination. In order to obtain directors and officers liability insurance or modify its coverage as a result of becoming a
public company, the post-business combination entity might need to incur greater expense and/or accept less favorable terms. Furthermore,
any failure to obtain adequate directors and officers liability insurance could have an adverse impact on the post-business combination s
ability to attract and retain qualified officers and directors. 

In addition, after completion of any initial
business combination, our directors and officers could be subject to potential liability from claims arising from conduct alleged to
have occurred prior to such initial business combination. As a result, in order to protect our directors and officers, the post-business combination
entity may need to purchase additional insurance with respect to any such claims run-off insurance ). The need for
run-off insurance would be an added expense for the post-business combination entity and could interfere with or frustrate
our ability to consummate an initial business combination on terms favorable to our investors. 

We may be unable to obtain additional financing
to complete our initial business combination or to fund the operations and growth of a target business, which could compel us to restructure
or abandon a particular business combination. 

We have not yet identified any prospective target business, and thus,
cannot ascertain the capital requirements for any particular transaction. If the net proceeds of our Initial Public Offering and the sale
of the private placement units prove to be insufficient to allow us to complete our initial business combination, either because of the
size of our initial business combination, the depletion of the available net proceeds in search of a target business, the obligation to
repurchase for cash a significant number of shares from stockholders who elect redemption in connection with our initial business combination
or the terms of negotiated transactions to purchase shares in connection with our initial business combination, we may be required to
seek additional financing or to abandon the proposed business combination. We cannot assure you that such financing will be available
on acceptable terms, if at all. To the extent that additional financing proves to be unavailable when needed to complete our initial business
combination, we would be compelled to either restructure the transaction or abandon that particular business combination and seek an alternative
target business candidate. In addition, even if we do not need additional financing to complete our business combination, we may require
such financing to fund the operations or growth of the target business. The failure to secure additional financing could have a material
adverse effect on the continued development or growth of the target business. None of our officers, directors or stockholders is required
to provide any financing to us in connection with or after our business combination. If we are unable to complete our initial business
combination, our public stockholders may only receive approximately 10.30 (or, if both three-month extensions occur, 10.40) per
share on the liquidation of our trust account, and our warrants will expire worthless. 

Our sponsor controls a substantial interest
in us and thus may exert a substantial influence on actions requiring a stockholder vote, potentially in a manner that you do not support. 

Our initial stockholders own approximately 22.48 
of our issued and outstanding shares of common stock. 

Accordingly, it may exert a substantial influence
on actions requiring a stockholder vote, potentially in a manner that you do not support. If our sponsor purchases any additional shares
of common stock in the aftermarket or in privately negotiated transactions, this would increase its influence. 

Neither our sponsor nor, to our knowledge, any
of our officers or directors, have any current intention to purchase additional securities. Factors that would be considered in making
such additional purchases would include consideration of the current trading price of our common stock. In addition, our board of directors,
whose members were elected by our sponsor, is and will be divided into two classes, each of which will generally serve for a term of
two years with only one class of directors being elected in each year. We may not hold an annual meeting of stockholders to elect new
directors prior to the completion of our business combination, in which case all of the current directors will continue in office until
at least the completion of the business combination. If there is an annual meeting, as a consequence of our staggered board
of directors, only half of the board of directors will be considered for election and our sponsor, because of their ownership position,
will have considerable influence regarding the outcome. Accordingly, our sponsor will continue to exert control at least until the completion
of our business combination. 

43 

Our sponsor paid an aggregate of 25,000,
or approximately 0.01 per share for the founder shares, and, accordingly, you will experience immediate and substantial dilution from
the purchase of our common stock. 

The difference between the public offering price
per share (allocating all of the unit purchase price to the common stock and none to the warrant included in the unit) and the pro forma
net tangible book value per share of our common stock after our Initial Public Offering constitutes dilution to you and the other investors
in our Initial Public Offering. Our sponsor acquired the founder shares at a nominal price, significantly contributing to this dilution.
Assuming no value is ascribed to the warrants included in the units, you and the other public stockholders incurred an immediate and
substantial dilution of approximately 105.4 (or 10.5416 per share) , the difference between the pro forma net tangible book value per
share of (0.54) and the effective initial offering price of 10.00 per unit. 

We may redeem your unexpired warrants prior
to their exercise at a time that is disadvantageous to you, thereby making your warrants worthless. 

We have the ability to redeem outstanding warrants
at any time after they become exercisable and prior to their expiration, at a price of 0.01 per warrant, provided that the last reported
sales price of the common stock equals or exceeds 18.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations and
recapitalizations) for any 20 trading days within a 30 trading-day period commencing at any time after the warrants become exercisable
and ending on the third business day prior to proper notice of such redemption provided that on the date we give notice of redemption
and during the entire period thereafter until the time we redeem the warrants, we have an effective registration statement under the
Securities Act covering the common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants and a current prospectus relating to them is available.
If and when the warrants become redeemable by us, we may exercise our redemption right even if we are unable to register or qualify the
underlying securities for sale under all applicable state securities laws. Redemption of the outstanding warrants could force you (i) to
exercise your warrants and pay the exercise price therefor at a time when it may be disadvantageous for you to do so, (ii) to sell
your warrants at the then-current market price when you might otherwise wish to hold your warrants or (iii) to accept the nominal
redemption price which, at the time the outstanding warrants are called for redemption, is likely to be substantially less than the market
value of your warrants. 

Our management s ability to require
holders of our warrants to exercise such warrants on a cashless basis will cause holders to receive fewer shares of common stock upon
their exercise of the warrants than they would have received had they been able to exercise their warrants for cash. 

If we call our public warrants for redemption
after the redemption criteria described elsewhere in our Initial Public Offering prospectus have been satisfied, our management will
have the option to require any holder that wishes to exercise his warrant (including any private warrants) to do so on a cashless
basis. If our management chooses to require holders to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis, the number of shares of common
stock received by a holder upon exercise will be fewer than it would have been had such holder exercised his warrant for cash. This will
have the effect of reducing the potential upside of the holder s investment in our company. 

If we do not file and maintain a current and
effective prospectus relating to the shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants, holders will only be able to exercise
such warrants on a cashless basis. 

If we do not file and maintain a current and
effective prospectus relating to the shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants at the time that holders wish to exercise
such warrants, they will only be able to exercise them on a cashless basis provided that an exemption from registration
is available. As a result, the number of shares of common stock that holders will receive upon exercise of the warrants will be fewer
than it would have been had such holder exercised his warrant for cash. Further, if an exemption from registration is not available,
holders would not be able to exercise on a cashless basis and would only be able to exercise their warrants for cash if a current and
effective prospectus relating to the shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants is available. Under the terms of the
warrant agreement, we have agreed to use our reasonable best efforts to meet these conditions and to file and maintain a current and
effective prospectus relating to the shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants until the expiration of the warrants.
However, we cannot assure you that we will be able to do so. If we are unable to do so, the potential upside of the holder s
investment in our company may be reduced or the warrants may expire worthless. 

44 

An investor will only be able to exercise
a warrant if the issuance of shares of common stock upon such exercise has been registered or qualified or is deemed exempt under the
securities laws of the state of residence of the holder of the warrants. 

No warrants will be exercisable and we will not
be obligated to issue shares of common stock unless the shares of common stock issuable upon such exercise has been registered or qualified
or deemed to be exempt under the securities laws of the state of residence of the holder of the warrants. If the shares of common stock
issuable upon exercise of the warrants are not qualified or exempt from qualification in the jurisdictions in which the holders of the
warrants reside, the warrants may be deprived of any value, the market for the warrants may be limited and they may expire worthless
if they cannot be sold. 

We may amend the terms of the warrants in
a manner that may be adverse to holders with the approval by the holders of at least 50 of the then outstanding public warrants. As
a result, the exercise price of your warrants could be increased, the exercise period could be shortened and the number of shares of
common stock purchasable upon exercise of a warrant could be decreased, all without your approval. 

Our warrants will be issued in registered form
under a warrant agreement between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as warrant agent, and us. The warrant agreement
provides that the terms of the warrants may be amended without the consent of any holder (i) to cure any ambiguity or correct any
mistake, including to conform the provisions of the warrant agreement to the description of the terms of the warrants and the warrant
agreement in our Initial Public Offering prospectus, or to cure, correct or supplement any defective provision, or (ii) to add or
change any other provisions with respect to matters or questions arising under the warrant agreement as the parties to the warrant agreement
may deem necessary or desirable and that the parties deem to not adversely affect the interests of the registered holders of the warrants.
The warrant agreement requires the approval by the holders of at least 50 of the then outstanding public warrants in order to make any
change that adversely affects the interests of the registered holders. Accordingly, we may amend the terms of the public warrants in
a manner adverse to a holder if holders of at least 50 of the then outstanding public warrants approve of such amendment. Although our
ability to amend the terms of the public warrants with the consent of at least 50 of the then outstanding public warrants is unlimited,
examples of such amendments could be amendments to, among other things, increase the exercise price of the warrants, convert the warrants
into cash or stock, shorten the exercise period or decrease the number of shares of common stock purchasable upon exercise of a warrant. 

A provision of our warrant agreement may make
it more difficult for us to consummate an initial business combination. 

If: 

we issue additional shares
 of common stock or equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection with the closing of our initial business
 combination at a Newly Issued Price of less than 9.20 per share of common stock, 

the aggregate gross proceeds
 from such issuances represent more than 60 of the total equity proceeds, and interest thereon, available for the funding of our
 initial business combination on the date of the consummation of our initial business combination (net of redemptions), and 

the Market
 Value is below 9.20 per share, 

then the exercise price of the warrants will
be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 115 of the greater of (i) the Market Value or (ii) the Newly Issued Price,
and the 18.00 per share redemption trigger price of the warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 180 of the greater
of (i) the Market Value or (ii) the Newly Issued Price. This may make it more difficult for us to consummate an initial business
combination with a target business. 

Our warrants may have an adverse effect on
the market price of our common stock and make it more difficult to effectuate our business combination. 

We issued warrants to purchase 8,625,000 shares
of common stock as part of the units offered by our Initial Public Offering and, simultaneously with the closing of our Initial Public
Offering, we issued private placement warrants exercisable to purchase an aggregate of 505,000 shares of our common stock as part
of the private placement units. Our sponsor has purchased from us an aggregate of 505,000 private placement units at a price of 10.00
per unit 5,050,000 in the aggregate). To the extent we issue shares of common stock to effectuate a business combination, the potential
for the issuance of a substantial number of additional shares of common stock upon exercise of these rights and warrants could make us
a less attractive acquisition vehicle to a target business. Such warrants, if and when exercised, would increase the number of issued
and outstanding shares of our common stock and reduce the value of the shares of common stock issued to complete the business combination.
Therefore, our warrants may make it more difficult to effectuate a business combination or increase the cost of acquiring the target
business. 

45 

The determination of the offering price of
our units and the size of our Initial Public Offering is more arbitrary than the pricing of securities and size of an offering of an
operating company in a particular industry. You may have less assurance, therefore, that the offering price of our units properly reflects
the value of such units than you would have in a typical offering of an operating company. 

Prior to our Initial Public Offering there has
been no public market for any of our securities. The public offering price of the units and the terms of the warrants were negotiated
between us and the underwriter. In determining the size of our Initial Public Offering, management held customary organizational meetings
with representatives of the underwriter, both prior to our inception and thereafter, with respect to the state of capital markets, generally,
and the amount the underwriter believed it reasonably could raise on our behalf. Factors considered in determining the size of our Initial
Public Offering, prices and terms of the units, including the common stock and warrants included in the units, include: 

the history
 and prospects of companies whose principal business is the acquisition of other companies; 

prior
 offerings of those companies; 

our prospects
 for acquiring an operating business at attractive values; 

a review
 of debt to equity ratios in leveraged transactions; 

our capital
 structure; 

an assessment
 of our management and their experience in identifying operating companies; 

general
 conditions of the securities markets at the time of our Initial Public Offering; and 

other
 factors as were deemed relevant. 

Although these factors were considered, the determination
of our offering price is more arbitrary than the pricing of securities of an operating company in a particular industry since we have
no historical operations or financial results. 

There is currently no market for our securities
and a market for our securities may not develop, which would adversely affect the liquidity and price of our securities. 

There is currently no market for our securities.
Stockholders therefore have no access to information about prior market history on which to base their investment decision. The price
of our securities may vary significantly due to one or more potential business combinations and general market or economic conditions.
Furthermore, an active trading market for our securities may never develop or, if developed, it may not be sustained. You may be unable
to sell your securities unless a market can be established and sustained. 

Our warrant agreement designates the courts
of the State of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York as the sole and exclusive forum for
certain types of actions and proceedings that may be initiated by holders of our warrants, which could limit the ability of warrant holders
to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with our company. 

Our warrant agreement provides that, subject
to applicable law, (i) any action, proceeding or claim against us arising out of or relating in any way to the warrant agreement, including
under the Securities Act, will be brought and enforced in the courts of the State of New York or the United States District Court for
the Southern District of New York, and (ii) that we irrevocably submit to such jurisdiction, which jurisdiction shall be the exclusive
forum for any such action, proceeding or claim. We will waive any objection to such exclusive jurisdiction and that such courts represent
an inconvenient forum. 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, these provisions
of the warrant agreement will not apply to suits brought to enforce any liability or duty created by the Exchange Act or any other claim
for which the federal district courts of the United States of America are the sole and exclusive forum. Any person or entity purchasing
or otherwise acquiring any interest in any of our warrants shall be deemed to have notice of and to have consented to the forum provisions
in our warrant agreement. If any action, the subject matter of which is within the scope the forum provisions of the warrant agreement,
is filed in a court other than a court of the State of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New
York (a foreign action in the name of any holder of our warrants, such holder shall be deemed to have consented to:
(i) the personal jurisdiction of the state and federal courts located in the State of New York in connection with any action brought
in any such court to enforce the forum provisions (an enforcement action ), and (ii) having service of process made upon
such warrant holder in any such enforcement action by service upon such warrant holder s counsel in the foreign action as agent
for such warrant holder. 

46 

This choice-of-forum provision may limit
a warrant holder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with our company, which may
discourage such lawsuits. Alternatively, if a court were to find this provision of our warrant agreement inapplicable or unenforceable
with respect to one or more of the specified types of actions or proceedings, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving
such matters in other jurisdictions, which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations
and result in a diversion of the time and resources of our management and board of directors. 

Because we must furnish our stockholders with
target business financial statements, we may lose the ability to complete an otherwise advantageous initial business combination with
some prospective target businesses. 

The federal proxy rules require that a proxy
statement with respect to a vote on a business combination meeting certain financial significance tests include historical and/or pro
forma financial statement disclosure in periodic reports. We will include the same financial statement disclosure in connection with
our tender offer documents, whether or not they are required under the tender offer rules. These financial statements may be required
to be prepared in accordance with, or be reconciled to, accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, or
U.S. GAAP, or international financial reporting standards depending on the circumstances and the historical financial statements may
be required to be audited in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), or PCAOB.
These financial statement requirements may limit the pool of potential target businesses we may acquire because some targets may be unable
to provide such financial statements in time for us to disclose such financial statements in accordance with federal proxy rules and
complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame. 

We are an emerging growth company within the
meaning of the Securities Act, and we intend to take advantage of certain exemptions from disclosure requirements available to emerging
growth companies, which could make our securities less attractive to investors and may make it more difficult to compare our performance
with other public companies. 

We are an emerging growth company 
within the meaning of the Securities Act, and we intend to take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that
are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies including, but not limited to, not being required to
comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding
executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a non-binding advisory
vote on executive compensation and stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. As a result, our stockholders
may not have access to certain information they may deem important. We will remain an emerging growth company until the earliest of (i)
the last day of the fiscal year following the fifth anniversary of February 15, 2022, or December 31, 2027, (ii) the last day of the
fiscal year in which we have total annual gross revenue of at least 1.07 billion, (iii) the last day of the fiscal year in which
we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer as defined in Rule 12b-2 under the Exchange Act, which would occur if
the market value of our common stock held by non-affiliates exceeded 700.0 million as of the last business day of the second
fiscal quarter of such year or (iv) the date on which we have issued more than 1.00 billion in non-convertible debt securities
during the prior three-year period. 

We cannot predict whether investors will find
our securities less attractive because we will rely on these exemptions. If some investors find our securities less attractive as a result
of our reliance on these exemptions, the trading prices of our securities may be lower than they otherwise would be, there may be a less
active trading market for our securities and the trading prices of our securities may be more volatile. 

Further, Section 107 of the JOBS Act also provides
that an emerging growth company can take advantage of the extended transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of
the Securities Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards. In other words, an emerging growth company can
delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies. The JOBS Act provides
that a company can elect to opt out of the extended transition period and comply with the requirements that apply to non-emerging growth
companies but any such an election to opt out is irrevocable. We have elected not to opt out of such extended transition period which
means that when a standard is issued or revised and it has different application dates for public or private companies, we, as an emerging
growth company, can adopt the new or revised standard at the time private companies adopt the new or revised standard. This may
make comparison of our financial statements with another public company which is neither an emerging growth company nor
an emerging growth company which has opted out of using the extended transition period difficult or impossible because
of the potential differences in accountant standards used. 

Compliance obligations under the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act may make it more difficult for us to effectuate our business combination, require substantial financial and management resources,
and increase the time and costs of completing an acquisition. 

Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
requires that we evaluate and report on our system of internal controls beginning with our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year
ending December 31, 2022. Only in the event we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer or an accelerated filer will we be required
to comply with the independent registered public accounting firm attestation requirement on our internal control over financial reporting.
Further, for as long as we remain an emerging growth company, we will not be required to comply with the independent registered
public accounting firm attestation requirement on our internal control over financial reporting. The fact that we are a blank check company
makes compliance with the requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act particularly burdensome on us as compared to other public companies
because a target company with which we seek to complete our business combination may not be in compliance with the provisions of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act regarding adequacy of its internal controls. The development of the internal control of any such entity to achieve
compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may increase the time and costs necessary to complete any such acquisition. 

47 

We have identified a material weakness in
our internal control over financial reporting. We may identify additional material weaknesses in the future or otherwise fail to maintain
an effective system of internal controls, which may result in material misstatements of our financial statements or cause us to fail
to meet our periodic reporting obligations. 

Our management is responsible for establishing
and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability
of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with GAAP. Our management is likewise
required, on a quarterly basis, to evaluate the effectiveness of our internal controls and to disclose any changes and material weaknesses
identified through such evaluation of those internal controls. A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies,
in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of our annual
or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. 

We identified a material weakness in our internal
control over financial reporting relating to our lack of sufficient accounting personnel to manage the Company s financial accounting
process and certain accruals not initially being recorded in a timely manner, as further described in Item 9A Controls
and Procedures. 

If we are unable to remediate our material weaknesses
in a timely manner or we identify additional material weaknesses, we may be unable to provide required financial information in a timely
and reliable manner and we may incorrectly report financial information. Likewise, if our financial statements are not filed on a timely
basis, we could be subject to sanctions or investigations by the stock exchange on which our Class A ordinary shares is listed, the SEC
or other regulatory authorities. Failure to timely file will cause us to be ineligible to utilize short form registration statements
on Form S-3 or Form S-4, which may impair our ability to obtain capital in a timely fashion to execute our business strategies or issue
shares to effect an acquisition. In either case, there could result a material adverse effect on our business. The existence of material
weaknesses or significant deficiencies in internal control over financial reporting could adversely affect our reputation or investor
perceptions of us, which could have a negative effect on the trading price of our stock. 

We can give no assurance that the measures we
have taken and plan to take in the future will remediate the material weakness identified or that any additional material weaknesses
or restatements of financial results will not arise in the future due to a failure to implement and maintain adequate internal control
over financial reporting or circumvention of these controls. In addition, even if we are successful in strengthening our controls and
procedures, in the future those controls and procedures may not be adequate to prevent or identify irregularities or errors or to facilitate
the fair presentation of our financial statements. 

Provisions in our amended and restated certificate
of incorporation and Delaware law may inhibit a takeover of us, which could limit the price investors might be willing to pay in the
future for our common stock and could entrench management. 

Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation
will contain provisions that may discourage unsolicited takeover proposals that stockholders may consider to be in their best interests.
These provisions include a staggered board of directors and the ability of the board of directors to designate the terms of and issue
new series of preferred shares, which may make more difficult the removal of management and may discourage transactions that otherwise
could involve payment of a premium over prevailing market prices for our securities. 

We are also subject to anti-takeover provisions
under Delaware law, which could delay or prevent a change of control. Together these provisions may make more difficult the removal of
management and may discourage transactions that otherwise could involve payment of a premium over prevailing market prices for our securities. 

48 

Provisions in our amended and restated certificate
of incorporation and Delaware law may have the effect of discouraging lawsuits against our directors and officers. 

Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation
will require, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, that (i) any derivative action or proceeding brought
on our behalf, (ii) any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any director, officer or other employee to us
or our stockholders, (iii) any action asserting a claim against us, our directors, officers or employees arising pursuant to any provision
of the DGCL or our amended and restated certificate of incorporation or bylaws, or (iv) any action asserting a claim against us, our
directors, officers or employees governed by the internal affairs doctrine may be brought only in the Court of Chancery in the State
of Delaware, except any claim (A) as to which the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware determines that there is an indispensable
party not subject to the jurisdiction of the Court of Chancery (and the indispensable party does not consent to the personal jurisdiction
of the Court of Chancery within ten days following such determination), (B) which is vested in the exclusive jurisdiction of a court
or forum other than the Court of Chancery, or (C) for which the Court of Chancery does not have subject matter jurisdiction. If an action
is brought outside of Delaware, the stockholder bringing the suit will be deemed to have consented to service of process on such stockholder s
counsel. Although we believe this provision benefits us by providing increased consistency in the application of Delaware law in the
types of lawsuits to which it applies, a court may determine that this provision is unenforceable, and to the extent it is enforceable,
the provision may have the effect of discouraging lawsuits against our directors and officers, although our stockholders will not be
deemed to have waived our compliance with federal securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder. 

Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation
will provide that the exclusive forum provision will be applicable to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, subject to certain
exceptions. Section 27 of the Exchange Act creates exclusive federal jurisdiction over all suits brought to enforce any duty or liability
created by the Exchange Act or the rules and regulations thereunder. As a result, the exclusive forum provision will not apply to suits
brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Exchange Act or any other claim for which the federal courts have exclusive jurisdiction.
In addition, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an
alternative forum, the federal district courts of the United States of America shall, to the fullest extent permitted by law, be the
exclusive forum for the resolution of any complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended,
or the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. We note, however, that there is uncertainty as to whether a court would enforce
this provision and that investors cannot waive compliance with the federal securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder.
Section 22 of the Securities Act creates concurrent jurisdiction for state and federal courts over all suits brought to enforce any duty
or liability created by the Securities Act or the rules and regulations thereunder. 

General Risk Factors 

We are a newly formed company with no operating
history and no revenues, and you have no basis on which to evaluate our ability to achieve our business objective. 

We are a newly formed company with no operating
results. Because we lack an operating history, you have no basis upon which to evaluate our ability to achieve our business objective
of completing our initial business combination with one or more target businesses. We have no plans, arrangements or understandings with
any prospective target business concerning a business combination and may be unable to complete our business combination. If we fail
to complete our business combination, we will never generate any operating revenues. 

Past performance by our management team may
not be indicative of future performance of an investment in us. 

Information regarding performance by, or businesses
associated with, our management team is presented for informational purposes only. Any past experience and performance of our management
team is neither a guarantee that we will be able to successfully identify a suitable candidate for our initial business combination nor of
any results with respect to any initial business combination we may consummate. You should not rely on the historical record of our management
team s performance as indicative of the future performance of an investment in us or the returns we will, or are likely to, generate
going forward. Additionally, in the course of their respective careers, members of our management team have been involved in businesses
and deals that were unsuccessful. None of our officers and directors has experience with SPACs. 

49 

Changes in tax laws and regulations could
adversely impact our earnings and the cost, manner or feasibility of conducting our operations. 

Members of Congress periodically introduce legislation
to revise U.S. federal income tax laws which could have a material impact on us. Most recently, on August 16, 2022, legislation commonly
known as the Inflation Reduction Act was signed into law. Among other things, the Inflation Reduction Act includes a 1 excise tax on
corporate stock repurchases, applicable to repurchases made after December 31, 2022, and also a new minimum tax based on book income.
We are in the process of evaluating the potential impacts of the Inflation Reduction Act to us. While we do not currently expect the
Inflation Reduction Act to have a material impact on our financial statements, our analysis of the effect of the Inflation Reduction
Act on us is ongoing and incomplete, and it is possible that the Inflation Reduction Act (or implementing regulations and other guidance)
could adversely impact our current and deferred federal tax liability. Additionally, state and local taxing authorities in jurisdictions
in which we operate or own assets may enact new taxes, such as the imposition of a severance tax on the extraction of natural resources
in states in which we produce natural gas, NGLs and oil, or change the rates of existing taxes, which could adversely impact our earnings,
cash flows and financial position. 

Changes in laws or regulations, or a failure
to comply with any laws and regulations, may adversely affect our business, investments and results of operations. 

We are subject to laws and regulations enacted
by national, regional and local governments. In particular, we will be required to comply with certain SEC and other legal requirements.
Compliance with, and monitoring of, applicable laws and regulations may be difficult, time consuming and costly. Those laws and regulations
and their interpretation and application may also change from time to time and those changes could have a material adverse effect on
our business, investments and results of operations. In addition, a failure to comply with applicable laws or regulations, as interpreted
and applied, could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. 

On March 30, 2022, the SEC issued proposed rules
relating to, among other items, enhancing disclosures in business combination transactions involving SPACs and private operating companies;
amending the financial statement requirements applicable to transactions involving shell companies; effectively limiting the use of projections
in SEC filings in connection with proposed business combination transactions; increasing the potential liability of certain participants
in proposed business combination transactions; and the extent to which SPACs could become subject to regulation under the Investment
Company Act of 1940. These rules, if adopted, whether in the form proposed or in revised form, may materially adversely affect our ability
to negotiate and complete our initial business combination and may increase the costs and time related thereto 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

None. 

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 

We maintain our principal executive offices at 3730 Kirby Drive, Suite
1200, Houston, Texas 77098. The cost of our use of this space is included in the 10,000 per month fee we currently pay to an affiliate
of our sponsor for office space, administrative and support services. We consider our current office space adequate for our current operations. 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

To the knowledge of our management, there is
no litigation currently pending or contemplated against us, any of our officers or directors in their capacity as such or against any
of our property. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Not applicable. 

50 

PART II 

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S
COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

(a) Market Information 

Our units commenced public trading on February
10, 2022, on the NYSE American under the symbol HNRAU and ceased trading on April 4, 2022. Our common stock and redeemable
warrants commenced trading separately on the NYSE American under the symbols HNRA and HNRAW , respectively on April
4, 2022. 

(b) Holders 

On March 27, 2023, there were 24 holders of record
for our shares of common stock and 1 holder of our warrants. The number of record holders was determined from the records of our transfer
agent and does not include beneficial owners of our shares of common stock whose shares are held in the names of various security brokers,
dealers and registered clearing agencies. 

(c) Dividends 

We have not paid any cash dividends on our common
stock to date and do not intend to pay cash dividends prior to the completion of an initial business combination. The payment of cash
dividends in the future will be dependent upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital requirements and general financial conditions
subsequent to completion of an initial business combination. The payment of any cash dividends subsequent to an initial business combination
will be within the discretion of our board of directors at such time. In addition, our board of directors is not currently contemplating
and does not anticipate declaring any stock dividends in the foreseeable future. Further, if we incur any indebtedness, our ability to
declare dividends may be limited by restrictive covenants we may agree to in connection therewith. 

(d) Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation
Plans 

None. 

(e) Performance Graph 

Not applicable. 

(f) Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities; Use of Proceeds from
Registered Offerings 

Unregistered Sales 

On December 24, 2020, our sponsor purchased
2,875,000 founder shares for an aggregate purchase price of 25,000, up to 375,000 founder shares of which were subject to forfeiture.
On February 4, 2022, our sponsor forfeited 373,750 founder shares and as a result, there are currently 2,501,250 founder shares
issued and outstanding. Such securities were issued in connection with our organization pursuant to the exemption from registration contained
in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act. Our sponsor is an accredited investor for purposes of Rule 501 of Regulation D. 

In addition, our sponsor purchased an aggregate
of 505,000 private placement units at a price of 10.00 per unit 5,050,000 in the aggregate). This purchase took place on a private
placement basis simultaneously with the completion of our Initial Public Offering. This issuance was made pursuant to the exemption from
registration contained in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act. 

Use of Proceeds 

In connection with our Initial Public Offering, we incurred offering
costs of 4,793,698 (including underwriting commissions of approximately 1,725,000, deferred underwriting fee of 2,587,500 and other
offering costs of 481,198). Other incurred offering costs consisted principally of preparation fees related to the Initial Public Offering.
After deducting the underwriting discounts and commissions and the Initial Public Offering expenses, 1,368,050 of the net proceeds from
our Initial Public Offering and certain of the proceeds from the private placement of the private placement units (or 10.30 per unit
sold in our Initial Public Offering) was placed in the trust account. The net proceeds of our Initial Public Offering and certain proceeds
from the sale of the private placement warrants are held in the trust account and invested as described elsewhere in this Report. 

51 

Effective April 11, 2022, the Company entered
into an agreement with Rhone Merchant Resources Inc. (formerly known as Houston Natural Resources Inc.), a Company controlled by our
Chairman and CEO, for services related to identifying potential business combination targets. The Company paid 275,000 up front related
to this agreement in February 2022. 

Additionally, In February 2022, the Company repaid
the 88,200 in short term advances from a shareholder of the Sponsor, and agreed to pay an additional 190,202 for expenses the individual
incurred related to services provided by our sponsor. 

There has been no material change in the planned
use of the proceeds from our Initial Public Offering and the sale of the private placement warrants as is described in our final prospectus
related to our Initial Public Offering. Other than as described above, no payments were made by us to directors, officers or persons
owning ten percent or more of our common stock or to their associates, or to our affiliates. 

(g) Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated
Purchasers 

None. 

ITEM 6. [RESERVED] 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION
AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 

All statements other than statements of historical
fact included in this Amendment including, without limitation, statements under Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis
of Financial Condition and Results of Operations regarding the Company s financial position, business strategy and the plans
and objectives of management for future operations, are forward-looking statements. When used in this Amendment, words such as anticipate, 
 believe, estimate, expect, intend and similar expressions, as they relate to
us or the Company s management, identify forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements are based on the beliefs of
management, as well as assumptions made by, and information currently available to, the Company s management. Actual results could
differ materially from those contemplated by the forward-looking statements as a result of certain factors detailed in our filings with
the SEC. 

The following discussion and analysis of our
financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the financial statements and the notes thereto contained
elsewhere in this Amendment. Certain information contained in the discussion and analysis set forth below includes forward-looking statements
that involve risks and uncertainties. 

Overview 

We are a newly organized blank check company incorporated
on December 9, 2020 as a Delaware corporation and formed for the purpose of effecting a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition,
stock purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses. Our efforts to identify a prospective target
business will not be limited to a particular industry or geographic region. While we may pursue an acquisition opportunity in any industry
or sector, we intend to focus on assets used in exploring, developing, producing, transporting, storing, gathering, processing, fractionating,
refining, distributing or marketing of natural gas, natural gas liquids, crude oil or refined products in North America. 

As indicated in the accompanying financial statements,
at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, we had 75,612 and 38,743 in cash, respectively, and a working capital deficit of 788,689
and 186,015, respectively (excluding deferred offering costs). We expect to continue to incur significant costs in the pursuit of our
acquisition plans. We cannot assure you that our plans to complete our initial business combination will be successful. 

52 

Results of Operations 

We have neither engaged in any operations nor
generated any revenues to date. Our only activities from inception (December 9, 2020) through December 31, 2022 were organizational
activities, those necessary to prepare for our Initial Public Offering, described below, and, after our Initial Public Offering, identifying
a target company for a business combination. We do not expect to generate any operating revenues until after the completion of our business
combination. We generate non-operating income in the form of interest income on marketable securities held in the trust account, and
changes in the fair value of warrant liabilities. We incur expenses as a result of being a public company (for legal, financial reporting,
accounting and auditing compliance), as well as for due diligence expenses. 

For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021,
we had a net loss of 750,347 and 13,782, respectively, which consisted of 1,598,013 and 13,782 of operating costs, respectively, 200,000
and 0 of franchise tax, partially offset by 1,268,362 and 0 of interest income on marketable securities held in our Trust Account,
and 969 and 0 of interest income, respectively. Operating costs increased during the current year due to the Company s Initial
Public Offering that closed in February 2022, and costs related to pursuit of the Company s Initial Business Combination. We also
recognized income tax expense of 221,665 and 0 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

On February 15, 2022, we consummated our Initial
Public Offering of 8,625,000 units at a price of 10.00 per unit (including 1,125,000 units from the full exercise of the underwriters 
over-allotment option), generating gross proceeds of 86,250,000. Simultaneously with the closing of the Initial Public Offering, we consummated
the sale of 505,000 private placement units to the Sponsor at a price of 10.00 per unit, generating gross proceeds of 5,050,000. Following
the Initial Public Offering, the exercise of the over-allotment option and the sale of the private placement units, a total of 82,925,000
of net proceeds were placed in the trust account. We incurred 4,793,698 in transaction costs, including 2,587,500 of underwriting fees,
 1,725,000 of underwriting discount and 481,198 of other offering costs. 

We intend to use substantially all of the funds
held in the trust account, including any amounts representing interest earned on the trust account (less deferred underwriting commissions
and income taxes payable), to complete our business combination. To the extent that our equity or debt is used, in whole or in part, as
consideration to complete our business combination, the remaining proceeds held in the trust account will be used as working capital to
finance the operations of the target business or businesses, make other acquisitions and pursue our growth strategies. 

In order to fund working capital deficiencies
or finance transaction costs in connection with a business combination, our sponsor and our initial stockholders or their affiliates may,
but are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required. If we complete a business combination, we would repay such loaned amounts.
In the event that a business combination does not close, we may use a portion of the working capital held outside the trust account to
repay such loaned amounts but no proceeds from our trust account would be used for such repayment. Up to 1,000,000 of such loans may
be convertible into warrants identical to the private placement warrants, at a price of 1.00 per warrant at the option of the lender.
The warrants would be identical to the private placement warrants, including as to exercise price, exercisability and exercise period.
The terms of such loans by our officers and directors, if any, have not been determined and no written agreements exist with respect to
such loans. We do not expect to seek loans from parties other than our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor as we do not believe third
parties will be willing to loan such funds and provide a waiver against any and all rights to seek access to funds in our trust account. 

At December 31, 2022, we had 75,612 in cash and a working capital
deficit of 788,689. Further, we have incurred and expect to continue to incur significant costs in pursuit of our financing and acquisition
plans. On February 5, 2023, the Company received notice from the Sponsor of its intention to extend the Combination period by three months
until May 15, 2023. On February 8, 2023 in accordance with the Company s amended and restated certificate of incorporation, the
Sponsor s designee deposited 862,500 into the Company s trust account in connection with the extension. There is one additional
three-month extension available to the Company. In the event we do not complete a Business Combination by May 15, 2023, or within an additional
three months from that date if the available extension is exercised, the Company is required to redeem the public shares sold in the Initial
Public Offering. Additionally, our officers, directors and Sponsor may, but are not obligated to, loan the Company funds, from time to
time or at any time, in whatever amount they deem reasonable in their sole discretion, to meet the Company s working capital needs.
Accordingly, the Company may not be able to obtain additional financing. If the Company is unable to raise additional capital, it may
be required to take additional measures to conserve liquidity, which could include, but not necessarily be limited to, curtailing operations,
suspending the pursuit of a potential transaction, and reducing overhead expenses. We cannot provide any assurance that new financing
will be available to it on commercially acceptable terms, if at all. These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company s
ability to continue as a going concern within one year after the date that the financial statements are issued. There is no assurance
that the Company s plans to consummate a Business Combination will be successful within the Combination Period. The financial statements
do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

53 

We believe we will need to raise additional funds
in order to meet the expenditures required for operating our business. If our estimate of the costs of identifying a target business,
undertaking in-depth due diligence and negotiating a business combination are less than the actual amount necessary to do so, we may
have insufficient funds available to operate our business prior to our business combination. Moreover, we may need to obtain additional
financing either to complete our business combination or because we become obligated to redeem a significant number of our public shares
upon consummation of our business combination, in which case we may issue additional securities or incur debt in connection with such
business combination. Subject to compliance with applicable securities laws, we would only complete such financing simultaneously with
the completion of our business combination. If we are unable to complete our business combination because we do not have sufficient funds
available to us, we will be forced to cease operations and liquidate the trust account. In addition, following our business combination,
if cash on hand is insufficient, we may need to obtain additional financing in order to meet our obligations. 

Off-balance sheet financing arrangements 

We did not have any off-balance sheet arrangements
as of December 31, 2022. 

Contractual Obligations 

We do not have any long-term debt, capital lease obligations, operating
lease obligations or long-term liabilities, other than an agreement to pay our Sponsor a total of 10,000 per month for office space,
utilities and secretarial and administrative support. The Company has paid 124,250 to the Sponsor through December 31, 2022 for administrative
support services. 

Critical Accounting Policies 

The preparation of financial statements and related
disclosures in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make estimates
and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date
of the financial statements, and income and expenses during the periods reported. Actual results could materially differ from those estimates.
We have identified the following critical accounting policies: 

Common Stock Subject to Possible Redemption: 

The Company accounts for its common stock subject
to possible redemption in accordance with the guidance in Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 480 Distinguishing
Liabilities from Equity . Common stock subject to mandatory redemption (if any) are classified as a liability instrument and are
measured at fair value. Conditionally redeemable common stock (including common stock that feature redemption rights that are either
within the control of the holder or subject to the redemption upon the occurrence of uncertain events not solely within the Company s
control) are classified as temporary equity. At all other times, common stock is classified as stockholders equity. The Company s
common stock issued in the Initial Public Offering feature certain redemption rights that are considered to be outside of the Company s
control and subject to the occurrence of uncertain future events. Accordingly, the shares of common stock subject to possible redemption
will be presented at redemption value as temporary equity, outside of the stockholders equity section of the Company s balance
sheet upon closing of the Initial Public Offering. 

Net Loss Per Shares of Common Stock: 

Net loss per share of common stock is computed
by dividing net loss applicable to common stockholders by the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding during the
period, excluding shares of common stock subject to forfeiture. Weighted average shares for the year ended December 31, 2021 were reduced
for the effect of an aggregate of 375,000 shares of common stock subject to forfeiture if the over-allotment option was not
exercised by the underwriter (see Note 3). The Company has not considered the effect of the warrants sold in the Initial Public Offering
and private placement warrants to purchase an aggregate of 6,847,500 shares in the calculation of diluted income per share,
since the exercise of the warrants is contingent upon the occurrence of future events. As a result, diluted loss per share of common
stock is the same as basic loss per share of common stock for the period presented. 

The Company s statements of operations
include a presentation of net loss per share for common stock shares subject to possible redemption in a manner similar to the two-class
method of income per share. Net loss per common share, basic and diluted, for redeemable common stock is calculated by dividing the net
income allocable to redeemable common stock, by the weighted average number of redeemable common shares outstanding since original issuance.
Net loss per common stock, basic and diluted, for non-redeemable common stock is calculated by dividing net income allocable to non-redeemable
common stock, by the weighted average number of shares of non-redeemable common stock outstanding for the periods. Shares of non-redeemable
common stock include the founder shares as these common shares do not have any redemption features and do not participate in the income
earned on the Trust Account. 

54 

Financial Instruments: 

The fair value of the Company s assets
and liabilities, which qualify as financial instruments under FASB ASC 820, Fair Value Measurement , approximates the
carrying amounts represented on the balance sheet. 

The Fair value is defined
as the price that would be received for sale of an asset or paid for transfer of a liability, in an orderly transaction between market
participants at the measurement date. GAAP establishes a three-tier fair value hierarchy, which prioritizes the inputs used in measuring
fair value. The hierarchy gives the highest priority to unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities
(Level 1 measurements) and the lowest priority to unobservable inputs (Level 3 measurements). These tiers include: 

Level
 1, defined as observable inputs such as quoted prices (unadjusted) for identical instruments in active markets; 

Level
 2, defined as inputs other than quoted prices in active markets that are either directly or indirectly observable such as quoted
 prices for similar instruments in active markets or quoted prices for identical or similar instruments in markets that are not active;
 and 

Level
 3, defined as unobservable inputs in which little or no market data exists, therefore requiring an entity to develop its own assumptions,
 such as valuations derived from valuation techniques in which one or more significant inputs or significant value drivers are unobservable. 

In some circumstances,
the inputs used to measure fair value might be categorized within different levels of the fair value hierarchy. In those instances, the
fair value measurement is categorized in its entirety in the fair value hierarchy based on the lowest level input that is significant
to the fair value measurement. 

Use of Estimates: 

The preparation of financial statements in conformity
with GAAP requires the Company s management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities
and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and
expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. 

Recent Accounting Standards 

In August 2020, the Financial
Accounting Standards Board FASB issued Accounting Standards Update ASU 2020-06, Debt-Debt
with Conversion and Other Options (Subtopic 470-20) and Derivatives and Hedging-Contracts in Entity s Own Equity (Subtopic 815-40) ASU 2020-06 to simplify accounting for certain financial instruments. ASU 2020-06 eliminates the current models
that require separation of beneficial conversion and cash conversion features from convertible instruments and simplifies the derivative
scope exception guidance pertaining to equity classification of contracts in an entity s own equity. The new standard also introduces
additional disclosures for convertible debt and freestanding instruments that are indexed to and settled in an entity s own equity.
ASU 2020-06 amends the diluted earnings per share guidance, including the requirement to use the if-converted method for all convertible
instruments. The amendments are effective for smaller reporting companies for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2023, including
interim periods within those fiscal years. The Company is currently assessing the impact, if any, that ASU 2020-06 would have on its
financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 

Management does not believe
that any recently issued, but not yet effective, accounting standards, if currently adopted, would have a material effect on our financial
statements. 

55 

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET
RISK 

We are a smaller reporting company as defined
by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act and are not required to provide the information otherwise required under this item. 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

This information appears following Item 16
of this Amendment and is included herein by reference. 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS
WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

None. 

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Disclosure controls and procedures are controls
and other procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed or submitted under the
Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure
controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed
in our reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive
Officer (Principal Executive Officer, Principal Financial and Accounting Officer), as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding
required disclosure. 

As required by Rules 13a-15 and 15d-15 under
the Exchange Act, our Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer, Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) carried out an
evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2022. Based
upon his evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer, Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) concluded
that, our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective related to the lack of sufficient accounting personnel to manage the
Company s financial accounting process and certain accruals not initially being recorded in a timely manner which combined constituted
a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting. As a result, we performed additional analysis as deemed necessary
to ensure that our financial statements were prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. Accordingly,
management believes that the financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K present fairly in all material respects
our financial position, results of operations and cash flows for the period presented. 

A material weakness is a deficiency, or combination
of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement
of the Company s annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. Management concluded
that a deficiency in internal control over financial reporting existed relating to the lack of sufficient accounting personnel and certain
accruals not being recorded in a timely manner constituted a material weakness as defined in the SEC regulations. 

56 

Management s Report on Internal Controls Over Financial Reporting

As required by SEC rules and regulations implementing
Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over
financial reporting. Our internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability
of financial reporting and the preparation of our consolidated financial statements for external reporting purposes in accordance with
GAAP. Our internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that: (1) pertain to the maintenance of records
that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of our company, (2) provide
reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP,
and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of our management and directors, and (3)
provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that
could have a material effect on the consolidated financial statements. 

Management assessed the effectiveness of our
internal control over financial reporting at December 31, 2022. In making these assessments, management used the criteria set forth by
the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013). Based
on our assessments and those criteria, management determined that we did not maintain effective internal control over financial reporting
as of December 31, 2022 due to the material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting described above. 

This Annual Report on Form 10-K does not include
an attestation report on internal control over financial reporting from our independent registered public accounting firm due to our
status as an emerging growth company under the JOBS Act. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

During the most recently completed fiscal quarter,
there has been no change in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange
Act) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. In light
of the restatement of our financial statements included in the Prior Reports, we plan to enhance our processes to identify and appropriately
apply applicable accounting requirements to better evaluate and understand the nuances of the complex accounting standards that apply
to our financial statements. Our plans at this time include providing enhanced access to accounting literature, research materials and
documents and increased communication among our personnel and third-party professionals with whom we consult regarding complex accounting
applications. The elements of our remediation plan can only be accomplished over time, and we can offer no assurance that these initiatives
will ultimately have the intended effects. 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION. 

Not applicable. 

ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT
INSPECTIONS. 

Not applicable. 

57 

PART III 

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

Directors and Executive Officers 

Our current directors and executive officers
are as follows: 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Title 
 
 Donald H. Goree 
 
 65 
 
 Chief Executive Officer,
 Director and Chairman 
 
 Donald W. Orr 
 
 70 
 
 President and Director 
 
 Joseph V. Salvucci, Sr. 
 
 66 
 
 Independent Director 
 
 Diego Rojas 
 
 68 
 
 Independent Director 
 
 Joseph V. Salvucci, Jr. 
 
 38 
 
 Independent Director 

Donald H. Goree founded our company
and has served as our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer since our inception. Mr. Goree is also the founder of Houston Natural
Resources, Inc., a global natural resource corporation located in Houston, Texas and controlling member of our sponsor, and has served
as its Chairman and Chief Executive Officer since January 2018. Mr. Goree is also the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
of Houston Natural Resources Corp, positions he has held since April 2020. Mr. Goree has over 40 years experience
in the oil and gas industry involving exploration and production, oil and gas pipeline construction and operations, natural gas gathering,
processing and gas liquification. In 2003, Mr. Goree founded Global Xchange Solutions AG., a publicly reporting corporation, private
equity, investment bank and market-making firm, based in Zurich, Switzerland, with offices in Frankfurt, Germany and London, United Kingdom,
and served as Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Global Xchange Solutions from 2002 to 2012. Global Xchange Solutions sponsored
listings of private companies to the London Stock Exchange, AIM, the Frankfurt Stock Exchange, the Berlin Stock Exchange and the B rse
Stuttgart , and provided public company development and market development advice. From 2003 to 2005, Mr. Goree
served as Chairman and Chief Executive officer of Azur Holdings, Inc., a Fort Lauderdale, Florida-based, OTC-listed luxury real
estate developer of mid-rise waterfront condominiums. From 2012 to 2019, Mr. Goree served as the Managing Director of Rhone
Merchant House Ltd., a firm which provides merchant banking and investment banking services to a small and elite list of clients. Mr. Goree
has an Executive Master of Business and Entrepreneurship degree from the Rice University Jones Graduate School of Business. We believe
Mr. Goree is qualified to serve as a member of our board of directors based on our review of his experience, qualifications, attributes
and skills, including co-founding our company and other companies and his executive leadership experience in the oil and gas industry. 

Donald W. Orr has served as our President
and a member of our Board of Directors since January 2021. Mr. Orr is a geologist with over 42 years of experience in petroleum
geology and production operations. Mr. Orr began his career as a junior geologist with Texas Oil and Gas Corporation in 1976. In
February 1979, Mr. Orr helped form American Shoreline, Inc., an independent oil and gas company. Mr. Orr was previously held
the title of Senior Geologist at Seven Energy LLC, a wholly owned subsidiary of Weatherford International plc from June 2005 to August
2008, where he helped pioneered numerous innovations in UBD (underbalanced drilling), including drilling with unconventional materials
and devising the methodology for unlocking the productive capacity of the Buda Lime through the use of UBD. In June 2009, Mr. Orr
founded XNP Resources, LLC, an independent oil and gas company engaged in the exploration, development, production, and acquisition of
oil and natural gas resources. Shortly thereafter, XNP Resources teamed up with Tahoe Energy Partners, LLC in 2012 to acquire oil and
gas leases for drilling in the Rocky Mountain region. At Mr. Orr s direction, XNP Resources began acquiring a strategic leasehold
position in the Sand Wash Basin in Colorado. XNP Resources was able to secure a major leasehold position in the heart of what has become
the highly competitive Niobrara Shale formation in western Colorado. Since 2014, Mr. Orr has been developing an unconventional resource
play in Alaska that contains over 600 billion cubic feet of gas in stacked coal reservoirs. More recently, Mr. Orr assembled
a team of oil and gas professionals in order to study certain oil provinces in Columbia. S.A. Mr. Orr also serves as President and
on the Board of Directors of Houston Natural Resources, Inc. Mr. Orr has a Bachelor of Science degree in Geology from Texas A I
University, with a minor in Mathematics. 

Joseph V. Salvucci, Sr. has served
as a member of our board of directors since December 2021. Mr. Salvucci acquired PEAK Technical Staffing USA PEAK ),
peaktechnical.com in 1986 and has grown the business to be a premier provider of USA-based contract engineers and technical specialists,
on assignment worldwide through a comprehensive, customer focused, enterprise-wide Managed Staffing Solution. During his 35 year
tenure as owner of the company, PEAK has expanded from Pittsburgh to do business in all 50 States, Canada, Europe, South America, India,
and the Philippines. Mr. Salvucci is also active in several professional and charitable organizations. He served 10 years on the
board of directors culminating as President of the National Technical Services Association, a trade association representing 300,000
contractors on assignment in the technical staffing industry, later merging with the American Staffing Association. He is an active member
of the Young Presidents Organization Gold, formerly known as the World Presidents Organization (WPO), and has served as a member of the
WPO International Board, as well as chairman of East Central US (ECUS) Region and Pittsburgh chapters. As a 1976 Civil Engineering graduate
of the University of Pittsburgh, he was member of the Triangle (Engineering) Fraternity and its Alumni Association. He earned the Triangle
Fraternity Distinguished Alumnus Citation in 2011 and currently serves on the Board of Directors. After earning the rank of Eagle Scout
in 1970, he has remained active with the Boy Scouts of America, having served as Chairman of the Pittsburgh Chapter of the National Eagle
Scout Association, earning the NOESA (National Outstanding Eagle Scout Award) and the Silver Beaver Award and is currently VP of Development
and a board member of the Laurel Highlands Council in Western Pennsylvania. He was awarded the Manifesting the Kingdom Award by the Catholic
Diocese of Pittsburgh in 2011. He was awarded the Big Mac Award from the Ronald McDonald Charities. He earned his BS in
Civil Engineering from the University of Pittsburgh in 1976 and attended Harvard Business School s OPM 33. We believe Mr. Salvucci
is qualified to serve as a member of our board of directors based on our review of his extensive executive experience, qualifications,
attributes and skills, including founding and growing PEAK into a global staffing enterprise. 

58 

Diego Rojas has served as a member
of our board of directors since January 2021. Mr. Rojas has 40 years experience in the oil and gas industry with most
of that experience in energy operations onshore, offshore and internationally. He began his career in 1975 with Exxon Company USA in
their Southeast Division headquarters in New Orleans, Louisiana, and eventually became District Engineering Manager for Exxon s
Offshore District, with responsibility for more than 75 engineers, 200 offshore platforms and 2,000 wells. After leaving Exxon,
Mr. Rojas led several independent companies both in the United States and Latin America, including Enercap Corp (formerly,
DCR Petroleum), which he founded in 1983, and served as Principal Owner until 1985. Prior to DRC Petroleum, Mr. Rojas was an independent
acquisitions and operations consultant involved in exploration and production (E P) and services company activities. From 1991 to
1994, Mr. Rojas served as Vice President of King Ranch Capital, where he managed King Ranch Capital s acquisitions group.
For the past five years Mr. Rojas has served as a consultant with Enerlat, a private consulting company which he controls. Mr. Rojas
graduated with honors from the University of Florida with a Bachelor of Science in Mechanical Engineering. We believe Mr. Rojas
is qualified to serve as a member of our board of directors based on our review of his experience, qualifications, attributes and skills,
including his management experience and his considerable experience in the oil and gas industry. 

Joseph V. Salvucci, Jr. has served
as a member of our board of directors since December 2021. Mr. Salvucci began his career with PEAK in November 2010 and is currently
serving as the President and Chief Operating Officer overseeing nine branches with several hundred employees, and the Marketing and Recruiting
Process Enhancement departments. Joseph also oversees strategic initiatives, including Staff Training, Career Pathing, and Organic Growth.
A graduate of Susquehanna University in Pennsylvania, Mr. Salvucci earned his Bachelor of Science in Business Administration with
emphasis in Finance, and studied Business in London. Before joining PEAK, Mr. Salvucci worked with Merrill Lynch in various banking
and brokerage back-office functions from 2007 to 2009. In addition to his responsibilities as President/COO of PEAK, Mr. Salvucci
serves on the board of Temporary Services Insurance Limited, a Workers Compensation company serving staffing companies. We believe
Mr. Salvucci is qualified to serve as a member of our board of directors based on our review of his extensive experience, qualifications,
attributes and skills, including his education and expertise in finance, and his management and executive experience as President and
COO of PEAK. 

Family Relationships 

There are no family relationships between any
of our officers and directors, except that Mr. Joseph V. Salvucci Jr. and Mr. Joseph V. Salvucci Sr. are father and son. 

Number and Terms of Office of Officers and Directors 

Our board of directors has five directors. Our
board of directors is divided into two classes with only one class of directors being elected in each year and each class (except for
those directors appointed prior to our first annual meeting of stockholders) serving a one-year term. The class I directors consist
of Diego Rojas and Joseph V. Salvucci, Jr., and their term expires at our first annual meeting of stockholders. The class II directors
will consist of Donald H Goree, Donald W. Orr and Joseph V. Salvucci, Sr. and their term expires at the second annual meeting of stockholders.
We may not hold an annual meeting of stockholders until after we consummate our initial business combination. 

Our officers are elected by the board of directors
and serve at the discretion of the board of directors, rather than for specific terms of office. Our board of directors is authorized
to appoint persons to the offices set forth in our bylaws as it deems appropriate. Our bylaws provide that our officers may consist of
a Chief Executive Officer, President, Chief Financial Officer, Vice Presidents, Secretary, Assistant Secretaries, Treasurer and such
other offices as may be determined by the board of directors. 

59 

Director Independence 

The NYSE American listing standards require that
a majority of our board of directors be independent. An independent director is defined generally as a person other than
an officer or employee of the company or its subsidiaries or any other individual having a relationship which in the opinion of the company s
board of directors, would interfere with the director s exercise of independent judgment in carrying out the responsibilities of
a director. Of the current members of our board of directors, Messrs. Salvucci Sr., Rojas and Salvucci Jr. are each considered an independent
director under the NYSE American listing standards and applicable SEC rules. Our independent directors will have regularly scheduled
meetings at which only independent directors are present. 

Executive Officer and Director Compensation 

None of our executive officers or directors has received any cash compensation
for services rendered to us, other than Donald W. Orr, as detailed below. 

We currently pay our sponsor 5,000 per month for providing us with
office space, utilities, secretarial and administrative services. We also agreed to pay Sponsor an additional 5,000 per month for such
services, but have agreed with Sponsor to defer payment to Sponsor of such additional accrued amounts until the closing of the Purchase.
However, this arrangement is solely for our benefit and is not intended to provide our officers or directors compensation in lieu of a
salary. Our sponsor, executive officers and directors, or any of their respective affiliates, will be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket
expenses incurred in connection with activities on our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence
on suitable business combinations. There is no limit on the amount of out-of-pocket expenses reimbursable by us; provided, however, that
to the extent such expenses exceed the available proceeds not deposited in the trust account, such expenses would not be reimbursed by
us unless we consummate an initial business combination. Our audit committee will review and approve all reimbursements and payments made
to our sponsor, officers, directors or our or their respective affiliates, with any interested director abstaining from such review and
approval. 

Other than the 5,000 per month, including the deferred payments, administrative
fee for office space, utilities, secretarial and administrative services, and the reimbursement for out-of-pocket expenses, and 5,000
per month paid to Donald W. Orr, no compensation or fees of any kind will be paid to our sponsor, or members of our management team or
their respective affiliates, for services rendered prior to or in connection with the consummation of our initial business combination
(regardless of the type of transaction that it is). 

On December 8, 2021, the Board of Directors of
the Company agreed to compensate the directors of the Company through the issuance of shares of the Company equal in value to 100,000
per director, which shall be payable and issued subject to one year of continued service to the Company commencing after the completion
of the initial business combination (and which shall be pro-rated for any period less than one year of service). 

After the completion of our initial business combination,
directors or members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting, management or other fees from the combined company.
All of these fees will be fully disclosed to stockholders, to the extent then known, in the tender offer materials or proxy solicitation
materials furnished to our stockholders in connection with a proposed business combination. Any compensation to be paid to our executive
officers will be determined by a compensation committee consisting solely of independent directors in accordance with the compensation
committee charter. 

Some or all of our executive officers and directors
may negotiate employment or consulting arrangements to remain with us after the initial business combination. We do not believe that the
ability of our management to remain with us after the consummation of our initial business combination will be a determining factor in
our decision to proceed with any potential business combination. We are not party to any agreements with our executive officers and directors
that provide for benefits upon termination of employment. 

Committees of the Board of Directors 

Our board of directors has three standing committees:
an audit committee, a compensation committee and a nominating and corporate governance committee. Each committee operates under a charter
that has been approved by our board of directors and has the composition and responsibilities described below. The charter of each committee
is available on our website. Our audit committee, compensation committee and nominating and corporate governance committee is composed
solely of independent directors. 

60 

Audit Committee 

We have established an audit committee of the
board of directors. The members of our audit committee are Messrs. Salvucci Sr. and Salvucci Jr., and Mr. Salvucci Jr. serves as
chairman of the audit committee. As a smaller reporting company under the NYSE American listing standards, we are required to have at
least two members on the audit committee. The rules of the NYSE American and Rule 10A-3 of the Exchange Act require that the
audit committee of a listed company be comprised solely of independent directors. Each of Messrs. Salvucci Sr. and Salvucci Jr. qualifies
as an independent director under applicable rules. Each member of the audit committee is financially literate and our board of directors
has determined that Mr. Salvucci Jr. qualifies as an audit committee financial expert as defined in applicable SEC
rules. 

We have adopted an audit committee charter, which
details the principal functions of the audit committee, including: 

the appointment, compensation,
 retention, replacement, and oversight of the work of the independent registered accounting firm and any other independent registered
 public accounting firm engaged by us; 

pre-approving all
 audit and non-audit services to be provided by the independent registered accounting firm or any other registered public accounting
 firm engaged by us, and establishing pre-approval policies and procedures; 

reviewing and discussing
 with the independent registered accounting firm all relationships the auditors have with us in order to evaluate their continued
 independence; 

setting clear hiring policies
 for employees or former employees of the independent registered accounting firm; 

setting clear policies
 for audit partner rotation in compliance with applicable laws and regulations; 

obtaining and reviewing
 a report, at least annually, from the independent registered accounting firm describing (i) the independent registered accounting
 firm s internal quality-control procedures and (ii) any material issues raised by the most recent internal quality-control review,
 or peer review, of the audit firm, or by any inquiry or investigation by governmental or professional authorities, within, the preceding
 five years respecting one or more independent audits carried out by the firm and any steps taken to deal with such issues; 

reviewing and approving
 any related party transaction required to be disclosed pursuant to Item 404 of Regulation S-K promulgated by the SEC prior
 to us entering into such transaction; and 

reviewing with management,
 the independent registered accounting firm, and our legal advisors, as appropriate, any legal, regulatory or compliance matters,
 including any correspondence with regulators or government agencies and any employee complaints or published reports that raise material
 issues regarding our financial statements or accounting policies and any significant changes in accounting standards or rules promulgated
 by the Financial Accounting Standards Board, the SEC or other regulatory authorities. 

Compensation Committee 

We have established a compensation committee
of the board of directors consisting of three members. The members of our Compensation Committee are Messrs. Rojas and Salvucci, Jr.
Mr. Salvucci, Jr. serves as chairman of the compensation committee. Under the NYSE American listing standards and applicable SEC
rules, we are required to have at least two members on the compensation committee, all of whom must be independent. 

We have adopted a compensation committee charter,
which details the principal functions of the compensation committee, including: 

reviewing and approving
 on an annual basis the corporate goals and objectives relevant to our Chief Executive Officer s compensation, evaluating our
 Chief Executive Officer s performance in light of such goals and objectives and determining and approving the remuneration
 (if any) of our Chief Executive Officer based on such evaluation; 

61 

reviewing and approving
 the compensation of all of our other executive officers; 

reviewing our executive
 compensation policies and plans; 

implementing
 and administering our incentive compensation equity-based remuneration plans; 

assisting
 management in complying with our proxy statement and annual report disclosure requirements; 

approving
 all special perquisites, special cash payments and other special compensation and benefit arrangements for our executive officers
 and employees; 

producing
 a report on executive compensation to be included in our annual proxy statement; and 

reviewing,
 evaluating and recommending changes, if appropriate, to the remuneration for directors. 

The charter also provides that the compensation
committee may, in its sole discretion, retain or obtain the advice of a compensation consultant, legal counsel or other adviser and will
be directly responsible for the appointment, compensation and oversight of the work of any such adviser. However, before engaging or
receiving advice from a compensation consultant, external legal counsel or any other adviser, the compensation committee will consider
the independence of each such adviser, including the factors required by the NYSE American and the SEC. 

Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee 

We have established a nominating and corporate
governance committee. The members of our nominating and corporate governance are Messrs. Rojas and Salvucci Jr. Mr. Rojas serves
as chair of the nominating and corporate governance committee. 

The primary purposes of our nominating and corporate
governance committee are to assist the board in: 

identifying,
 screening and reviewing individuals qualified to serve as directors and recommending to the board of directors candidates for nomination
 for election at the annual meeting of stockholders or to fill vacancies on the board of directors; 

developing,
 recommending to the board of directors and overseeing implementation of our corporate governance guidelines; 

coordinating
 and overseeing the annual self-evaluation of the board of directors, its committees, individual directors and management in
 the governance of the company; and 

reviewing
 on a regular basis our overall corporate governance and recommending improvements as and when necessary. 

The nominating and corporate governance committee
is governed by a charter that complies with the rules of the NYSE American. 

Director Nominations 

Our nominating and corporate governance committee
will recommend to the board of directors candidates for nomination for election at the annual meeting of the stockholders. The board
of directors will also consider director candidates recommended for nomination by our stockholders during such times as they are seeking
proposed nominees to stand for election at the next annual meeting of stockholders (or, if applicable, a special meeting of stockholders). 

We have not formally established any specific,
minimum qualifications that must be met or skills that are necessary for directors to possess. In general, in identifying and evaluating
nominees for director, the board of directors considers educational background, diversity of professional experience, knowledge of our
business, integrity, professional reputation, independence, wisdom, and the ability to represent the best interests of our stockholders.
Prior to our initial business combination, holders of our public shares will not have the right to recommend director candidates for
nomination to our board of directors. 

62 

Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation 

None of our executive officers currently serves,
and in the past year has not served, as a member of the board of directors or compensation committee of any entity that has one or more
executive officers serving on our board of directors, except that Donald W. Orr, our President and Board member, serves on the Board
of Directors of Houston Natural Resources, Inc., an entity of which Donald H. Goree, our Chairman of the Board, serves as Chief Executive
Officer. 

Code of Ethics 

We have adopted a Code of Ethics applicable to
our directors, officers and employees. The Code of Ethics and the charter of each committee is available on our website. In addition,
a copy of the Code of Ethics will be provided without charge upon request from us. We intend to disclose any amendments to or waivers
of certain provisions of our Code of Ethics in a Current Report on Form 8-K. See Where You Can Find Additional Information . 

Conflicts of Interest 

Each of our officers and directors presently has,
and any of them in the future may have additional, fiduciary or contractual obligations to another entity pursuant to which such officer
or director is or will be required to present a business combination opportunity to such entity. Accordingly, if any of our officers or
directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity which is suitable for an entity to which he or she has then-current fiduciary
or contractual obligations, he or she will honor these fiduciary obligations under applicable law. We do not believe, however, that the
fiduciary duties or contractual obligations of our officers or directors will materially affect our ability to complete our business combination.
Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that we renounce our interest in any corporate opportunity offered to any
director or officer unless such opportunity is expressly offered to such person solely in his or her capacity as a director or officer
of our company and such opportunity is one we are legally and contractually permitted to undertake and would otherwise be reasonable for
us to pursue. 

Potential investors should also be aware of the
following other potential conflicts of interest: 

None of
 our officers or directors is required to commit his or her full time to our affairs and, accordingly, may have conflicts of interest
 in allocating his or her time among various business activities. 

In the
 course of their other business activities, our officers and directors may become aware of investment and business opportunities which
 may be appropriate for presentation to us as well as the other entities with which they are affiliated. Our management may have conflicts
 of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented. For a complete description of our
 management s other affiliations, see Directors and Executive Officers . 

Our sponsor
 and its permitted transferees each has entered into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which each has agreed to waive (i) its
 redemption rights with respect to all shares of our common stock then owned by it in connection with the completion of our initial
 business combination and (ii) its rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to its founder shares
 and, solely with respect to the sponsor, the private placement shares, if we fail to complete our initial business combination within
 15 months (or within 18 months if we further extend the period of time to consummate a business combination) from February
 15, 2022 (although its will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to any public shares it
 holds if we fail to complete our business combination within the prescribed time frame). If we do not complete our initial business
 combination within the allotted time period, the proceeds of the sale of the private placement units will be used to fund the redemption
 of our public shares, and the private placement units (and their constituent securities) will expire worthless. Except for transfers
 to permitted transferees, the founder shares will not be transferable, assignable or salable by our sponsor until the earlier of
 (i) 180 days following the completion of our initial business combination or earlier if, subsequent to our initial business combination,
 the last sale price of our common stock equals or exceeds 12.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations,
 recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 90 days after our
 initial business combination and (ii) the date on which we complete a liquidation, merger, stock exchange or other similar transaction
 after our initial business combination that results in all of our public stockholders having the right to exchange their shares of
 common stock for cash, securities or other property. The private placement units (and their constituent securities) cannot be transferred
 except to certain permitted transferees until 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination. Given these characteristics
 of certain of our securities held by our sponsor, our sponsor may have a conflict of interest with respect to whether a particular
 target business is an appropriate business with which to effectuate our initial business combination. 

Our officers
 and directors may have a conflict of interest with respect to evaluating a particular business combination if the retention or resignation
 of any such officers and directors was included by a target business as a condition to any agreement with respect to our initial
 business combination. 

Our sponsor, officers or directors may have a conflict of interest with respect to evaluating a business combination and financing arrangements as we may obtain loans in the form of promissory notes from our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor or any of our officers or directors to finance transaction costs in connection with an intended initial business combination. 

63 

The conflicts described above may not be resolved
in our favor. 

In general, officers and directors of a corporation
incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware are required to present business opportunities to a corporation if: 

the corporation
 could financially undertake the opportunity; 

the opportunity
 is within the corporation s line of business; and 

it would
 not be fair to the corporation and its stockholders for the opportunity not to be brought to the attention of the corporation. 

Accordingly, as a result of multiple business
affiliations, our officers and directors may have similar legal obligations relating to presenting business opportunities meeting the
above-listed criteria to multiple entities. Furthermore, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that the
doctrine of corporate opportunity will not apply with respect to any of our officers or directors in circumstances where the application
of the doctrine would conflict with any fiduciary duties or contractual obligations they may have. We do not believe that these contractual
obligations will materially affect our ability to complete our business combination. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation
will provide that we renounce our interest in any corporate opportunity offered to any director or officer unless such opportunity is
expressly offered to such person solely in his or her capacity as a director or officer of our company and such opportunity is one we
are legally and contractually permitted to undertake and would otherwise be reasonable for us to pursue. 

We are not prohibited from pursuing an initial
business combination with a company that is affiliated with our sponsor, officers or directors. In the event we seek to complete our
initial business combination with such a company, we, or a committee of independent directors, would obtain an opinion from an independent
investment banking firm or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions that such an initial business combination
is fair to our company from a financial point of view. We will also provide a summary of any such opinion or report to shareholders in
connection with any vote on an initial business combination in our proxy materials or tender offer documents, as applicable, related
to our initial business combination in accordance with Section 1015(b) of Regulation S-K. 

In the event that we submit our initial business
combination to our public stockholders for a vote, our sponsor has agreed to vote all shares of our common stock having voting rights
that it then owns in favor of our initial business combination. 

Limitation on Liability and Indemnification of Officers and Directors 

Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation
will provide that our officers and directors will be indemnified by us to the fullest extent authorized by Delaware law, as it now exists
or may in the future be amended. In addition, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will provide that our directors will
not be personally liable for monetary damages to us for breaches of their fiduciary duty as directors, except to the extent such exemption
from liability or limitation thereof is not permitted by the DGCL. 

We will enter into agreements with our officers
and directors to provide contractual indemnification in addition to the indemnification provided for in our amended and restated certificate
of incorporation. Our bylaws also permit us to maintain insurance on behalf of any officer, director or employee for any liability arising
out of his or her actions, regardless of whether Delaware law would permit such indemnification. We will obtain a policy of directors 
and officers liability insurance that insures our officers and directors against the cost of defense, settlement or payment of
a judgment in some circumstances and insures us against our obligations to indemnify our officers and directors. 

These provisions may discourage stockholders
from bringing a lawsuit against our directors for breach of their fiduciary duty. These provisions also may have the effect of reducing
the likelihood of derivative litigation against officers and directors, even though such an action, if successful, might otherwise benefit
us and our stockholders. Furthermore, a stockholder s investment may be adversely affected to the extent we pay the costs of settlement
and damage awards against officers and directors pursuant to these indemnification provisions. 

We believe that these provisions, the directors 
and officers liability insurance and the indemnification agreements are necessary to attract and retain talented and experienced
officers and directors. 

64 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

Officer and Director Compensation 

We currently pay our sponsor 5,000 per month
for providing us with office space, utilities, secretarial and administrative services. We ve also agreed to pay Sponsor an additional
 5,000 per month for such services, but have agreed with Sponsor to defer payment to Sponsor of such additional accrued amounts until
the closing of the Purchase. However, this arrangement is solely for our benefit and is not intended to provide our officers or directors
compensation in lieu of a salary. Our sponsor, executive officers and directors, or any of their respective affiliates, will be reimbursed
for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities on our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and
performing due diligence on suitable business combinations. There is no limit on the amount of out-of-pocket expenses reimbursable by
us; provided, however, that to the extent such expenses exceed the available proceeds not deposited in the trust account, such expenses
would not be reimbursed by us unless we consummate an initial business combination. Our audit committee will review and approve all reimbursements
and payments made to our sponsor, officers, directors or our or their respective affiliates, with any interested director abstaining from
such review and approval. 

Other than the 5,000 per month, including the
deferred payments, administrative fee for office space, utilities, secretarial and administrative services, and the reimbursement for
out-of-pocket expenses, and 5,000 per month paid to Donald W. Orr, no compensation or fees of any kind will be paid to our sponsor, or
members of our management team or their respective affiliates, for services rendered prior to or in connection with the consummation of
our initial business combination (regardless of the type of transaction that it is). 

On December 8, 2021, the Board of Directors of the Company agreed to
compensate the directors of the Company through the issuance of shares of the Company equal in value to 100,000 per director, which shall
be payable and issued subject to one year of continued service to the Company commencing after the completion of the initial business
combination (and which shall be pro-rated for any period less than one year of service). 

Our sponsor, executive officers and directors,
or any of their respective affiliates, will be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities
on our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable business combinations. Our audit
committee will review and approve all reimbursements and payments made to our sponsor, officers, directors or our or their respective
affiliates, with any interested director abstaining from such review and approval. There is no cap or ceiling on the reimbursement of
out-of-pocket expenses incurred by such persons in connection with activities on our behalf; provided, however, that to the extent
such expenses exceed the available proceeds not deposited in the trust account, such expenses would not be reimbursed by us unless we
consummate an initial business combination. 

After the completion of our initial business combination,
directors or members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting, management or other fees from the combined company.
All of these fees will be fully disclosed to stockholders, to the extent then known, in the tender offer materials or proxy solicitation
materials furnished to our stockholders in connection with a proposed business combination. Any compensation to be paid to our executive
officers will be determined by a compensation committee constituted solely by independent directors in accordance with the compensation
committee charter. 

Some or all of our executive officers and directors
may negotiate employment or consulting arrangements to remain with us after the initial business combination. We do not believe that the
ability of our management to remain with us after the consummation of our initial business combination will be a determining factor in
our decision to proceed with any potential business combination. We are not party to any agreements with our executive officers and directors
that provide for benefits upon termination of employment. 

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL
OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

The following table sets forth information regarding
the beneficial ownership of our common stock as of the date of this report, by: 

each person
 known by us to be the beneficial owner of more than 5 of our outstanding shares of common stock; 

each of
 our executive officers and directors; and 

all our
 executive officers and directors as a group. 

65 

Unless otherwise indicated, we believe that all
persons named in the table have sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares of common stock beneficially owned by them.
The following table does not reflect record or beneficial ownership of the private placement units (and their constituent securities)
as these securities are not exercisable within 60 days of the date of this report. 

Name and Address of Beneficial Owner (1) 
 Number of Shares Beneficially Owned (2) 
 Approximate Percentage of Outstanding Common Stock (3) 
 
 HNRAC Sponsors LLC 
 122,656 
 1.05 
 
 Donald H. Goree (7) 
 367,969 
 3.16 
 
 Donald W. Orr (4) 

Joseph V. Salvucci, Sr. 

Diego Rojas 

Joseph V. Salvucci, Jr. (5) 

All directors and executive officers as a group (5 individuals) 
 367,969 
 3.16 
 
 JVS Alpha Property, LLC (6) 
 940,000 
 8.08 

(1) 
 Unless otherwise noted,
 the business address of each of the following entities or individuals is 3730 Kirby Drive, Suite 1200, Houston, Texas 77098. 

(2) 
 Consists solely of founder
 shares. 

(3) 
 Based on 11,631,250 shares
 of common stock outstanding. 

(4) 
 Mr. Orr, as Manager
 of HNRAC Sponsors LLC, has voting and dispositive control over the securities held by such entity, however he disclaims any beneficial
 ownership of such shares. 

(5) 
 Mr. Salvucci Jr. has
 sole voting and dispositive control over the securities held by JVS Alpha Property, LLC, however he disclaims any beneficial ownership
 of such shares. 

(6) 
 JVS Alpha Property, LLC s
 Manager is Joseph V. Salvucci, Jr., who has voting and dispositive control over the shares held by such entity. 

(7) 
 
 Mr. Goree has sole voting and dispositive
control over the securities held by Rhone Merchant House Ltd, which was transferred 367,969 private placement shares and warrants by
Sponsor in a permitted transfer subsequent to the Initial Public Offering. 

Changes in Control 

None. 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR
INDEPENDENCE 

On December 24, 2020, our sponsor purchased
2,875,000 founder shares for an aggregate purchase price of 25,000, up to 375,000 founder shares of which were subject to forfeiture.
On February 4, 2022, our sponsor forfeited 373,750 founder shares and as a result, there are currently 2,501,250 founder shares
issued and outstanding. The purchase price of the founder shares was determined by dividing the amount of cash contributed to the company
by the number of founder shares issued. Our sponsor has agreed not transfer any of its ownership interest in the founder shares (except
to certain permitted transferees) until the earlier of (i) 180 days following of the completion of our initial business combination or
earlier if, subsequent to our initial business combination, the last sale price of our common stock equals or exceeds 12.00 per share
(as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day
period commencing at least 90 days after our initial business combination and (ii) the date on which we complete a liquidation,
merger, stock exchange or other similar transaction after our initial business combination that results in all of our public stockholders
having the right to exchange their shares of common stock for cash, securities or other property. 

Our sponsor has purchased from us an aggregate
of 505,000 private placement units at a price of 10.00 per unit 5,050,000 in the aggregate) in a private placement that closed simultaneously
with the closing of our Initial Public Offering. The common stock and warrants which were components of the private placement units cannot
be transferred except to certain permitted transferees until 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination. Such permitted
transferees include our executive officers and directors and other persons or entities affiliated with or related to them. Any permitted
transferees receiving such securities will be subject to the same agreements with respect to such securities as our sponsor. If the private
placement warrants are held by holders other than our sponsor or any of its permitted transferees, such warrants will be redeemable by
us and exercisable by the holders on the same basis as the warrants included in the units being sold in our Initial Public Offering. 

66 

As more fully discussed in Management 
Conflicts of Interest , if any of our officers or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity that falls
within the line of business of any entity to which he or she has then-current fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she may
be required to present such business combination opportunity to such entity prior to presenting such business combination opportunity
to us. Our executive officers and directors currently have certain relevant fiduciary duties or contractual obligations that may take
priority over their duties to us. 

On December 8, 2021, the Board of Directors of
the Company agreed to compensate the directors of the Company through the issuance of shares of the Company equal in value to 100,000
per director, which shall be payable and issued subject to one year of continued service to the Company commencing after the completion
of the initial business combination (and which shall be pro-rated for any period less than one year of service). 

Through December 31, 2021, a shareholder of our
sponsor funded certain offering costs, totaling 88,200. The amount owed to our sponsor is unsecured, due on demand and non-interest bearing.
In February 2022, the Company repaid the 88,200 in short term advances from a shareholder of the Sponsor, and paid an additional 190,202
for expenses the individual incurred related to services provided by our sponsor. 

We entered into an Administrative Services Agreement
pursuant to which we will pay our sponsor 10,000 per month for up to 12 months from February 10, 2022 for office space, utilities,
secretarial and administrative services. None of the 10,000 per month payment will be received by our officers or directors or their
affiliates (other than our sponsor). In the event the consummation of our initial business combination takes the maximum 18 months,
our sponsor will be paid a total of 180,000 10,000 per month) for office space, utilities, secretarial and administrative services,
and will be entitled to be reimbursed for out-of-pocket expenses relating to certain activities it conducts on our behalf, as discussed
below. 

Effective April 11, 2022, the Company entered
into an agreement with Rhone Merchant Resources Inc. (formerly known as Houston Natural Resources Inc.), a Company controlled by our
Chairman and CEO, for services related to identifying potential business combination targets. The Company paid 275,000 up front related
to this agreement in February 2022. 

On May 1, 2022, and effective April 6, 2022, the
Company entered into a consulting agreement in the ordinary course of business with a stockholder who owns 400,000 non-redeemable
common shares, whereby any business acquisition that the Company closes through referral by the consultant will entitle the consultant
to a finders fee. During year ended December 31, 2022, the Company also paid this stockholder 61,000 related to costs of capital
associated with the Company s IPO and 30,260 of acquisition related costs. During the year ended December 31, 2022, this stockholder
paid expenses of 29,000 on behalf of the Company. These expenses and an additional 27,000 paid subsequent to December 31, 2022 were
restructured into a promissory note and warrant purchase agreement with the consultant in January 2023. 

During the year ended December 31, 2022, the
Company incurred and paid 15,000 to a company controlled by a member of the Board of Directors of the Company for due diligence
costs of potential targets. 

Our sponsor, executive officers and directors,
or any of their respective affiliates, will be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities
on our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable business combinations. Our audit
committee will review and approve all reimbursements and payments made to our sponsor, officers, directors or our or their respective
affiliates, with any interested director abstaining from such review and approval. There is no cap or ceiling on the reimbursement of
out-of-pocket expenses incurred by such persons in connection with activities on our behalf; provided, however, that to the extent
such expenses exceed the available proceeds not deposited in the trust account, such expenses would not be reimbursed by us unless we
consummate an initial business combination. 

In order to meet our working capital needs following
the consummation of our Initial Public Offering if the funds available to us are insufficient, our sponsor or its affiliates may, but
are not obligated to, loan or advance to us funds, from time to time or at any time, in whatever amount they deem reasonable in their
sole discretion. If we complete our initial business combination, we would repay or reimburse, as applicable, such loaned or advanced
amounts out of the proceeds of the trust account released to us. In the event that the initial business combination does not close, we
may use a portion of the working capital held outside the trust account to repay or reimburse, as applicable, such loaned or advanced
amounts, but no other proceeds from our trust account would be used for such repayment or reimbursement. The terms of such loans or advances
by our sponsor or its affiliates, if any, have not been determined and no written agreements exist with respect to such loans or advances. 

In
December 2022, the Company received 100,000 in cash proceeds from a member of the Board of Directors on an unsecured, non-interest bearing
basis. This amount was included in Due to related parties on the Company s balance sheet as of December 31, 2022.
 In January 2023, the Company received an additional 300,000 in cash proceeds
and entered into a note and warrant purchase agreement. 

67 

After our initial business combination, members
of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting, management or other fees from the combined company with any and all
amounts being fully disclosed to our stockholders, to the extent then known, in the tender offer or proxy solicitation materials, as applicable,
furnished to our stockholders. 

We have entered into one or more registration
rights agreements with respect to the founder shares, the private placement shares and warrants, and any warrants issued upon conversion
of working capital loans (if any). 

Policy for Approval of Related Party Transactions 

Our audit committee must review and approve any
related person transaction we propose to enter into. Our audit committee charter details the policies and procedures relating to transactions
that may present actual, potential or perceived conflicts of interest and may raise questions as to whether such transactions are consistent
with the best interest of our company and our stockholders. A summary of such policies and procedures is set forth below. 

Any potential related party transaction that
is brought to the audit committee s attention will be analyzed by the audit committee, in consultation with outside counsel or
members of management, as appropriate, to determine whether the transaction or relationship does, in fact, constitute a related party
transaction. At its meetings, the audit committee will be provided with the details of each new, existing or proposed related party transaction,
including the terms of the transaction, the business purpose of the transaction and the benefits to us and to the relevant related party.

In determining whether to approve a related party
transaction, the audit committee must consider, among other factors, the following factors to the extent relevant: 

whether the terms of the
 transaction are fair to us and on the same basis as would apply if the transaction did not involve a related party; 

whether there are business
 reasons for us to enter into the transaction; 

whether the transaction
 would impair the independence of an outside director; 

whether the transaction
 would present an improper conflict of interest for any director or executive officer; and 

any pre-existing contractual
 obligations. 

Any member of the audit committee who has an
interest in the transaction under discussion must abstain from any voting regarding the transaction, but may, if so requested by the
chairman of the audit committee, participate in some or all of the audit committee s discussions of the transaction. Upon completion
of its review of the transaction, the audit committee may determine to permit or to prohibit the transaction. 

68 

Our sponsor, officers and directors are deemed
to be our promoter as such term is defined under the federal securities laws. 

To further minimize conflicts of interest, we have agreed not to consummate
an initial business combination with an entity that is affiliated with any of our sponsor, officers or directors unless we, or a committee
of independent directors, have obtained an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or another independent entity that commonly
renders valuation opinions that our initial business combination is fair to our company and our stockholders from a financial point of
view. No finder s fees, reimbursements, consulting fee, monies in respect of any payment of a loan or other compensation will be
paid by us to our sponsor, officers or directors, or any affiliate of our sponsor or officers, for services rendered to us prior to,
or in connection with any services rendered in order to effectuate, the consummation of our initial business combination (regardless
of the type of transaction that it is). However, the following payments have been or will be made to our sponsor, officers or directors,
or our or their affiliates, none of which will be made from the proceeds of our Initial Public Offering held in the trust account prior
to the completion of our initial business combination: 

Repayment of up to an aggregate
 of 88,200 in loans made to us by our sponsor to cover offering related and organizational expenses; 

Payment to an affiliate
 of our sponsor of 10,000 per month, for up to 18 months, for office space, utilities and secretarial and administrative support; 

Reimbursement for any out-of-pocket
 expenses related to identifying, investigating and completing an initial business combination; and 

Repayment of loans which
 may be made by our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor or certain of our officers and directors to finance transaction costs in
 connection with an intended initial business combination, the terms of which have not been determined nor have any written agreements
 been executed with respect thereto. Up to 1,000,000 of such loans may be convertible into warrants, at a price of 1.00 per warrant
 at the option of the lender. 

Our audit committee reviews on a quarterly basis
all payments that were made to our sponsor, officers or directors, or our or their affiliates. 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 

The following is a summary of fees paid or to
be paid to Marcum LLP, or Marcum, and MaloneBailey, LLP, or MaloneBailey, for services rendered. 

Audit Fees. Audit fees consist of fees billed
for professional services rendered for the audit of our year-end financial statements and services that are normally provided by Marcum
and previously provided by MaloneBailey in connection with regulatory filings. The aggregate fees to be billed by Marcum for professional
services rendered for the audit of our annual financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2021 were 37,000, and Marcum billed
the Company for 86,797 in fees related to the audit of our annual financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2022 and interim
review of our financial statements. The aggregate fees billed by MaloneBailey for professional services rendered for the review of the
financial information for the respective periods and other required filings with the SEC for the year ended December 31, 2021, totaled
 42,500. The above amounts include interim procedures and audit fees. 

Audit-Related Fees. Audit-related services consist
of fees billed for assurance and related services that are reasonably related to performance of the audit or review of our financial
statements and are not reported under Audit Fees. These services include attest services that are not required by statute
or regulation and consultations concerning financial accounting and reporting standards. We did not pay Marcum or MaloneBailey for consultations
concerning financial accounting and reporting standards for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Tax Fees. We paid no fees to Marcum or MaloneBailey
for tax planning and tax advice for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

All Other Fees. We incurred 18,540 in other fees
for services from Marcum during the year ended December 31, 2022. We did not pay MaloneyBailey for other services for the years ended
December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Pre-Approval Policy 

Our audit committee was formed upon the consummation
of our Initial Public Offering. As a result, the audit committee did not pre-approve all of the foregoing services, although any services
rendered prior to the formation of our audit committee were approved by our board of directors. Since the formation of our audit committee,
and on a going-forward basis, the audit committee has and will pre-approve all auditing services and permitted non-audit services to
be performed for us by our auditors, including the fees and terms thereof (subject to the de minimis exceptions for non-audit services
described in the Exchange Act which are approved by the audit committee prior to the completion of the audit). 

69 

PART IV 

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SCHEDULES 

(a) 
 The following documents
 are filed as part of this Report: 

(1) 
 Financial Statements: 

Page 
 
 Report
 of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID#688) 
 F-2 
 
 Balance
 Sheets 
 F-3 
 
 Statements
 of Operations 
 F-4 
 
 Statements
 of Changes in Stockholders Equity 
 F-5 
 
 Statements
 of Cash Flows 
 F-6 
 
 Notes
 to Financial Statements 
 F-7 

(2) 
 Financial Statement Schedules: 

None. 

(3) 
 Exhibits 

We hereby file as part of this Report the exhibits
listed in the attached Exhibit Index. Exhibits which are incorporated herein by reference can be inspected and copied at the public reference
facilities maintained by the SEC, 100 F Street, N.E., Room 1580, Washington, D.C. 20549. Copies of such material can also be obtained
from the Public Reference Section of the SEC, 100 F Street, N.E., Washington, D.C. 20549, at prescribed rates or on the SEC website at
www.sec.gov. 

Exhibit No. 
 
 Description 
 
 2.1 
 
 Membership
 Interest Purchase Agreement, dated as of December 27, 2022, by and among the Company, Sponsor and Seller (incorporated by reference
 to Exhibit 2.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K as filed by the Registrant on January 3, 2023) 
 
 3.1 
 
 Certificate
 of Incorporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K filed by the Registrant on April 15,
 2022). 
 
 3.2 
 
 Amended
 and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K filed by the
 Registrant on April 15, 2022). 
 
 3.3 
 
 Amended
 and Restated Bylaws (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.3 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K filed by the Registrant on April
 15, 2022). 
 
 4.1 
 
 Warrant
 Agreement between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company and the Registrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to
 the Annual Report on Form 10-K filed by the Registrant on April 15, 2022). 
 
 4.2 
 
 Description
 of Registrant s Securities (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K filed by the Registrant
 on April 15, 2022). 
 
 10.1 
 
 Insider
 Letter between the Registrant and each of its executive officers, directors, HNRAC Sponsors LLC and its permitted transferees (incorporated
 by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K filed by the Registrant on April 15, 2022). 
 
 10.2 
 
 Investment
 Management Trust Agreement between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company and the Registrant (incorporated by reference to
 Exhibit 10.2 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K filed by the Registrant on April 15, 2022). 
 
 10.3 
 
 Registration
 Rights Agreement between the Registrant and certain security holders (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Annual Report
 on Form 10-K filed by the Registrant on April 15, 2022). 
 
 10.4 
 
 Securities
 Subscription Agreement (founder shares), dated December 24, 2020, between the Registrant and HNRAC Sponsors LLC (incorporated by
 reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K filed by the Registrant on April 15, 2022). 
 
 10.5 
 
 Unit
 Subscription Agreement between the Registrant and HNRAC Sponsors LLC (private placement units) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit
 10.5 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K filed by the Registrant on April 15, 2022). 
 
 10.7 
 
 Administrative
 Services Agreement by and between the Registrant and HNRAC Sponsors LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the Annual
 Report on Form 10-K filed by the Registrant on April 15, 2022). 
 
 10.8 
 
 Services
 Agreement, dated April 11, 2022, by and between Registrant and Houston Natural Resources, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit
 10.8 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K filed by the Registrant on April 15, 2022). 
 
 10.9 
 
 Form
 of SPAC Stockholder Support Agreement, dated as of December 27, 2022, by and between the Company and SPAC Stockholder (incorporated
 by reference to Exhibit 10.1 on the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K as filed with the SEC on January 3, 2023) 
 
 10.10 
 
 Form
 of Promissory Note, by and between the Company and Seller (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 on the Registrant s Current
 Report on Form 8-K as filed with the SEC on January 3, 2023) 
 
 10.11 
 
 Form
 of Registration Rights Agreement, by and between the Company and Seller (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 on the Registrant s
 Current Report on Form 8-K as filed with the SEC on January 3, 2023) 
 
 10.12 
 
 Common
 Stock Purchase Agreement, dated as of October 17, 2022, by and between HNR Acquisition Corp and White Lion Capital LLC (incorporated
 by reference to Exhibit 10.1 on the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K as filed with the SEC on October 21, 2023) 
 
 10.13 
 
 Registration
 Rights Agreement, dated as of October 17, 2022, by and between HNR Acquisition Corp and White Lion Capital LLC (incorporated by reference
 to Exhibit 10.2 on the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K as filed with the SEC on October 21, 2023). 
 
 16.1 
 
 Auditor Letter (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 16.1 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K filed by the Registrant on April 15, 2022). 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification
 of Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification
 of Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to
 Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document. 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension
 Schema Document. 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension
 Calculation Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension
 Definition Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension
 Label Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension
 Presentation Linkbase Document. 
 
 104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data
 File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 

Filed herewith. 

ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 

Not applicable. 

70 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13
or 15(d) of the Securities Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this Form 10-K to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned,
thereunto duly authorized. 

March 31, 2023 

HNR ACQUISITION CORP 

/ s /
 Donald H. Goree 

Name: 
 Donald H. Goree 

Title: 
 Chief Executive Officer 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, this Report on Form 10-K has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the
capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Name 
 
 Position 
 
 Date 

/s/ Donald H. Goree 
 
 Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Director 
 
 March 31, 2023 
 
 Donald H. Goree 
 
 Principal Executive, Financial and Accounting Officer) 

/s/ Donald Orr 
 
 President and Director 
 
 March 31, 2023 
 
 Donald Orr 

/s/ Diego Rojas 
 
 Director 
 
 March 31, 2023 
 
 Diego Rojas 

/s/ Joseph V. Salvucci, Jr. 
 
 Director 
 
 March 31, 2023 
 
 Joseph V. Salvucci, Jr. 

/s/ Joseph V. Salvucci, Sr. 
 
 Director 
 
 March 31, 2023 
 
 Joseph V. Salvucci, Sr. 

71 

HNR
ACQUISITION CORP 

INDEX
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID# F-2 Financial Statements: Balance Sheets F-3 Statements of Operations F-4 Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity F-5 Statements of Cash Flows F-6 Notes to Financial Statements F-7 

F- 1 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To
the Shareholders and Board of Directors of 

HNR
Acquisition Corp 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying balance sheet s 
of HNR Acquisition Corp (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related statements of operations, stockholders 
(deficit) equity and cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes collectively referred
to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the
financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the
two years in the period ended December 31, 2022 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Explanatory Paragraph Going Concern

The accompanying financial statements have been
prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As more fully described in Note 1, the Company s business plan
is dependent on the completion of a business combination. If the Company is unable to complete a business combination, a mandatory liquidation
and subsequent dissolution will occur. The Company has a significant working capital deficiency as of December 31, 2022, has incurred
significant losses and needs to raise additional funds to meet its obligations and sustain its operations. These conditions raise substantial
doubt about the Company's ability to continue as a going concern. Management's plans in regard to these matters are also described in
Note 1. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements based on our audit s .
We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) ("PCAOB") and
are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules
and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audit s in accordance with
the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit s to obtain reasonable assurance about whether
the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were
we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audit s we are required to obtain
an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of
the Company's internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material
misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures
included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audit [s] also
included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation
of the financial statements. We believe that our audit s provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s/
Marcum llp 

We
have served as the Company s auditor since 2022. 

March 31, 2023 

F- 2 

HNR
ACQUISITION CORP 

BALANCE
SHEETS 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 
 
 ASSETS 

Cash 

Prepaid expenses 
 
 -

Deferred offering costs 
 -

Total current assets 

Marketable securities held in Trust Account 
 
 -

Total assets 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS (DEFICIT) EQUITY 

Current liabilities 

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 

Income tax payable 
 
 -

Franchise tax payable 
 
 -

Advances from related party 

Total current liabilities 

Deferred underwriting fee payable 
 
 -

Total liabilities 

Commitments and Contingencies (Note 6) 

Redeemable Common Stock 

Redeemable Common Stock, par value; shares outstanding subject to redemption at per share as of December 31, 2022 and outstanding as of December 31, 2021 
 
 -

Stockholders (deficit) equity 

Preferred stock, par value; authorized shares, shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022; None outstanding at December 31, 2021 
 -
 
 -

Common stock, par value; authorized shares, and shares issued and outstanding (excluding 8,625,000 and 0 shares subject to redemption) at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

Additional paid-in capital 
 -

Accumulated deficit 

Total stockholders (deficit) equity 

Total redeemable common stock, liabilities and stockholders (deficit) equity 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

F- 3 

HNR
ACQUISITION CORP 

STATEMENTS
OF OPERATIONS 

For
the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

Expenses: 

Formation and operating costs 

Franchise taxes 
 
 -

Loss from operations 

Other income 

Interest income 
 
 -

Interest income on marketable securities held in Trust Account 
 
 -

Total other income 
 
 -

Loss before income taxes 

Income tax provision 
 
 -

Net Loss 

Weighted average shares outstanding, redeemable common stock - basic and diluted

-

Net income (loss) per share of common stock basic and diluted

- 

Weighted average shares outstanding, non-redeemable common stock - basic and diluted (1) 

Net income (loss) per share of common stock basic and diluted

(1) 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

F- 4 

HNR
ACQUISITION CORP 

STATEMENTS
OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS (DEFICIT) EQUITY 

For
the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Additional 
 
 Total 

Common Stock 
 Paid-In 
 Accumulated 
 Stockholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 (Deficit) Equity 

Balance December 31, 2021 

-

Capital contribution by Sponsor 
 - 
 -

-

Net loss 
 - 
 -
 
 -

Balance December 31, 2021 

Forfeiture of shares by Sponsor 

-
 
 -

Issuance of Private Placement Units 

-

Fair value of public warrants 
 - 
 -

-

Offering costs allocated to public warrants 
 - 
 -

-

Remeasurement of redeemable common stock to redemption value 
 - 
 -

Net loss 
 - 
 -
 
 -

Balance December 31, 2022 

-

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

F- 5 

HNR
ACQUISITION CORP 

STATEMENTS
OF CASH FLOWS 

For
the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 
 
 Cash flows from operating activities: 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Interest income on marketable securities held in Trust Account 
 
 -

Changes in operating assets and liabilities 

Prepaid expenses 
 
 -

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 

Accounts payable related parties 

Income tax payable 

Franchise tax payable 
 
 -

Net cash used in operating activities 

Cash flows from investing activities: 

Marketable securities held in Trust Account 
 
 -

Net cash used in investing activities 
 
 -

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Proceeds from Initial Public Offering, net of costs of capital 
 
 -

Proceeds from Private Placement, net of costs of capital 
 
 -

Capital contributions from Sponsor 
 -

Payment of deferred offering costs 

Proceeds received from related party 

Repayment of advances from related party 
 
 -

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Net increase in cash 

Cash at beginning of period 

Cash at end of period 

Supplemental disclosure of non-cash investing and financing activities: 

Deferred offering costs included in accounts payable and accrued liabilities 
 -

Deferred offering costs paid directly by related party 
 -

Remeasurement of redemption value of redeemable common stock 
 
 -

Deferred underwriting fee payable 
 
 -

Expenses paid by related party 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

F- 6 

HNR
ACQUISITION CORP. 
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

units (the Units and, with respect to the common stock
included in the Units sold, the Public Shares ), at per Unit, generating proceeds of , which is described
in Note 3. Additionally, the underwriter fully exercised its option to purchase additional Units, for which the Company received
cash proceeds of . Simultaneously with the closing of the IPO, the Company consummated the sale of units (the Private
Placement Units at a price of per unit generating proceeds of in a private placement to HNRAC Sponsors, LLC,
the Company s sponsor (the Sponsor and EF Hutton (formerly Kingswood Capital Markets) EF Hutton that is described in Note 4 Related Party Transactions - Private Placement Units ). The Company s management has
broad discretion with respect to the specific application of the net proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and the Private Placement
Units, although substantially all of the net proceeds are intended to be generally applied toward consummating the Business Combination. 

, comprised of of underwriting discount, of deferred underwriting fee, and 
of other offering costs. In addition, of cash from the IPO was held outside of the Trust Account (as defined below) and is
available for working capital purposes. 

of its public shares if it does not complete its initial business combination within 15 months (or within 18 months if we further extend
the period of time to consummate a business combination, as described in more detail in the prospectus) from the closing of the Initial
Public Offering (the Combination Period or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to stockholders 
rights or pre-business combination activity; or (iii) the redemption of of the shares of common stock previously included in
the Units sold in the Initial Public Offering if the Company is unable to complete a Business Combination within 15 months from
the closing of the Initial Public Offering (subject to the requirements of law). 

F- 7 

of the value of the assets held in the trust account
(excluding taxes payable on the interest earned on the trust account) at the time of the signing of a definitive agreement in connection
with the Business Combination. Furthermore, there is no assurance that the Company will be able to successfully effect a Business Combination. 

upon consummation of the Business Combination. In such case, the Company would not proceed with the redemption of its
public shares of common stock and the related Business Combination, and instead may search for an alternate Business Combination. 

of such net interest
to pay dissolution expenses); and (iii) as promptly as possible following such redemption, dissolve and liquidate the balance of
the Company s net assets to its remaining stockholders, as part of its plan of dissolution and liquidation. The initial stockholders
have entered into a letter agreement with the Company, pursuant to which they have waived their right to participate in any redemption
with respect to their initial shares; however, if the initial stockholders or any of the Company s officers, directors or affiliates
acquire shares of common stock in or after the Initial Public Offering, they will be entitled to a pro rata share of the Trust Account,
with respect to such public shares, upon the Company s redemption or liquidation in the event the Company does not complete a Business
Combination within the required time period. 

F- 8 

per public
share or (ii) such lesser amount per public share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account,
due to reductions in value of the trust assets, in each case net of the amount of interest which may be withdrawn to pay taxes, except
as to any claims by a third party who executed a waiver of any and all rights to seek access to the trust account and except as to any
claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of this offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities
Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ). Moreover, in the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be
unenforceable against a third party, the Sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third-party claims.
The Company will seek to have all third parties, including, but not limited to, all vendors, service providers (excluding its independent
registered public accounting firm), prospective target businesses and other entities with which the Company does business execute agreements
with the Company waiving any right, title, interest or claims of any kind in or to any monies held in the Trust Account for the benefit
of the Public Stockholders. 

excise tax on certain repurchases (including redemptions) of stock by publicly traded U.S.
domestic corporations and certain U.S. domestic subsidiaries of publicly traded foreign corporations occurring on or after January 1,
2023. The excise tax is imposed on the repurchasing corporation itself, not its shareholders from which shares are repurchased. The amount
of the excise tax is generally of the fair market value of the shares repurchased at the time of the repurchase. However, for purposes
of calculating the excise tax, repurchasing corporations are permitted to net the fair market value of certain new stock issuances against
the fair market value of stock repurchases during the same taxable year. In addition, certain exceptions apply to the excise tax. The
U.S. Department of the Treasury (the Treasury has been given authority to provide regulations and other guidance to carry
out and prevent the abuse or avoidance of the excise tax. 

F- 9 

in cash and a working capital deficit of . The Company has incurred and expects to continue to incur significant costs in pursuit
of its financing and acquisition plans. On February 5, 2023, the Company received notice from the Sponsor of
its intention to extend the Combination period by three months until May 15, 2023. On February 8, 2023 in accordance with the Company s
amended and restated certificate of incorporation, the Sponsor s designee deposited into the Company s trust account
in connection with the extension. There is one additional three-month extension available to the Company. In the event the Company does not complete a Business Combination by May 15,
2023, or within an additional three months from that date if the available extension is exercised, the Company is required to redeem the
public shares sold in the Initial Public Offering. Additionally, the Company s officers, directors and Sponsor may, but are not
obligated to, loan the Company funds, from time to time or at any time, in whatever amount they deem reasonable in their sole discretion,
to meet the Company s working capital needs. Accordingly, the Company may not be able to obtain additional financing. If the Company
is unable to raise additional capital, it may be required to take additional measures to conserve liquidity, which could include, but
not necessarily be limited to, curtailing operations, suspending the pursuit of a potential transaction, and reducing overhead expenses.
The Company cannot provide any assurance that new financing will be available to it on commercially acceptable terms, if at all. These
conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern within one year after the date that
the financial statements are issued. There is no assurance that the Company s plans to consummate a Business Combination will be
successful within the Combination Period. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of
this uncertainty. 

shares of common stock subject to forfeiture if the
over-allotment option was not exercised by the underwriter (see Note 3). The Company has not considered the effect of the
warrants sold in the Initial Public Offering and private placement to purchase an aggregate of shares in the
calculation of diluted income per share, since the exercise of the warrants is contingent upon the occurrence of future
events. As a result, diluted loss per share of common stock is the same as basic loss per share of common stock for the period
presented. 

F- 10 

-

Denominator: weighted average number of redeemable common stock 
 
 -

Basic and diluted net income (loss) per redeemable common stock

- 

Non-redeemable common stock 

Numerator: net loss allocable to non-redeemable common stock 

Denominator: weighted average number of non-redeemable common stock 

Basic and diluted net loss per non-redeemable common stock

The balance of the Company s cash and cash equivalents as of December 31, 2022
and 2021 was and , respectively. 

F- 11 

. At December 31, 2022, the Company had not experienced
losses on this account and management believes the Company is not exposed to significant risks on such account. 

Less: fair value of public warrants 

Less: common stock issuance costs 

Accretion to redemption value 

Redeemable common stock 

F- 12 

units at a price of per unit (the Units ). Each Unit
consisted of one (1) share of the Company s common stock, par value and one (1) warrant to purchase three quarters
of one share of Common Stock (the Warrants ). On April 4, 2022, the Units separated into common stock and warrants, and
ceased trading. On April 4, 2022, the common stock and warrants commenced trading on the NYSE American. Under the terms of the warrant
agreement, the Company has agreed to use its best efforts to file a new registration statement under the Securities Act, following the
completion of the Business Combination. Each Warrant entitles the holder to purchase three quarters of one share of common stock at a
price of . Each Warrant will become exercisable on the later of: (i) one (1) year after the date that the registration
statement for the Offering (the Registration Statement is declared effective by the SEC and (ii) the consummation
by the Company of a Business Combination and will expire five years after the completion of the Company s initial Business
Combination or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. However, if the Company does not complete its initial Business Combination on
or prior to the 18-month period allotted to complete the Business Combination, the Warrants will expire at the end of such period.
If the Company is unable to deliver registered shares of common stock to the holder upon exercise of Warrants issued in connection with
the public Units during the exercise period, there will be no net cash settlement of these Warrants and the Warrants will expire
worthless, unless they may be exercised on a cashless basis in the circumstances described in the warrant agreement. Once the Warrants
become exercisable, the Company may redeem the outstanding Warrants in whole and not in part at a price of per Warrant upon a minimum
of 30 days prior written notice of redemption, only in the event that the last sale price of the Company s shares of
common stock equals or exceeds per share for any 20 trading days within the 30-trading day period ending on the third trading
day before the Company sends the notice of redemption to the Warrant holders. 

of additional Units to cover any over-allotments,
at the Initial Public Offering price less the underwriting discounts and commissions. Simultaneously with the IPO, on February 15, 2022,
the over-allotment was fully exercised. 

F- 13 

of the gross proceeds of the Initial Public Offering, of which (i) two
percent was paid at the closing of the offering in cash and (ii) three percent will be paid at the consummation of the
Business Combination in cash. 

shares of common stock to the Sponsor for an aggregate purchase
price of . Accordingly, as of December 31, 2020, the payment due to the Company was recorded to the par value and
additional paid-in-capital sections of the balance sheet. The agreement resulted in an aggregate of shares of common stock
held by the initial stockholders, of which an aggregate of up to shares were subject to forfeiture to the extent that the underwriters 
over-allotment was not exercised in full or in part. On February 4, 2022, the Sponsor forfeited shares and as a result, there
are currently founder shares issued and outstanding. An aggregate of up to of such shares was subject to forfeiture
to the extent that the over-allotment option was not exercised by the underwriter in full or in part, so that the Sponsor will own 
of the Company s issued and outstanding shares after the Initial Public Offering (assuming the initial shareholders do not purchase
any Units in the Initial Public Offering and excluding the representative and consultant shares). No shares were forfeited since the
underwriter did exercise the over-allotment in full. 

per share (as adjusted for stock
splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day
period commencing at least 90 days after the Company s initial Business Combination or (B) the date on which the Company
completes a liquidation, merger, stock exchange or other similar transaction after the initial Business Combination that results in all
of the Company s stockholders having the right to exchange their shares of common stock for cash, securities or other property. 

units Private Placement Units at a price of per Private Placement Unit in a private
placement which included a share of common stock and warrant to purchase three quarters of one share of common stock at an exercise price
of per share, subject to certain adjustments Private Placement Warrants and together, the Private Placement that occurred immediately prior to the Public Offering in such amounts as is required to maintain the amount in the Trust Account at 
per Unit sold. The Sponsor agreed that if the over-allotment option was exercised by the underwriter in full or in part, the Sponsor and/or
its designees shall purchase from us additional private placement units on a pro rata basis in an amount that is necessary to maintain
in the trust account . Since the over-allotment was exercised in full, the Sponsor purchased Private Placement Units. The
purchase price of the Private Placement Units was added to the proceeds from the Public Offering to be held in the Trust Account
pending completion of the Company s initial Business Combination. The Private Placement Units (including the warrants and common
stock issuable upon exercise of the Private Placement Units) will not be transferable, assignable, or salable until 30 days after
the completion of the initial Business Combination and they will be non-redeemable so long as they are held by the original holders or
their permitted transferees. If the Private Placement Units are held by someone other than the original holders or their permitted
transferees, the Private Placement Units will be redeemable by the Company and exercisable by such holders on the same basis as the
Warrants included in the Units being sold in the Initial Public Offering. Otherwise, the Private Placement Units have terms
and provisions that are substantially identical to those of the Warrants sold as part of the Units in the Initial Public Offering.

F- 14 

of the Working Capital Loans may be converted upon completion
of a Business Combination into warrants at a price of per warrant. Such warrants would be identical to the Private Placement Warrants.
In the event that a Business Combination does not close, the Company may use a portion of proceeds held outside the Trust Account to
repay the Working Capital Loans but no proceeds held in the Trust Account would be used to repay the Working Capital Loans. There were
no such Working Capital Loans taken as of December 31, 2022. 

in cash proceeds from a member of the Board of Directors on an unsecured, non-interest bearing
basis. This amount was included in Advances from related parties on the Company s balance sheet as of December 31, 2022.
In January 2023, the Company received an additional in cash proceeds and entered into a note and warrant purchase agreement.
See Note 9. 

in cash advances to the Company to pay
certain deferred offering costs, and paid an additional on the Company s behalf for offering costs. These advances are
unsecured, non-interest bearing and are due on demand. 

in short-term advances from a shareholder of the Sponsor, and agreed to pay an additional
 for expenses the individual incurred related to services provided by our Sponsor, included in Formation and operating costs
 on the Company s statements of operations. 

up front related to this agreement in February 2022, and is included in Prepaid Expenses on
the Company s balance sheet. Based on the terms of the agreement, the prepaid expense is being amortized through the earlier of
the one-year anniversary of the Company s IPO, or the date the Business Combination is completed. As of December 31, 2022, the
unamortized balance of the prepaid balance was . 

a month
for office space, utilities and secretarial support provided by Rhone Merchant Resources Inc. (formerly known as Houston Natural Resources,
Inc.), an affiliate of the Sponsor. The administrative services will commence on the date the securities are first listed on NYSE American
and will terminate upon the earlier of the consummation by the Company of an initial Business Combination or the liquidation of the Company.
The Company has paid a total of under this agreement during the year ended December 31, 2022 and paid an additional prior
to the effective date of the agreement. The Company owed under this agreement as of December 31, 2022. The Company recognized 
of expense related to this agreement during the year ended December 31, 2022, with recorded as a prepaid expense. The Company
paid under this agreement during the year ended December 31, 2021. 

F- 15 

per director, which shall be payable and issued subject to one year of continued service
to the Company commencing after the completion of the initial business combination (and which shall be pro-rated for any period less
than one year of service). 

non-redeemable common shares, whereby any business acquisition that the Company closes through referral by the consultant will entitle
the consultant to a finders fee. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company also paid this stockholder related to costs
of capital associated with the Company s IPO and of acquisition related costs. During the year ended December 31, 2022,
this stockholder paid expenses of on behalf of the Company. The Company included the amount owed to the stockholder in Advances
from related parties on the Company s balance sheet as of December 31, 2022. These expenses and an additional paid subsequent
to December 31, 2022 were restructured into a promissory note as discussed in Note 9. 

to a company controlled by a member of the Board of Directors
of the Company for due diligence costs of potential acquisition targets. 

shares with a par value of per share. At December
31, 2022, the authorized preferred stock of the Company was shares with a par value of per share. After completion
of the Initial Public Offering, the Company will likely (depending on the terms of the Business Combination) be required to increase
the number of shares of common stock which it is authorized to issue at the same time as its stockholders vote on the Business Combination
to the extent the Company seeks stockholder approval in connection with its Business Combination. Holders of the Company s common
stock vote together as a single class and are entitled to one vote for each share of common stock. 

shares of common stock issued and outstanding, of which an aggregate of up to shares
were subject to forfeiture to the extent that the underwriter s over-allotment option is exercised in full or in part. On February
4, 2022, the Sponsor forfeited shares and as a result, there are currently founder shares issued and outstanding, of
which an aggregate of up to of such shares were subject to forfeiture to the extent that the over-allotment option would not
be exercised by the underwriter in full or in part. The over-allotment was exercised in full and as such there are no such shares subject
to forfeiture. 

per director, which shall be payable and issued subject to one year of continued service
to the Company commencing after the completion of the initial business combination (and which shall be pro-rated for any period
less than one year of service). No such awards were granted as of December 31, 2022. 

shares of common stock outstanding, of which are subject to redemption at per share and are reflected as mezzanine equity
on the Company s balance sheet at redemption value. 

F- 16 

in aggregate gross purchase price of newly issued shares of the Company s
common stock, par value per share (the Common Stock ), subject to certain limitations and conditions set forth in
the Common Stock Purchase Agreement. Capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined herein shall have the meaning given to such terms
by the Common Stock Purchase Agreement. 

and (b) the dollar amount equal to the product of (1) the Effective Daily Trading Volume (2) the closing price
of Common Stock on the Effective Date (3) and (4) , divided by the closing price of Common Stock on NYSE American preceding the
Notice Date and (ii) a number of shares of Common Stock equal to the Average Daily Trading Volume multiplied by the Percentage Limit. 

of the lowest daily volume-weighted average price of Common
Stock during a period of two consecutive trading days following the applicable Notice Date. 

based on the volume-weighted average price of the Common Stock on a date which is the earlier
to occur of (i) two Trading Days prior to the filing of the registration statement it will file pursuant to the White Lion RRA and (ii)
after the closing of any business combination agreement, the Trading Day prior to the Investor sending a written request to the Company
for such commitment shares, and to include such shares in the registration statement it will file pursuant to the White Lion RRA. 

F- 17 

or from the gross proceeds of the Offering. In addition,
the underwriters are entitled to a deferred fee of 
 upon closing of the Business Combination, which represents of the gross proceeds from Units
sold to the Public. The deferred fee will be paid in cash upon the closing of a Business Combination from the amounts held in the Trust
Account, subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement. The underwriter will not be entitled to any interest accrued on the
deferred underwriting discounts and commissions. 

The Company will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statements. 

of the outstanding
membership interests of Pogo Resources, LLC, a Texas limited liability company (the Target ). 

; provided, that up to of the cash consideration
may be payable through a promissory note to Seller and (b) shares of the Company s common stock. The purchase price is
subject to adjustment in accordance with the MIPA. 

F- 18 

Start-up costs 

Total deferred tax asset 

Valuation allowance 

Deferred tax asset, net of allowance 

Deferred 

State: 

Current 

Deferred 

Change in Valuation allowance 

Income tax provision 

and , respectively, of estimated U.S. federal
net operating loss carryovers, which do not expire, and no state net operating loss carryovers available to offset future taxable income. 

Transaction costs 
 
 - 
 
 Change in valuation allowance 

Income tax provision 

F- 19 

non-redeemable shares
of common stock in the amount of , representing amounts paid by the holder on behalf of the Company for expenses, including 
that were paid on behalf of the Company during the year ended December 31, 2022 and included in Advances from related parties on
the Company s balance sheet. The unsecured promissory note bears interest at the lesser of or the highest rate allowable by
law per annum and matures on the fifth anniversary of the Closing of the MIPA. The holder may demand repayment after six months from the
Closing of the MIPA. 

warrants to purchase shares of common stock of the Company at
an exercise price of per share. The warrants shall become exercisable beginning at the Closing of the MIPA and expire on January
20, 2028. The warrant holder shall have the one time right on the 18 month anniversary of the effective date of the warrants to require
the Company to repurchase the warrants. 

, related to of cash proceeds received by the Company during the year ended December 31, 2022 and included
in Advances from related parties on the Company s balance sheet, and of proceeds received in January 2023. The unsecured
promissory note bears interest at the lessor of or the highest rate allowable by law per annum and matures on the fifth anniversary
of the Closing of the MIPA. The holder may demand repayment after six months from the Closing of the MIPA. 

warrants to purchase shares of common stock of the Company
at an exercise price of per share. The warrants shall become exercisable beginning at the Closing of the MIPA and expire on January
20, 2028. The warrant holder shall have the one time right on the 18 month anniversary of the effective date of the warrants to require
the Company to repurchase the warrants. 

into the Company s
trust account in connection with the extension. There is one additional three-month extension available to the Company. 

F-20 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 f10k2022ex31-1_hnracq.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION 

 PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14 AND 15d-14 

 UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS
AMENDED 

I, Donald H. Goree, certify that: 

1. I
have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K (this Report for the year ended December 31,
2022 of HNR Acquisition Corp.; 

2. Based
on my knowledge, this Report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make
the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered
by this Report; 

3. Based
on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this Report, fairly present in all material respects
the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this Report; 

4. The
registrant s other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have: 

a. Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure
that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those
entities, particularly during the period in which this Amendment is being prepared; 

b. [Paragraph
intentionally omitted in accordance with SEC Release Nos. 34-47986 and 34-54942]; 

c. Evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this Report our conclusions about the
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this Report based on such evaluation;
and 

d. Disclosed
in this Report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The
registrant s other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
the equivalent functions): 

a. All
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably
likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. Any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal
controls over financial reporting. 

Date: March 31, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Donald H. Goree 

Donald H. Goree 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer, 
Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-32.1>
 3
 f10k2022ex32-1_hnracq.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. 1350 

 (SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002) 

In connection with the Annual Report of HNR Acquisition
Corp. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Donald H. Goree, Chief Executive Officer of the Company,
certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that,
to the best of my knowledge: 

(1) the
Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) the
information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the
Company. 

Date: March 31, 2023 

/s/ Donald H. Goree 

Name: 
 Donald H. Goree 

Title: 
 Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer, 
Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 4
 hnra-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 5
 hnra-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 6
 hnra-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 7
 hnra-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 8
 hnra-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

