<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230215_10-K_edgar_data_18230_0000018230-23-000011.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>32235481</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>377350</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>4030359</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>13766458</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>7069251</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>6234817</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000018230-23-000011.hdr.sgml : 20230215
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230215102756
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000018230-23-000011
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		146
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230215
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230215

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			CATERPILLAR INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000018230
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	CONSTRUCTION MACHINERY & EQUIP [3531]
		IRS NUMBER:				370602744
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			TX
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-00768
		FILM NUMBER:		23634040

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		5205 N. O'CONNOR BOULEVARD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 100
		CITY:			IRVING
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			75039
		BUSINESS PHONE:		9728917700

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		5205 N. O'CONNOR BOULEVARD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 100
		CITY:			IRVING
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			75039

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	CATERPILLAR TRACTOR CO
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19860623

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000018230-23-000011.txt : 20230215

10-K
 1
 cat-20221231.htm
 10-K

cat-20221231 
 
 Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 
 
 (Mark One) 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2022 
 
 OR 
 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For the transition period from to . 
 
 Commission File No. 
 
 . 
 (Exact name of Registrant as specified in its charter) 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation) (IRS Employer I.D. No.) (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 
 Registrant s telephone number, including area code: ) 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol (s) Name of each exchange on which registered (1) 

(1) In addition to the New York Stock Exchange, Caterpillar common stock is also listed on stock exchanges in France and Switzerland. 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. No o 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes o 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No o 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No o 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer , smaller reporting company and "emerging growth company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): 

Table of Contents 

 x Accelerated filer o Non-accelerated filer o Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management's assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.s.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. o 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). o 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 
 As of June 30, 2022, there were 527,909,143 shares of common stock of the Registrant outstanding, and the aggregate market value of the voting stock held by non-affiliates of the Registrant (assuming only for purposes of this computation that directors and executive officers may be affiliates) was approximately billion. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, there were shares of common stock of the Registrant outstanding. 

Table of Contents 

 TABLE OF CONTENTS Page Part I 
 Item 1. 
 Business 
 1 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 10 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 21 
 Item 1C. 
 Information about our Executive Officers 
 22 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 22 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 25 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 25 
 Part II 
 Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 25 
 Item 6. 
 [Reserved] 
 27 
 Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 28 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 54 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 55 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 123 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 123 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 123 
 Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 123 
 Part III 
 Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 123 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 124 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 124 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 124 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 125 
 Part IV 
 Item 15. 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 126 
 Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 130 
 
 i 

Table of Contents 

PART I 

Item 1. Business. 

General 
 
 Originally organized as Caterpillar Tractor Co. in 1925 in the State of California, our company was reorganized as Caterpillar Inc. in 1986 in the State of Delaware. As used herein, the term Caterpillar, we, us, our or the company refers to Caterpillar Inc. and its subsidiaries unless designated or identified otherwise. 
 
 Overview 
 
 With 2022 sales and revenues of 59.427 billion, Caterpillar is the world s leading manufacturer of construction and mining equipment, off-highway diesel and natural gas engines, industrial gas turbines and diesel-electric locomotives. The company principally operates through its three primary segments - Construction Industries, Resource Industries and Energy Transportation - and also provides financing and related services through its Financial Products segment. Caterpillar is also a leading U.S. exporter. Through a global network of independent dealers and direct sales of certain products, Caterpillar builds long-term relationships with customers around the world. 
 
 Enterprise Strategy 
 
 Our company strategy, rolled out in 2017, reflects our legacy and our continuing commitment to meet the needs of our customers and the communities in which we live and work. United by our Values, Caterpillar employees around the world share a focused view of our business through the Operating Execution Model, through which we are making strategic choices today to create long-term profitable growth. Since 2017, we focused on three strategic areas: Expanded Offerings, Operational Excellence and Services. In 2022, we updated our strategy to also include sustainability as a strategic focus area. For nearly 100 years, our longstanding commitment to sustainability has inspired us to set and achieve meaningful environmental, social and governance goals. It s also allowed us to develop innovative products, technologies and services to support our customers on their sustainability journey. The addition of sustainability as a focus area, together with operational excellence, expanded offerings and services, highlights our work to help customers build a better, more sustainable world. 
 
 Currently, we have five operating segments, of which four are reportable segments and are described below. 
 
 Categories of Business Organization 
 
 1. Machinery, Energy Transportation Caterpillar Inc. and its subsidiaries, excluding Financial Products. Machinery, Energy Transportation information relates to the design, manufacturing and marketing of our products. 
 
 2. Financial Products Our finance and insurance subsidiaries, primarily Caterpillar Financial Services Corporation (Cat Financial) and Caterpillar Insurance Holdings Inc. (Insurance Services). Financial Products information relates to the financing to customers and dealers for the purchase and lease of Caterpillar and other equipment. 
 
 Other information about our operations in 2022, including certain risks associated with our operations, is included in Part II, Item 7 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 
 Construction Industries 
 
 Our Construction Industries segment is primarily responsible for supporting customers using machinery in infrastructure, forestry and building construction. The majority of machine sales in this segment are made in the heavy and general construction, rental, quarry and aggregates markets and mining. 
 
 The nature of customer demand for construction machinery varies around the world. Customers in developing economies often prioritize purchase price in making their investment decisions, while customers in developed economies generally weigh productivity and other performance criteria that contribute to lower owning and operating costs over the lifetime of the machine. To meet customer expectations in developing economies, Caterpillar developed differentiated product offerings that target customers in those markets, including our SEM brand machines. We believe that these customer-driven product innovations enable us to compete more effectively in developing economies. The majority of Construction Industries' research and development spending in 2022 focused on the next generation of construction machines. 
 1 

Table of Contents 

The competitive environment for construction machinery is characterized by some global competitors and many regional and specialized local competitors. Examples of global competitors include CASE (part of CNH Industrial N.V.), Deere Construction Forestry (part of Deere Company), Doosan Bobcat (Part of Doosan Group), Hitachi Construction Machinery Co., Ltd., Hyundai Construction Equipment Co., Ltd., Hyundai Doosan Infracore Co., Ltd. (both part of Hyundai Heavy Industries Group), J.C. Bamford Excavators Ltd., Kobelco Construction Machinery (part of Kobe Steel, Ltd), Komatsu Ltd., Kubota Farm Industrial Machinery (part of Kubota Corporation), Sany Heavy Industry Co., Ltd., and Volvo Construction Equipment (part of the Volvo Group). As an example of regional and local competitors, our competitors in China also include Guangxi LiuGong Machinery Co., Ltd., Longking Holdings Ltd., Sany Heavy Industry Co, XCMG Construction Machinery Co., Ltd., Shandong Lingong Construction Machinery Co., Ltd. (SDLG, JV with Volvo Construction Equipment) and Shantui Construction Machinery Co., Ltd., (part of Shandong Heavy Industry Group Co.). Each of these companies has varying product lines that compete with Caterpillar products, and each has varying degrees of regional focus. 
 
 The Construction Industries product portfolio includes the following product families as well as related parts and tools: 
 asphalt pavers 
 compactors 
 road reclaimers backhoe loaders 
 forestry machines 
 skid steer loaders cold planers 
 material handlers 
 small and medium compact, small and mini, small, medium 
 track-type tractors medium wheel loaders and large track excavators telehandlers compact track and motor graders 
 track-type loaders multi-terrain loaders pipelayers 
 wheel excavators 
 
 Resource Industries 
 
 The Resource Industries segment is primarily responsible for supporting customers using machinery in mining and heavy construction and quarry and aggregates. Caterpillar offers a broad product range and services to deliver comprehensive solutions for our customers. We develop and manufacture high productivity equipment for both surface and underground mining operations around the world, as well as provide hydraulic systems, electronics and software for Caterpillar machines and engines. Our equipment is used to extract and haul copper, iron ore, coal, oil sands, aggregates, gold and other minerals and ores, as well as a variety of heavy construction applications. In addition to equipment, Resource Industries also develops and sells technology products and services to provide customers fleet management systems, equipment management analytics and autonomous machine capabilities. 
 
 Customers in most markets place an emphasis on equipment that is highly productive, reliable and provides the lowest total cost of ownership over the life of the equipment. In some developing markets, customers often prioritize purchase price in making their investment decisions. We believe our ability to control the integration and design of key machine components and innovative technologies represents a competitive advantage. Our research and development efforts remain focused on providing customers the lowest total cost of ownership enabled through the highest quality, most productive products and services in the industry. 
 
 The competitive environment for Resource Industries consists of a few larger global competitors that compete in several of the markets that we serve and a substantial number of smaller companies that compete in a more limited range of products, applications, and regional markets. Our global surface competitors include Deere Construction Forestry (part of Deere Company), Epiroc AB, Hitachi Construction Machinery Co., Ltd., Komatsu Ltd., Liebherr-International AG, Sandvik AB, and Volvo Construction Equipment. Our global underground competitors include Epiroc AB, Komatsu Ltd., and Sandvik AB. 
 
 The Resource Industries product portfolio includes the following machines and related parts and services: 
 electric rope shovels 
 longwall miners 
 landfill compactors 
 draglines 
 large wheel loaders 
 soil compactors 
 hydraulic shovels 
 off-highway trucks 
 machinery components 
 rotary drills 
 articulated trucks 
 autonomous ready vehicles and solutions 
 hard rock vehicles 
 wheel tractor scrapers 
 select work tools 
 large track-type tractors 
 wheel dozers 
 safety services and mining performance 
 large mining trucks 
 fleet management 
 solutions 

2 

Table of Contents 

 Energy Transportation 
 
 Our Energy Transportation segment supports customers in oil and gas, power generation, marine, rail and industrial applications, including Caterpillar machines. The product and services portfolio includes reciprocating engines, generator sets, integrated systems and solutions, turbines and turbine-related services, electrified powertrain and zero-emission power sources and service solutions development, the remanufacturing of Caterpillar engines and components and remanufacturing services for other companies, diesel-electric locomotives and other rail-related products and services and product support of on-highway vocational trucks for North America. 
 
 Regulatory emissions standards require us to continue to make investments as new products and new regulations are introduced. Ongoing compliance with these regulations remains a focus. Emissions compliance in developing markets is complex due to rapidly evolving and unique requirements where enforcement processes can often vary. We employ robust product development, manufacturing processes and testing to help us comply with these regulations. 
 
 The competitive environment for reciprocating engines in marine, oil and gas, industrial and electric power generation systems along with turbines in oil and gas and electric power generation consists of a few larger global competitors that compete in a variety of markets that Caterpillar serves, and a substantial number of smaller companies that compete in a limited-size product range, geographic region and/or application. Principal global competitors include Cummins Inc., Deutz AG, INNIO Jenbacher GmbH, Rolls-Royce Power Systems and W rtsil Corp. Other competitors, such as Fiat Industrial SpA (Iveco Group), GE Power, Kawasaki Heavy Industries Energy Solutions Marine Engineering, MAN Energy Solutions (VW), Mitsubishi Heavy Industries Ltd., Siemens Energy Global GmbH,Volvo Penta AB, Weichai Power Co., Ltd., and other emerging market competitors compete in certain markets in which Caterpillar competes. An additional set of competitors, including Aggreko plc, Baker Hughes Co., Generac Holdings, Kohler Power Systems, and others, are primarily packagers who source engines and/or other components from domestic and international suppliers and market products regionally and internationally through a variety of distribution channels. In rail-related businesses, our global competitors include Alstom SA, CRRC Corp., LTD., The Greenbrier Companies, Siemens Mobility, Voestalpine AG, Vossloh AG and Wabtec Freight. We also compete with other companies on a more limited range of products, services and/or geographic regions. 
 
 The Energy Transportation portfolio includes the following products and related parts: 
 
 Reciprocating engine powered generator sets 
 Reciprocating engines, drivetrain and integrated systems and solutions supplied to the industrial industry as well as Caterpillar machinery 
 Integrated systems and solutions used in the electric power generation industry 
 Turbines, centrifugal gas compressors and related services 
 Reciprocating engines, drivetrain and integrated systems and solutions for the marine and oil and gas industries 
 Remanufactured reciprocating engines and components 
 Diesel-electric locomotives and components and other rail-related products and services 
 
 Financial Products Segment 
 
 The business of our Financial Products Segment is primarily conducted by Cat Financial, Insurance Services and their respective subsidiaries and affiliates. Cat Financial is a wholly owned finance subsidiary of Caterpillar Inc. and it provides retail and wholesale financing to customers and dealers around the world for Caterpillar products and services, as well as financing for vehicles and power generation facilities that, in most cases, incorporate Caterpillar products. Retail financing is primarily comprised of installment sale contracts and other equipment-related loans, working capital loans, finance leases and operating leases. Wholesale financing to Caterpillar dealers consists primarily of inventory and rental fleet financing. In addition, Cat Financial purchases short-term wholesale trade receivables from Caterpillar. The various financing plans offered by Cat Financial are designed to support sales of Caterpillar products and services and generate financing income for Cat Financial. A significant portion of our activity is conducted in North America and we have additional offices and subsidiaries in Latin America, Asia/Pacific, Europe and Africa. 
 
 For over 40 years, Cat Financial has been providing financing for Caterpillar products, contributing to our knowledge of asset values, industry trends, financing structures and customer needs. 
 
 3 

Table of Contents 

 In certain instances, Cat Financial s operations are subject to supervision and regulation by state, federal and various foreign governmental authorities, and may be subject to various laws and judicial and administrative decisions imposing various requirements and restrictions which, among other things, (i) regulate credit granting activities and the administration of loans, (ii) establish maximum interest rates, finance charges and other charges, (iii) require disclosures to customers, (iv) govern secured transactions, (v) set collection, foreclosure, repossession and other trade practices and (vi) regulate the use and reporting of information related to a borrower s credit experience. Cat Financial s ability to comply with these and other governmental and legal requirements and restrictions affects its operations. 
 
 Cat Financial s retail loans include: 
 
 Loans that allow customers and dealers to use their Caterpillar equipment or other assets as collateral to obtain financing. 
 
 Installment sale contracts, which are equipment loans that enable customers to purchase equipment with structured payments over time. 
 
 Cat Financial's retail leases include: 
 
 Finance (non-tax) leases, where the lessee for tax purposes is considered to be the owner of the equipment during the term of the lease, that either require or allow the customer to purchase the equipment for a fixed price at the end of the term. 
 
 Tax leases that are classified as either operating or finance leases for financial accounting purposes, depending on the characteristics of the lease. For tax purposes, we are considered the owner of the equipment. 
 
 Cat Financial also purchases short-term receivables from Caterpillar. 
 
 Cat Financial s wholesale loans and leases include inventory/rental programs, which provide assistance to dealers by financing their new Caterpillar inventory and rental fleets. 
 
 Cat Financial operates in a highly competitive environment, with financing for users of Caterpillar equipment and services available through a variety of sources, principally commercial banks and finance and leasing companies. Our competitors include Wells Fargo Equipment Finance Inc., Banc of America Leasing Capital LLC, BNP Paribas Leasing Solutions Limited, Australia and New Zealand Banking Group Limited, Soci t G n rale S.A. and various other banks and finance companies. In addition, many of the manufacturers that compete with Caterpillar also own financial subsidiaries, such as John Deere Capital Corporation, Komatsu Financial L.P., Volvo Financial Services and Kubota Credit Corporation, which utilize many below-market interest rate programs (funded by the manufacturer) to support machine sales. Cat Financial works with the broader Caterpillar organization to provide a broad array of financial merchandising programs to compete around the world. 
 
 The financial results of Cat Financial are largely dependent upon the ability of Caterpillar dealers to sell equipment and customers willingness to enter into financing or leasing agreements. Cat Financial is also affected by, among other things, the availability of funds from its financing sources, its cost of funds relative to its competitors and general economic conditions such as inflation and market interest rates. 
 
 Cat Financial has a match-funding policy that addresses interest rate risk by aligning the interest rate profile (fixed or floating rate and duration) of its debt portfolio with the interest rate profile of its receivables portfolio within predetermined ranges on an ongoing basis. In connection with that policy, Cat Financial uses interest rate derivative instruments to modify the debt structure to match assets within the receivables portfolio. This matched funding reduces the volatility of margins between interest-bearing assets and interest-bearing liabilities, regardless of which direction interest rates move. For more information regarding match funding, please see Note 4 Derivative financial instruments and risk management of Part II, Item 8 "Financial Statements and Supplementary Data." See also the risk factors associated with our financial products business included in Item 1 A. of this Form 10-K. 
 
 In managing foreign currency risk for Cat Financial s operations, the objective is to minimize earnings volatility resulting from conversion and the remeasurement of net foreign currency balance sheet positions, and future transactions denominated in foreign currencies. This policy allows the use of foreign currency forward, option and cross currency contracts to offset the risk of currency mismatch between the assets and liabilities, and exchange rate risk associated with future transactions denominated in foreign currencies. 
 
 4 

Table of Contents 

 Cat Financial provides financing only when certain criteria are met. Credit decisions are based on a variety of credit quality factors including prior payment experience, customer financial information, credit ratings, loan-to-value ratios and other internal metrics. Cat Financial typically maintains a security interest in retail-financed equipment and requires physical damage insurance coverage on financed equipment. Cat Financial finances a significant portion of Caterpillar dealers sales and inventory of Caterpillar equipment throughout the world. Cat Financial s competitive position is improved by marketing programs offered in conjunction with Caterpillar and/or Caterpillar dealers. Under these programs, Caterpillar, or the dealer, funds an amount at the outset of the transaction, which Cat Financial then recognizes as revenue over the term of the financing. We believe that these marketing programs provide Cat Financial a significant competitive advantage in financing Caterpillar products. 
 
 Caterpillar Insurance Company, a wholly owned subsidiary of Caterpillar Insurance Holdings Inc., is a U.S. insurance company domiciled in Missouri and primarily regulated by the Missouri Department of Insurance. Caterpillar Insurance Company is licensed to conduct property and casualty insurance business in 50 states, the District of Columbia and Guam, and as such, is also regulated in those jurisdictions. The State of Missouri acts as the lead regulatory authority and monitors Caterpillar Insurance Company s financial status to ensure that it is in compliance with minimum solvency requirements, as well as other financial ratios prescribed by the National Association of Insurance Commissioners. Caterpillar Insurance Company is also licensed to conduct insurance business through a branch in Zurich, Switzerland and, as such, is regulated by the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory Authority. 
 
 Caterpillar Life Insurance Company, a wholly owned subsidiary of Caterpillar, is a U.S. insurance company domiciled in Missouri and primarily regulated by the Missouri Department of Insurance. Caterpillar Life Insurance Company is licensed to conduct life and accident and health insurance business in 26 states and the District of Columbia and, as such, is also regulated in those jurisdictions. The State of Missouri acts as the lead regulatory authority and it monitors the financial status to ensure that it is in compliance with minimum solvency requirements, as well as other financial ratios prescribed by the National Association of Insurance Commissioners. Caterpillar Life Insurance Company provides reinsurance coverage to Caterpillar Insurance Company. Specifically, Caterpillar Life Insurance Company has entered into a reinsurance agreement with Caterpillar Insurance Company, assuming 100 of the risk of an Accident and Health Stop Loss Insurance Policy to cover a Caterpillar Voluntary Employees' Benefits Association (VEBA) Trust for medical losses sustained by a select group of Caterpillar retirees and dependents. 
 
 Caterpillar Insurance Co. Ltd., a wholly owned subsidiary of Caterpillar Insurance Holdings Inc., is a captive insurance company domiciled in Bermuda and regulated by the Bermuda Monetary Authority. Caterpillar Insurance Co. Ltd. is registered as a Class 2 (General Business) and Class B (Long-Term) insurer with the Bermuda Monetary Authority. Under its Class 2 insurance license, Caterpillar Insurance Co. Ltd. insures its parent and affiliates for general liability, property, auto liability and cargo. It also provides reinsurance to Caterpillar Insurance Company under a quota share reinsurance agreement for its contractual liability and contractors equipment programs in the United States. In addition, Caterpillar Insurance Co. Ltd. reinsures 100 of the international employee benefit plans of Caterpillar Inc. through retrocession agreements with other insurers. The employee benefits coverages include medical and accident coverages. which are reported under its Class 2 insurance license and life and disability coverages, which are reported under its Class B insurance license. The Bermuda Monetary Authority is responsible for monitoring compliance with solvency requirements and requires an Annual Financial Filing for this purpose. 
 
 Caterpillar Product Services Corporation (CPSC), a wholly owned subsidiary of Caterpillar, is a warranty company domiciled in Missouri. CPSC previously conducted a machine extended service contract program in Germany and France by providing machine extended warranty reimbursement protection to dealers in Germany and France. The program was discontinued effective January 1, 2013, though CPSC continues to provide extended warranty reimbursement protection under existing contracts. 
 
 Caterpillar Insurance Services Corporation, a wholly owned subsidiary of Caterpillar Insurance Holdings Inc., is a Tennessee insurance agency licensed in all 50 states, the District of Columbia and Guam. It provides brokerage and insurance services for all property and casualty and life and health lines of business. 
 
 Caterpillar s insurance group provides protection and service for claims under the following programs: 
 
 Contractual Liability Insurance to insure certain service contract obligations of Caterpillar and its affiliates, Caterpillar dealers and original equipment manufacturers (OEMs). 
 
 Cargo reinsurance for the worldwide cargo risks of Caterpillar products. 
 
 5 

Table of Contents 

 Contractors Equipment Physical Damage Insurance for equipment manufactured by Caterpillar or OEMs, which is leased, rented or sold by third party dealers to customers. 
 
 General liability, employer s liability, auto liability and property insurance for Caterpillar. 
 
 Life, disability, medical and accident reinsurance for Caterpillar's international employee benefits program (non-U.S.). 
 
 Reinsurance to cover VEBA Trust for medical claims of certain Caterpillar retirees and dependents. 
 
 Brokerage and insurance services for property and casualty and life and health business. 
 
 Competitive Environment 
 
 Caterpillar products and services are sold worldwide into a variety of highly competitive markets. In all markets, we compete on the basis of product performance, customer service, quality and price. From time to time, the intensity of competition results in price discounting in a particular industry or region. Such price discounting puts pressure on margins and can negatively impact operating profit. Outside the United States, certain competitors enjoy competitive advantages inherent to operating in their home countries or regions. 
 
 Raw Materials and Component Products 
 
 We source our raw materials and manufactured components from suppliers both domestically and internationally. These purchases include unformed materials and rough and finished parts. Unformed materials include a variety of steel products, which are then cut or formed to shape and machined in our facilities. Rough parts include various sized steel and iron castings and forgings, which are machined to final specification levels inside our facilities. Finished parts are ready to assemble components, which are made either to Caterpillar specifications or to supplier developed specifications. We machine and assemble some of the components used in our machines, engines and power generation units and to support our after-market dealer parts sales. We also purchase various goods and services used in production, logistics, offices and product development processes. We maintain global strategic sourcing models to meet our global facilities production needs while building long-term supplier relationships and leveraging enterprise spend. We expect our suppliers to maintain, at all times, industry-leading levels of quality and the ability to timely deliver raw materials and component products for our machine and engine products. However, in some cases, increases in demand or supply chain disruptions have led to parts and components constraints across some products. We use a variety of agreements with suppliers to protect our intellectual property and processes to monitor and mitigate risks of the supply base causing a business disruption. The risks monitored include supplier financial viability, the ability to increase or decrease production levels, business continuity, quality and delivery. 
 
 Patents and Trademarks 
 
 We own a number of patents and trademarks, which have been obtained over a period of years and relate to the products we manufacture and the services we provide. These patents and trademarks are generally considered beneficial to our business. We do not regard our business as being dependent upon any single patent or group of patents. 

Order Backlog 
 
 The dollar amount of backlog believed to be firm was approximately 30.4 billion at December 31, 2022 and 23.1 billion at December 31, 2021. Compared with year-end 2021, the order backlog increased for both the Energy Transportation and Construction Industries segments, with the largest increase in Energy Transportation. Of the total backlog at December 31, 2022, approximately 5.5 billion was not expected to be filled in 2023. 
 
 Dealers and Distributors 
 
 We distribute our machines principally through a worldwide organization of dealers (dealer network), 43 located in the United States and 113 located outside the United States, serving 192 countries. We sell reciprocating engines principally through the dealer network and to other manufacturers for use in products. We also sell some of the reciprocating engines manufactured by our subsidiary Perkins Engines Company Limited through its worldwide network of 88 distributors covering 185 countries. We sell the FG Wilson branded electric power generation systems through its worldwide network of 110 distributors covering 109 countries. We also sell some of the large, medium speed reciprocating engines under the MaK brand through a worldwide network of 20 distributors covering 130 countries. 
 
 6 

Table of Contents 

 Our dealers do not deal exclusively with our products; however, in most cases sales and servicing of our products are the dealers principal business. We sell some products, primarily turbines and locomotives, directly to end customers through sales forces employed by the company. At times, these employees are assisted by independent sales representatives. 
 
 While the large majority of our worldwide dealers are independently owned and operated, we own and operate a dealership in Japan that covers approximately 80 of the Japanese market: Nippon Caterpillar Division. We are currently operating this Japanese dealer directly and we report its results in the All Other operating segment. There are also three independent dealers in the Southern Region of Japan. 
 
 For Caterpillar branded products, the company s relationship with each of its independent dealers is memorialized in standard sales and service agreements. Pursuant to these agreements, the company grants the dealer the right to purchase and sell its products and to service the products in a specified geographic service territory. The company establishes prices to dealers after receiving input from dealers on transactional pricing in the marketplace. The company also agrees to defend its intellectual property and to provide warranty and technical support to the dealer. The agreement further grants the dealer a non-exclusive license to use the company s trademarks, service marks and brand names. In some instances, a separate trademark agreement exists between the company and a dealer. 
 
 In exchange for these rights, the agreement obligates the dealer to develop and promote the sale of the company s products to current and prospective customers in the dealer s service territory. Each dealer agrees to employ adequate sales and support personnel to market, sell and promote the company s products, demonstrate and exhibit the products, perform the company s product improvement programs, inform the company concerning any features that might affect the safe operation of any of the company s products and maintain detailed books and records of the dealer s financial condition, sales and inventories and make these books and records available at the company s reasonable request. 
 
 These sales and service agreements are terminable at will by either party primarily upon 90 days written notice. 
 
 Human Capital 
 
 Core Values 
 
 Caterpillar s global workforce is united by Our Values In Action, Caterpillar s Code of Conduct. Integrity, Excellence, Teamwork, Commitment and Sustainability provide the foundation for our values-based culture. Our diversity and inclusion principles are embedded in our values. Our values unite us, and reflect our diverse cultures, languages, geographies, and businesses, as one Caterpillar team. 
 
 Health and Safety 
 
 The health and safety of our employees is an important focus at Caterpillar, and we strive to continually reduce our recordable injuries. As part of this focus on health and safety, Caterpillar has established a peer-to-peer safety mentorship and education program for manufacturing new hires to accelerate acclimation to our safety culture in many global locations. In 2022, the Company achieved a recordable injury frequency rate of 0.44, compared to the 2021 recordable injury frequency rate of 0.41. 
 
 Talent Development and Training 
 
 In addition to our focus on values and safety, we strive to continually attract, develop, engage, and retain a high-performing diverse global team that executes our enterprise strategy of long-term profitable growth. 
 
 We are committed to employee development and helping individuals reach their full potential, by making on-going investments in our team. Our global internships, engineering co-ops, and career programs for engineering, marketing, and manufacturing provide development opportunities for early career employees. We also have a continual focus on strengthening technical, professional and leadership capabilities at every level. Strategic talent reviews and succession planning occur at a minimum, annually, across our businesses. 
 
 Our leadership development programs and focus on encouraging a variety of experiences to help employees broaden understanding and increase perspective. Our leadership curriculums include managing for inclusion as a core development principle and a professional skill. 
 
 7 

Table of Contents 

 Additionally, skill-based programs to upskill our manufacturing employees are developed locally and tailored to the specific needs of the business. In China, we continue to invest in programs that encourage women to pursue engineering management and leadership roles. In India, we tailored recruiting campaigns and on-site benefits to attract female employees. Caterpillar, along with other companies across industries, participates in the OneTen coalition. The coalition is committed to upskill, hire and advance Black Americans over the next 10 years into family-sustaining careers. 
 
 Diversity and Inclusion 
 
 We are committed to fostering a diverse workforce and an inclusive environment. Our strategic approach weaves diversity and inclusion seamlessly into the business, ensuring that the principles guide us in our daily operating rhythm. Our 14 Employee Resource Groups (ERGs), which are sponsored and supported by leadership, help ensure different voices and perspectives contribute to our strategy for long-term profitable growth. They also engage our employees, helping contribute to development and retention. 
 
 Our ERGs provide many contributions, such as mentoring programs that connect diverse employees with senior leaders who can support their career goals, partnerships with recruiters and diverse early career and professional organizations that can assist in strengthening the diverse talent pipeline and programs that educate and inform on the richness of the global cultures that we share. 
 
 Compensation, Benefits and Employee Insights 
 
 Providing competitive benefits and compensation underpins our commitment to our engaged and productive employees. Our pay-for-performance philosophy aligns employee s individual contributions, behaviors and business results with individual rewards. Our comprehensive Total Health programs focus on purpose, as well as physical, emotional, financial, and social health. The annual Employee Insights Survey provides all employees the opportunity to confidentially share their perspectives and engages leaders to listen, learn and respond to employee feedback. 
 
 Employment 
 
 Management aligns employment levels with the needs of the business. We believe we have the appropriate human capital resources to successfully operate and deliver our enterprise strategy. As of December 31, 2022, we employed about 109,100 full-time persons of whom approximately 60,900 were located outside the United States. In the United States, we employed approximately 48,200 full-time persons, most of whom are at-will employees and, therefore, not subject to any type of employment contract or agreement. At select business units, we have hired certain highly specialized employees under employment contracts that specify a term of employment, pay and other benefits. 
 Full-Time Employees at Year-End 2022 2021 Inside U.S. 48,200 44,300 Outside U.S. 60,900 63,400 Total 109,100 107,700 By Region: North America 48,700 44,700 EAME 16,900 17,600 Latin America 19,100 19,500 Asia/Pacific 24,400 25,900 Total 109,100 107,700 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, there were approximately 7,980 hourly production employees in the United States who were covered by collective bargaining agreements with various labor unions, including The United Automobile, Aerospace and Agricultural Implement Workers of America (UAW), The International Association of Machinists and The United Steelworkers. Outside the United States, the company enters into employment contracts and agreements in those countries in which such relationships are mandatory or customary. The provisions of these agreements generally correspond in each case with the required or customary terms in the subject jurisdiction. 
 8 

Table of Contents 

Environmental Matters 
 
 The company is regulated by federal, state and international environmental laws governing our use, transport and disposal of substances and control of emissions. In addition to governing our manufacturing and other operations, these laws often impact the development of our products, including, but not limited to, required compliance with air emissions standards applicable to internal combustion engines. We have made, and will continue to make, significant research and development and capital expenditures to comply with these emissions standards. 
 
 We are engaged in remedial activities at a number of locations, often with other companies, pursuant to federal and state laws. When it is probable we will pay remedial costs at a site, and those costs can be reasonably estimated, the investigation, remediation, and operating and maintenance costs of the remedial action are accrued against our earnings. Costs are accrued based on consideration of currently available data and information with respect to each individual site, including available technologies, current applicable laws and regulations, and prior remediation experience. Where no amount within a range of estimates is more likely, we accrue the minimum. Where multiple potentially responsible parties are involved, we consider our proportionate share of the probable costs. In formulating the estimate of probable costs, we do not consider amounts expected to be recovered from insurance companies or others. We reassess these accrued amounts on a quarterly basis. The amount recorded for environmental remediation is not material and is included in the line item "Accrued expenses" in Statement 3 "Consolidated Financial Position at December 31" of Part II, Item 8 "Financial Statements and Supplementary Data." There is no more than a remote chance that a material amount for remedial activities at any individual site, or at all the sites in the aggregate, will be required. 
 
 Available Information 
 
 The company files electronically with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) required reports on Form 8-K, Form 10-Q, Form 10-K and Form 11-K; proxy materials; ownership reports for insiders as required by Section 16 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (Exchange Act); registration statements on Forms S-3 and S-8, as necessary; and other forms or reports as required. The SEC maintains a website (www.sec.gov) that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC. The company maintains a website (www.Caterpillar.com) and copies of our annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and any amendments to these reports filed or furnished with the SEC are available free of charge through our website (www.Caterpillar.com/secfilings) as soon as reasonably practicable after filing with the SEC. Copies of our board committee charters, our board s Guidelines on Corporate Governance Issues, Worldwide Code of Conduct and other corporate governance information are available on our website (www.Caterpillar.com/governance). The information contained on the company s website is not included in, or incorporated by reference into, this annual report on Form 10-K. 
 
 Additional company information may be obtained as follows: 
 
 Current information - 
 
 view additional financial information on-line at www.Caterpillar.com/en/investors/financial-information.html 
 
 request, view or download materials on-line or register for email alerts at www.Caterpillar.com/materialsrequest 
 
 Historical information - 
 
 view/download on-line at www.Caterpillar.com/historical 
 
 9 

Table of Contents 

 Item 1A. Risk Factors. 
 
 The statements in this section describe the most significant risks to our business and should be considered carefully in conjunction with Part II, Item 7 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements of Part II, Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data to this Form 10-K. In addition, the statements in this section and other sections of this Form 10-K, including in Part II, Item 7 Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, include forward-looking statements as that term is defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and involve uncertainties that could significantly impact results. Forward-looking statements give current expectations or forecasts of future events about the company or our outlook. You can identify forward-looking statements by the fact they do not relate to historical or current facts and by the use of words such as believe, expect, estimate, anticipate, will be, should, plan, forecast, target, guide, project, intend, could and similar words or expressions. 
 
 Forward-looking statements are based on assumptions and on known risks and uncertainties. Although we believe we have been prudent in our assumptions, any or all of our forward-looking statements may prove to be inaccurate, and we can make no guarantees about our future performance. Should known or unknown risks or uncertainties materialize or underlying assumptions prove inaccurate, actual results could materially differ from past results and/or those anticipated, estimated or projected. 
 
 We undertake no obligation to publicly update forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. You should, however, consult any subsequent disclosures we make in our filings with the SEC on Form 10-Q or Form 8-K. 
 
 The following is a cautionary discussion of risks, uncertainties and assumptions that we believe are material to our business. In addition to the factors discussed elsewhere in this report, the following are some of the important factors that, individually or in the aggregate, we believe could make our actual results differ materially from those described in any forward-looking statements. It is impossible to predict or identify all such factors and, as a result, you should not consider the following factors to be a complete discussion of risks, uncertainties and assumptions. 
 
 MACROECONOMIC RISKS 
 
 Our business and the industries we serve are highly sensitive to global and regional economic conditions. 
 
 Our results of operations are materially affected by economic conditions globally and regionally and in the particular industries we serve. The demand for our products and services tends to be cyclical and can be significantly reduced in periods of economic weakness characterized by lower levels of government and business investment, lower levels of business confidence, lower corporate earnings, high real interest rates, lower credit activity or tighter credit conditions, perceived or actual industry overcapacity, higher unemployment and lower consumer spending. A prolonged period of economic weakness may also result in increased expenses due to higher allowances for doubtful accounts and potential goodwill and asset impairment charges. Economic conditions vary across regions and countries, and demand for our products and services generally increases in those regions and countries experiencing economic growth and investment. Slower economic growth or a change in the global mix of regions and countries experiencing economic growth and investment could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 The energy, transportation, and mining industries are significant adopters of Caterpillar products. In these industries customers are likely to base their purchase decisions upon expected future commodity dynamics, including price. Commodity prices, especially in the post-COVID period, have experienced frequent volatility. Volatility in these markets may be abrupt and unpredictable in response to global economic conditions, government actions, regulatory changes, supply/demand dynamics, innovation, and commodity substitutions among others. Economic conditions affecting the industries we serve may reduce capital expenditures in response to a variety of the aforementioned conditions. Reduction in these capital expenditures may lead to decreased demand for Caterpillar products and services as well as aftermarket parts as customers may choose to extend preventative maintenance and delay overhauls when possible. 
 
 The rates of infrastructure spending, commercial construction and housing starts also play a significant role in our results. Our products are an integral component of these activities, and as these activities decrease, demand for our products and services may be significantly impacted, which could negatively impact our results. 
 
 10 

Table of Contents 

 Catastrophic events, including global pandemics such as the COVID-19 pandemic, could materially adversely affect 
 our business, results of operations and/or financial condition. 
 
 The occurrence of a major earthquake, fire, flood, tsunami or other weather event, power loss, telecommunications failure, software or hardware malfunctions, pandemics (including the COVID-19 pandemic), cyber-attack, war, terrorist attack or other catastrophic event that our disaster recovery plans do not adequately address, could adversely affect our employees, our systems, our ability to produce and distribute our products, and our reputation. For example, the COVID-19 pandemic has had, and continues to have, a significant impact around the world, prompting governments and businesses to take unprecedented measures in response. Such measures have included travel bans and restrictions, quarantines, shelter in place orders and shutdowns. These measures have impacted and may continue to impact all or portions of our workforce and operations and the operations of our customers, dealers and suppliers. Although certain restrictions related to the COVID-19 pandemic have eased, uncertainty continues to exist regarding such measures and potential future measures. Current material and component shortages, logistics constraints and labor inefficiencies have limited and could continue to limit our ability to meet customer demand, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and/or financial condition. 
 
 The COVID-19 pandemic has significantly increased economic and customer demand uncertainty, has caused inflationary pressure in the U.S. and elsewhere and has led to volatility in customer demand for the Company s products and services and caused supply chain disruptions. Economic uncertainties could continue to affect customer demand for the Company s products and services, the value of the equipment financed or leased, the demand for financing and the financial condition and credit risk of our dealers and customers. 
 
 A catastrophic event resulting in the destruction or disruption of our workforce, our systems, our ability to produce and distribute our products, any of our data centers or our critical business or information technology systems could adversely affect our ability to conduct normal business operations and our operating results or cash flows. The adverse effects of any such catastrophic event would be exacerbated if experienced at the same time as another unexpected and adverse event, such as the COVID-19 pandemic. 
 
 Commodity price changes, material price increases, fluctuations in demand for our products and services, significant disruptions to our supply chains or significant shortages of labor and material may adversely impact our financial results or our ability to meet commitments to customers. 
 
 We are a significant user of steel and many other commodities required for the manufacture of our products. Increases in the prices of such commodities would increase our costs, negatively impacting our business, results of operations and financial condition if we are unable to fully offset the effect of these increased costs through price increases, productivity improvements or cost reduction programs. 
 
 We rely on suppliers to produce or secure material required for the manufacture of our products. Production challenges at suppliers (including suppliers of semiconductors), a disruption in deliveries to or from suppliers or decreased availability of raw materials or commodities could have an adverse effect on our ability to meet our commitments to customers or increase our operating costs. On the other hand, in circumstances where demand for our products is less than we expect, we may experience excess inventories and be forced to incur additional costs and our profitability may suffer. Additionally, we have experienced and expect to continue to experience transportation delays for parts, components and finished machines due to capacity constraints and congestion at ports throughout the globe although the situation has improved compared to recent periods. Our business, competitive position, results of operations or financial condition could be negatively impacted if supply is insufficient for our operations, if significant transportation delays interfere with deliveries, if we experience excess inventories or if we are unable to adjust our production schedules or our purchases from suppliers to reflect changes in customer demand and market fluctuations on a timely basis. 
 
 Changes in government monetary or fiscal policies may negatively impact our results . 
 
 Most countries where our products and services are sold have established central banks to regulate monetary systems and influence economic activities, generally by adjusting interest rates. Interest rate changes affect overall economic growth, which affects demand for residential and nonresidential structures, as well as energy and mined products, which in turn affects sales of our products and services that support these activities. Interest rate changes may also affect our customers ability to finance machine purchases, can change the optimal time to keep machines in a fleet and can impact the ability of our suppliers to finance the production of parts and components necessary to manufacture and support our products. Increases in interest rates could negatively impact sales and create supply chain inefficiencies. 
 
 11 

Table of Contents 

 Central banks and other policy arms of many countries may take actions to vary the amount of liquidity and credit available in an economy. The impact from a change in liquidity and credit policies could negatively affect the customers and markets we serve or our suppliers, create supply chain inefficiencies and could adversely impact our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 Changes in monetary and fiscal policies, along with other factors, may cause currency exchange rates to fluctuate. Actions that lead the currency exchange rate of a country where we manufacture products to increase relative to other currencies could reduce the competitiveness of products made in that country, which could adversely affect our competitive position, results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 Government policies on taxes and spending also affect our business. Throughout the world, government spending finances a significant portion of infrastructure development, such as highways, rail systems, airports, sewer and water systems, waterways and dams. Tax regulations determine asset depreciation lives and impact the after-tax returns on business activity and investment, both of which influence investment decisions. Unfavorable developments, such as decisions to reduce public spending or to increase taxes, could negatively impact our results. 
 
 Our global operations are exposed to political and economic risks, commercial instability and events beyond our control in the countries in which we operate. 
 
 Our global operations are dependent upon products manufactured, purchased and sold in the U.S. and internationally, including in countries with political and economic instability or uncertainty. Some countries have greater political and economic volatility and greater vulnerability to infrastructure and labor disruptions than others. Our business could be negatively impacted by adverse fluctuations in freight costs, fuel costs (e.g., diesel, bunker, jet), limitations on shipping and receiving capacity, and other disruptions in the transportation and shipping infrastructure at important geographic points of exit and entry for our products. Operating in different regions and countries exposes us to numerous risks, including: 
 
 multiple and potentially conflicting laws, regulations and policies that are subject to change; 
 
 imposition of currency restrictions, restrictions on repatriation of earnings or other restraints; 
 
 imposition of new or additional tariffs or quotas; 
 
 withdrawal from or modification of trade agreements or the negotiation of new trade agreements; 
 
 imposition of new or additional trade and economic sanctions laws imposed by the U.S. or foreign governments; 
 
 war or acts of terrorism; and 
 
 political and economic instability or civil unrest that may severely disrupt economic activity in affected countries. 
 
 The occurrence of one or more of these events may negatively impact our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 OPERATIONAL RISKS 
 
 The success of our business depends on our ability to develop, produce and market quality products that meet our customers needs. 
 
 Our business relies on continued global demand for our brands and products. To achieve business goals, we must develop and sell products that appeal to our dealers, OEMs and end-user customers. This is dependent on a number of factors, including our ability to maintain key dealer relationships; our ability to produce products that meet the quality, performance and price expectations of our customers and our ability to develop effective sales, advertising and marketing programs. In addition, our continued success in selling products that appeal to our customers is dependent on leading-edge innovation, with respect to both products and operations, and on the availability and effectiveness of legal protection for our innovations. Failure to continue to deliver high quality, innovative, competitive products to the marketplace, to adequately protect our intellectual property rights; to supply products that meet applicable regulatory requirements, including engine exhaust emission requirements or to predict market demands for, or gain market acceptance of, our products, could have a negative impact on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 12 

Table of Contents 

 We operate in a highly competitive environment, which could adversely affect our sales and pricing. 
 
 We operate in a highly competitive environment. We compete on the basis of a variety of factors, including product performance, customer service, quality and price. There can be no assurance that our products will be able to compete successfully with other companies products. Thus, our share of industry sales could be reduced due to aggressive pricing or product strategies pursued by competitors, unanticipated product or manufacturing difficulties, our failure to price our products competitively, our failure to produce our products at a competitive cost or an unexpected buildup in competitors new machine or dealer-owned rental fleets, which could lead to downward pressure on machine rental rates and/or used equipment prices. 
 
 Lack of customer acceptance of price increases we announce from time to time, changes in customer requirements for price discounts, changes in our customers behavior or a weak pricing environment could have an adverse impact on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 In addition, our results and ability to compete may be impacted negatively by changes in our geographic and product mix of sales. 
 
 Increased information technology security threats and more sophisticated computer crime pose a risk to our systems, networks, products and services. 
 
 We rely upon information technology systems and networks, some of which are managed by third parties, in connection with a variety of business activities. Additionally, we collect and store sensitive information relating to our business, customers, dealers, suppliers and employees. Operating these information technology systems and networks and processing and maintaining this data in a secure manner, is critical to our business operations and strategy. Information technology security threats -- from user error to cybersecurity attacks designed to gain unauthorized access to our systems, networks and data -- are increasing in frequency and sophistication. Cybersecurity attacks from threat actors globally range from random attempts to coordinated and targeted attacks, including sophisticated computer crime and advanced persistent threats. These threats pose a risk to the security of our systems and networks and the confidentiality, availability and integrity of our data. Cybersecurity attacks could also include attacks targeting customer data or the security, integrity and/or reliability of the hardware and software installed in our products. It is possible that our information technology systems and networks, or those managed or provided by third parties, could have vulnerabilities, which could go unnoticed for a period of time. While various procedures and controls have been and are being utilized to mitigate such risks, there can be no guarantee that the actions and controls we have implemented and are implementing, or which we cause or have caused third-party service providers to implement, will be sufficient to protect and mitigate associated risks to our systems, information or other property. 
 We have experienced cyber security threats and vulnerabilities in our systems and those of our third party providers, and we have experienced viruses and attacks targeting our information technology systems and networks. Such prior events, to date, have not had a material impact on our financial condition, results of operations or liquidity. However, the potential consequences of a future material cybersecurity attack include reputational damage, litigation with third parties, government enforcement actions, penalties, disruption to systems, unauthorized release of confidential or otherwise protected information, corruption of data, diminution in the value of our investment in research, development and engineering, and increased cybersecurity protection and remediation costs, which in turn could adversely affect our competitiveness, results of operations and financial condition. Due to the evolving nature of such security threats, the potential impact of any future incident cannot be predicted. Further, the amount of insurance coverage we maintain may be inadequate to cover claims or liabilities relating to a cybersecurity attack. 
 In addition, data we collect, store and process are subject to a variety of U.S. and international laws and regulations, such as the European Union's General Data Protection Regulation and the California Consumer Privacy Act, which may carry significant potential penalties for noncompliance. 
 
 13 

Table of Contents 

 Our business is subject to the inventory management decisions and sourcing practices of our dealers and our OEM customers. 
 
 We sell finished products primarily through an independent dealer network and directly to OEMs and are subject to risks relating to their inventory management decisions and operational and sourcing practices. Both carry inventories of finished products as part of ongoing operations and adjust those inventories based on their assessments of future needs and market conditions, including levels of used equipment inventory and machine rental usage rates. Such adjustments may impact our results positively or negatively. If the inventory levels of our dealers and OEM customers are higher than they desire, they may postpone product purchases from us, which could cause our sales to be lower than the end-user demand for our products and negatively impact our results. Similarly, our results could be negatively impacted through the loss of time-sensitive sales if our dealers and OEM customers do not maintain inventory levels sufficient to meet customer demand. 
 
 We may not realize all of the anticipated benefits of our acquisitions, joint ventures or divestitures, or these benefits may take longer to realize than expected. 
 
 In pursuing our business strategy, we routinely evaluate targets and enter into agreements regarding possible acquisitions, divestitures and joint ventures. We often compete with others for the same opportunities. To be successful, we conduct due diligence to identify valuation issues and potential loss contingencies, negotiate transaction terms, complete complex transactions and manage post-closing matters such as the integration of acquired businesses. Further, while we seek to mitigate risks and liabilities of such transactions through due diligence, among other things, there may be risks and liabilities that our due diligence efforts fail to discover, that are not accurately or completely disclosed to us or that we inadequately assess. We may incur unanticipated costs or expenses following a completed acquisition, including post-closing asset impairment charges, expenses associated with eliminating duplicate facilities, litigation, and other liabilities. Risks associated with our past or future acquisitions also include the following: 
 
 the failure to achieve the acquisition's revenue or profit forecast; 
 
 the business culture of the acquired business may not match well with our culture; 
 
 technological and product synergies, economies of scale and cost reductions may not occur as expected; 
 
 unforeseen expenses, delays or conditions may be imposed upon the acquisition, including due to required regulatory approvals or consents; 
 
 we may acquire or assume unexpected liabilities or be subject to unexpected penalties or other enforcement actions; 
 
 faulty assumptions may be made regarding the macroeconomic environment or the integration process; 
 
 unforeseen difficulties may arise in integrating operations, processes and systems; 
 
 higher than expected investments may be required to implement necessary compliance processes and related systems, including information technology systems, accounting systems and internal controls over financial reporting; 
 
 we may fail to retain, motivate and integrate key management and other employees of the acquired business; 
 
 higher than expected costs may arise due to unforeseen changes in tax, trade, environmental, labor, safety, payroll or pension policies in any jurisdiction in which the acquired business conducts its operations; and 
 
 we may experience problems in retaining customers and integrating customer bases. 
 
 Many of these factors will be outside of our control and any one of them could result in increased costs, decreases in the amount of expected revenues and diversion of management s time and attention. They may also delay the realization of the benefits we anticipate when we enter into a transaction. 
 
 In order to conserve cash for operations, we may undertake acquisitions financed in part through public offerings or private placements of debt or equity securities, or other arrangements. Such acquisition financing could result in a decrease in our earnings and adversely affect other leverage measures. If we issue equity securities or equity-linked securities, the issued securities may have a dilutive effect on the interests of the holders of our common shares. 
 
 14 

Table of Contents 

 Failure to implement our acquisition strategy, including successfully integrating acquired businesses, could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Furthermore, we make strategic divestitures from time to time. In the case of divestitures, we may agree to indemnify acquiring parties for certain liabilities arising from our former businesses. These divestitures may also result in continued financial involvement in the divested businesses following the transaction, including through guarantees or other financial arrangements. Lower performance by those divested businesses could affect our future financial results. 
 
 Union disputes or other labor matters could adversely affect our operations and financial results. 
 
 Some of our employees are represented by labor unions in a number of countries under various collective bargaining agreements with varying durations and expiration dates. There can be no assurance that any current or future issues with our employees will be resolved or that we will not encounter future strikes, work stoppages or other disputes with labor unions or our employees. We may not be able to satisfactorily renegotiate collective bargaining agreements in the United States and other countries when they expire. If we fail to renegotiate our existing collective bargaining agreements, we could encounter strikes or work stoppages or other disputes with labor unions. In addition, existing collective bargaining agreements may not prevent a strike or work stoppage at our facilities in the future. We may also be subject to general country strikes or work stoppages unrelated to our business or collective bargaining agreements. A work stoppage or other limitations on production at our facilities for any reason could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. In addition, many of our customers and suppliers have unionized work forces. Strikes or work stoppages experienced by our customers or suppliers could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 Unexpected events may increase our cost of doing business or disrupt our operations. 
 
 The occurrence of one or more unexpected events, including war, acts of terrorism or violence, civil unrest, fires, tornadoes, tsunamis, hurricanes, earthquakes, floods and other forms of severe weather in the United States or in other countries in which we operate or in which our suppliers are located could adversely affect our operations and financial performance. Natural disasters, pandemic illness, such as COVID-19, equipment failures, power outages or other unexpected events could result in physical damage to and complete or partial closure of one or more of our manufacturing facilities or distribution centers, temporary or long-term disruption in the supply of component products from some local and international suppliers, and disruption and delay in the transport of our products to dealers, end-users and distribution centers. Existing insurance coverage may not provide protection for all of the costs that may arise from such events. 
 
 FINANCIAL RISKS 
 
 Disruptions or volatility in global financial markets could limit our sources of liquidity, or the liquidity of our customers, dealers and suppliers. 
 
 Continuing to meet our cash requirements over the long-term requires substantial liquidity and access to varied sources of funds, including capital and credit markets. Global economic conditions may cause volatility and disruptions in the capital and credit markets. Market volatility, changes in counterparty credit risk, the impact of government intervention in financial markets and general economic conditions may also adversely impact our ability to access capital and credit markets to fund operating needs. Global or regional economic downturns could cause financial markets to decrease the availability of liquidity, credit and credit capacity for certain issuers, including certain customers, dealers and suppliers. An inability to access capital and credit markets may have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and competitive position. Furthermore, changes in global economic conditions, including material cost increases and decreases in economic activity in key markets we serve, and the success of plans to manage cost increases, inventory and other important elements of our business may significantly impact our ability to generate funds from operations. 
 
 In addition, demand for our products generally depends on customers ability to pay for our products, which, in turn, depends on their access to funds. Changes in global economic conditions may result in customers experiencing increased difficulty in generating funds from operations. Capital and credit market volatility and uncertainty may cause financial institutions to revise their lending standards, resulting in customers decreased access to capital. If capital and credit market volatility occurs, customers liquidity may decline which, in turn, would reduce their ability to purchase our products. 
 
 15 

Table of Contents 

 Failure to maintain our credit ratings could increase our cost of borrowing and could adversely affect our cost of funds, liquidity, competitive position and access to capital markets. 
 
 Each of Caterpillar s and Cat Financial s costs of borrowing and their respective ability to access the capital markets are affected not only by market conditions but also by the short- and long-term credit ratings assigned to their respective debt by the major credit rating agencies. These ratings are based, in significant part, on each of Caterpillar s and Cat Financial s performance as measured by financial metrics such as net worth, interest coverage and leverage ratios, as well as transparency with rating agencies and timeliness of financial reporting. There can be no assurance that Caterpillar and Cat Financial will be able to maintain their credit ratings. We receive debt ratings from the major credit rating agencies. A downgrade of our credit rating by any of the major credit rating agencies could result in increased borrowing costs and could adversely affect Caterpillar s and Cat Financial s liquidity, competitive position and access to the capital markets, including restricting, in whole or in part, access to the commercial paper market. There can be no assurance that the commercial paper market will continue to be a reliable source of short-term financing for Cat Financial or an available source of short-term financing for Caterpillar. An inability to access the capital markets could have an adverse effect on our cash flow, results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 Our Financial Products segment is subject to risks associated with the financial services industry. 
 
 Cat Financial is significant to our operations and provides financing support for a significant share of our global sales. The inability of Cat Financial to access funds to support its financing activities to our customers could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 Continuing to meet Cat Financial's cash requirements over the long-term could require substantial liquidity and access to sources of funds, including capital and credit markets. Cat Financial has continued to maintain access to key global medium-term note and commercial paper markets, but there can be no assurance that such markets will continue to represent a reliable source of financing. If global economic conditions were to deteriorate, Cat Financial could face materially higher financing costs, become unable to access adequate funding to operate and grow its business and/or meet its debt service obligations as they mature. Cat Financial also could be required to draw upon contractually committed lending agreements and/or seek other funding sources. However, there can be no assurance that such agreements and other funding sources would be sufficient or even available under extreme market conditions. Any of these events could negatively impact Cat Financial s business, as well as our and Cat Financial's results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 Market disruption and volatility may also lead to numerous risks in connection with these events, including but not limited to: 
 
 Market developments that may affect customer confidence levels and cause declines in the demand for financing and adverse changes in payment patterns, causing increases in delinquencies and default rates, which could increase Cat Financial s write-offs and provision for credit losses. 
 
 The process Cat Financial uses to estimate losses inherent in its credit exposure requires a high degree of management s judgment regarding numerous subjective qualitative factors, including forecasts of economic conditions and how economic predictors might impair the ability of its borrowers to repay their loans. Financial market disruption and volatility may impact the accuracy of these judgments. 
 
 Cat Financial s ability to engage in routine funding transactions or to borrow from other financial institutions on acceptable terms or at all could be adversely affected by disruptions in the capital markets or other events, including actions by rating agencies and deteriorating investor expectations. 
 
 As Cat Financial s borrowing agreements are primarily with financial institutions, their ability to perform in accordance with any of our underlying agreements could be adversely affected by market volatility and/or disruptions in financial markets. 
 16 

Table of Contents 

 Changes in interest rates or market liquidity conditions could adversely affect Cat Financial's and our earnings and/or cash flow. 
 
 Changes in interest rates and market liquidity conditions could have an adverse impact on Cat Financial's and our earnings and cash flows. While interest rates had remained at historically low levels in recent years, the Federal Reserve Board significantly increased the federal funds rate in 2022 and has indicated that it expects continued increases in interest rates in 2023 and 2024 to combat rising inflation in the U.S. Because a significant number of the loans made by Cat Financial are made utilizing fixed interest rates, its business results are subject to fluctuations in interest rates. Certain loans made by Cat Financial and various financing extended to Cat Financial are made at variable rates that use LIBOR as a benchmark for establishing the interest rate. 
 
 LIBOR is the subject of recent proposals for reform. On July 27, 2017, the United Kingdom s Financial Conduct Authority ("FCA") announced that it intends to stop persuading or compelling banks to submit LIBOR rates after 2021. Immediately following the LIBOR publication on December 31, 2021, ICE Benchmark Administration ("IBA") ceased the publication of all GBP, EUR, CHF and JPY LIBOR settings, as well as the one-week and two-month USD LIBOR tenors. On November 30, 2020, IBA, with the support of the United States Federal Reserve and the FCA, announced plans to consult on ceasing publication of all other remaining USD LIBOR tenors on June 30, 2023. While the November 30 announcement extended the transition period to June 2023, the United States Federal Reserve concurrently issued a statement advising banks to stop new USD LIBOR issuances by the end of 2021. Further, on March 15, 2022, the Consolidated Appropriations Act of 2022, which includes the Adjustable Interest Rate (LIBOR) Act, was signed into law in the U.S. This legislation establishes a uniform benchmark replacement process for financial contracts maturing after June 30, 2023 that do not contain clearly defined or practicable fallback provisions. The legislation also creates a safe harbor that shields lenders from litigation if they choose to utilize a replacement rate recommended by the Federal Reserve. The Alternative Reference Rate Committee, a committee convened by the Federal Reserve that includes major market participants, has identified the Secured Overnight Financing Rate, or SOFR, a new index calculated by short-term repurchase agreements, backed by Treasury securities, as its preferred alternative rate for LIBOR. At this time, it is not possible to predict how markets will respond to SOFR or other alternative reference rates as the transition away from the LIBOR benchmarks is anticipated in coming years. There continue to be uncertainties regarding the transition from LIBOR, including but not limited to the need to renegotiate certain terms of our loan agreements with LIBOR as the referenced rate, which could require us to incur significant expense and may subject us to disputes or litigation over the appropriateness or comparability to LIBOR of the replacement reference rates. 
 
 The consequences of these developments cannot be entirely predicted and could have an adverse impact on the market value for or value of LIBOR-linked securities, loans, derivatives, and other financial obligations or extensions of credit held by or due to Cat Financial, as well as the revenue and expenses associated with those securities, loans and financial instruments. Cat Financial created a cross-functional team that assesses risk across multiple categories as it relates to the use of LIBOR in securities, loans, derivatives, and other financial obligations or extensions of credit held by or due to us. Other changes in market interest rates may influence Cat Financial s borrowing costs and could reduce its and our earnings and cash flows, returns on financial investments and the valuation of derivative contracts. Cat Financial manages interest rate and market liquidity risks through a variety of techniques that include a match funding strategy, the selective use of derivatives and a broadly diversified funding program. There can be no assurance, however, that fluctuations in interest rates and market liquidity conditions will not have an adverse impact on its and our earnings and cash flows. If any of the variety of instruments and strategies Cat Financial uses to hedge its exposure to these types of risk is ineffective, this may have an adverse impact on our earnings and cash flows. With respect to Insurance Services' investment activities, changes in the equity and bond markets could result in a decline in value of its investment portfolio, resulting in an unfavorable impact to earnings. 
 
 An increase in delinquencies, repossessions or net losses of Cat Financial customers could adversely affect its results. 
 
 Inherent in the operation of Cat Financial is the credit risk associated with its customers. The creditworthiness of each customer and the rate of delinquencies, repossessions and net losses on customer obligations are directly impacted by several factors, including relevant industry and economic conditions, the availability of capital, the experience and expertise of the customer's management team, commodity prices, political events and the sustained value of the underlying collateral. Any increase in delinquencies, repossessions and net losses on customer obligations could have a material adverse effect on Cat Financial's and our earnings and cash flows. Cat Financial evaluates and adjusts its allowance for credit losses related to past due and non-performing receivables on a regular basis. However, adverse economic conditions or other factors that might cause deterioration of the financial health of its customers could change the timing and level of payments received and necessitate an increase in Cat Financial's estimated losses, which could also have a material adverse effect on Cat Financial's and our earnings and cash flows. 
 
 17 

Table of Contents 

 Currency exchange rate fluctuations affect our results of operations. 
 
 We conduct operations in many countries involving transactions denominated in a variety of currencies. We are subject to currency-exchange rate risk to the extent that our costs are denominated in currencies other than those in which we earn revenues. Fluctuations in currency exchange rates have had, and will continue to have, an impact on our results as expressed in U.S. dollars. There can be no assurance that currency exchange rate fluctuations will not adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. While the use of currency hedging instruments may provide us with protection from adverse fluctuations in currency exchange rates, by utilizing these instruments we potentially forego the benefits that might result from favorable fluctuations in currency exchange rates. In addition, our outlooks do not assume fluctuations in currency exchange rates. Adverse fluctuations in currency exchange rates from the date of our outlooks could cause our actual results to differ materially from those anticipated in any outlooks and adversely impact our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 We also face risks arising from the imposition of exchange controls and currency devaluations. Exchange controls may limit our ability to convert foreign currencies into U.S. dollars or to remit dividends and other payments by our foreign subsidiaries or businesses located in or conducted within a country imposing controls. Currency devaluations result in a diminished value of funds denominated in the currency of the country instituting the devaluation. 
 
 Restrictive covenants in our debt agreements could limit our financial and operating flexibility. 
 
 We maintain a number of credit facilities to support general corporate purposes (facilities) and have issued debt securities to manage liquidity and fund operations (debt securities). The agreements relating to a number of the facilities and the debt securities contain certain restrictive covenants applicable to us and certain subsidiaries, including Cat Financial. These covenants include maintaining a minimum consolidated net worth (defined as the consolidated shareholder s equity including preferred stock but excluding the pension and other post-retirement benefits balance within accumulated other comprehensive income (loss)), limitations on the incurrence of liens and certain restrictions on consolidation and merger. Cat Financial has also agreed under certain of these agreements not to exceed a certain leverage ratio (consolidated debt to consolidated net worth, calculated (1) on a monthly basis as the average of the leverage ratios determined on the last day of each of the six preceding calendar months and (2) at each December 31), to maintain a minimum interest coverage ratio (profit excluding income taxes, interest expense and net gain/(loss) from interest rate derivatives to interest expense, calculated at the end of each calendar quarter for the rolling four quarter period then most recently ended) and not to terminate, amend or modify its support agreement with us. 
 
 A breach of one or more of the covenants could result in adverse consequences that could negatively impact our business, results of operations and financial condition. These consequences may include the acceleration of amounts outstanding under certain of the facilities, triggering of an obligation to redeem certain debt securities, termination of existing unused commitments by our lenders, refusal by our lenders to extend further credit under one or more of the facilities or to enter into new facilities or the lowering or modification of our credit ratings or those of one or more of our subsidiaries. 
 
 Sustained increases in funding obligations under our pension plans may impair our liquidity or financial condition. 
 
 We maintain certain defined benefit pension plans for our employees, which impose on us certain funding obligations. We use many assumptions in determining our future payment obligations under the plans. Significant adverse changes in credit or capital markets could result in actual rates of return on pension investments being materially lower than projected and result in increased contribution requirements. We may be required to make material contributions to our pension plans in the future and may fund contributions through the use of cash on hand, the proceeds of borrowings, shares of our common stock or a combination of the foregoing, as permitted by applicable law. These factors could significantly increase our payment obligations under the plans, and as a result, adversely affect our business and overall financial condition. 
 
 18 

Table of Contents 

 LEGAL REGULATORY RISKS 
 
 Our global operations are subject to a wide-range of trade and anti-corruption laws and regulations. 
 
 Due to the international scope of our operations, we are subject to a complex system of import- and export-related laws and regulations. These include U.S. regulations issued by Customs and Border Protection, the Bureau of Industry and Security, the Office of Antiboycott Compliance, the Directorate of Defense Trade Controls and the Office of Foreign Assets Control, as well as the counterparts of these agencies in other countries. Any alleged or actual violations may subject us to increased government scrutiny, investigation and civil and criminal penalties, and may limit our ability to import or export our products or to provide services outside the United States. Furthermore, embargoes and sanctions imposed by the U.S. and other governments restricting or prohibiting sales to specific persons or countries or based on product classification may expose us to potential criminal and civil sanctions. We cannot predict the nature, scope or effect of future regulatory requirements to which our operations might be subject. We also cannot predict in certain locations the manner in which existing laws might be administered or interpreted. 
 
 In addition, the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and similar foreign anti-corruption laws generally prohibit companies and their intermediaries from making improper payments or providing anything of value to improperly influence foreign government officials for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business or obtaining an unfair advantage. Recent years have seen a substantial increase in the global enforcement of anti-corruption laws. Our operations outside the United States, including in developing countries, expose us to the risk of such violations. Violations of anti-corruption laws or regulations by our employees, intermediaries acting on our behalf, or our joint venture partners may result in severe criminal or civil sanctions. Violations may also disrupt our business, and may result in an adverse effect on our reputation, business and results of operations or financial condition. 
 
 International trade policies may impact demand for our products and our competitive position. 
 
 Government policies on international trade and investment such as import quotas, capital controls or tariffs, whether adopted by individual governments or addressed by regional trade blocs, can affect the demand for our products and services, impact the competitive position of our products or prevent us from being able to sell products in certain countries. The implementation of more restrictive trade policies (such as more detailed inspections, higher tariffs or new barriers to entry) in countries where we sell large quantities of products and services could negatively impact our business, results of operations and financial condition. For example, a government s adoption of buy national policies or retaliation by another government against such policies could have a negative impact on our results of operations. 
 
 We may incur additional tax expense or become subject to additional tax exposure. 
 
 We are subject to income taxes in the United States and numerous other jurisdictions. Our future results of operations could be adversely affected by changes in the effective tax rate as a result of a change in the mix of earnings between U.S. and non-U.S. jurisdictions or among jurisdictions with differing statutory tax rates. In addition, our future results of operations could also be adversely affected by changes in our overall profitability, changes in tax laws or treaties or in their application or interpretation, changes in tax rates, changes in generally accepted accounting principles, changes in the valuation of deferred tax assets and liabilities, changes in the amount of earnings indefinitely reinvested in certain non-U.S. jurisdictions, the results of audits and examinations of previously filed tax returns and continuing assessments of our tax exposures. We are also subject to the continuous examination of our income tax returns by the U.S. Internal Revenue Service and other tax authorities. We regularly assess the likelihood of an adverse outcome resulting from these examinations. If our effective tax rates were to increase, or if the ultimate determination of our taxes owed is for an amount in excess of amounts previously accrued, our operating results, cash flows and financial condition could be adversely affected. For information regarding additional legal matters related to our taxes, please see Note 6 Income taxes and Note 22 Environmental and legal matters of Part II, Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data to this Annual Report on Form 10-K . 
 19 

Table of Contents 

Costs associated with lawsuits or investigations or adverse rulings in enforcement or other legal proceedings may have an adverse effect on our results of operations. 
 
 We are subject to a variety of legal proceedings and legal compliance risks in virtually every part of the world. We face risk of exposure to various types of claims, lawsuits and government investigations. We are involved in various claims and lawsuits related to product design, manufacture and performance liability (including claimed asbestos exposure), contracts, employment issues, environmental matters, intellectual property rights, tax, securities and other legal proceedings that arise in and outside of the ordinary course of our business. The industries in which we operate are also periodically reviewed or investigated by regulators, which could lead to enforcement actions, fines and penalties or the assertion of private litigation claims. It is not possible to predict with certainty the outcome of claims, investigations and lawsuits, and we could in the future incur judgments, fines or penalties or enter into settlements of lawsuits and claims that could have an adverse effect on our reputation, business, results of operations or financial condition in any particular period. 
 
 The global and diverse nature of our operations means that legal and compliance risks will continue to exist and additional legal proceedings and other contingencies, the outcome of which cannot be predicted with certainty, may arise from time to time. In addition, subsequent developments in legal proceedings may affect our assessment and estimates of loss contingencies recorded as a reserve and require us to make payments in excess of our reserves. Such payments could have an adverse effect on our reputation, business and results of operations or financial condition. 
 
 New regulations or changes in financial services regulation could adversely impact Caterpillar and Cat Financial. 
 
 Cat Financial s operations are highly regulated by governmental authorities in the locations where it operates, which can impose significant additional costs and/or restrictions on its business. In the United States, for example, certain Cat Financial activities are subject to the U.S. Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (Dodd-Frank), which includes extensive provisions regulating the financial services industry. As a result, Cat Financial has become and could continue to become subject to additional regulatory costs that could be significant and have an adverse effect on Cat Financial s and our results of operations and financial condition. Changes in regulations or additional regulations in the United States or internationally impacting the financial services industry could also add significant cost or operational constraints that might have an adverse effect on Cat Financial s and our results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 We are subject to stringent environmental laws and regulations that impose significant compliance costs. 
 
 Our facilities, operations and products are subject to increasingly stringent environmental laws and regulations globally, including laws and regulations governing emissions to noise, air, releases to soil and discharges to water and the generation, handling, storage, transportation, treatment and disposal of non-hazardous and hazardous waste materials. Some environmental laws impose strict, retroactive and joint and several liability for the remediation of the release of hazardous substances, even for conduct that was lawful at the time it occurred, or for the conduct of, or conditions caused by, prior operators, predecessors or other third parties. Failure to comply with environmental laws could expose us to penalties or clean-up costs, civil or criminal liability and sanctions on certain of our activities, as well as damage to property or natural resources. The potential liabilities, sanctions, damages and remediation efforts related to any non-compliance with such laws and regulations could negatively impact our ability to conduct our operations and our financial condition and results of operations. In addition, there can be no assurances that we will not be adversely affected by costs, liabilities or claims with respect to existing or subsequently acquired operations or under present laws and regulations or those that may be adopted or imposed in the future. 
 
 Environmental laws and regulations may change from time to time, as may related interpretations and other guidance. Changes in environmental laws or regulations could result in higher expenses and payments. Uncertainty relating to environmental laws or regulations may also affect how we conduct our operations and structure our investments and could limit our ability to enforce our rights. Changes in environmental and climate change laws or regulations, including laws relating to greenhouse gas emissions, could lead to new or additional investment in product designs and could increase environmental compliance expenditures. Changes in climate change concerns, or in the regulation of such concerns, including greenhouse gas emissions, could subject us to additional costs and restrictions, including increased energy and raw materials costs. If environmental laws or regulations are either changed or adopted and impose significant operational restrictions and compliance requirements upon us or our products, they could negatively impact our reputation, business, capital expenditures, results of operations, financial condition and competitive position. 
 
 20 

Table of Contents 

 The Company s amended and restated bylaws provide that the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware will be the exclusive forum for certain legal actions between the Company and its shareholders, which could discourage claims or limit the ability of the Company s shareholders to bring a claim in a judicial forum viewed by the shareholders as more favorable for disputes with the Company or the Company s directors, officers or other employees. 
 
 The Company s amended and restated bylaws provide to the fullest extent permitted by law that unless the Company consents in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware will be the sole and exclusive forum for (i) any derivative action or proceeding brought on behalf of the Company, (ii) any action asserting a claim of breach of fiduciary duty owed by any director, officer or other employee of the Company to the Company or the Company s shareholders, (iii) any action asserting a claim against the Company or any director or officer or other employee of the Company arising pursuant to any provision of the Delaware General Corporation Law or the Company s certificate of incorporation or bylaws (as either may be amended from time to time) or (iv) any action asserting a claim against the Company or any director or officer or other employee of the Company governed by the internal affairs doctrine. 
 
 The exclusive forum provisions in our bylaws could limit our shareholders ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with the Company or its directors, officers or other employees. Alternatively, if a court were to find the choice of forum provision contained in the Company s amended and restated bylaws to be inapplicable or unenforceable in an action, the Company may incur additional costs associated with resolving such action in other jurisdictions. The exclusive forum provision in the Company s amended and restated bylaws will not preclude or contract the scope of exclusive federal or concurrent jurisdiction for actions brought under the federal securities laws including the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the respective rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. 
 
 None. 
 
 21 

Table of Contents 

 Item 1C. Executive Officers of the Registrant. 
 
 Name and age Present Caterpillar Inc. position and date of initial election Principal positions held during the past five years if other than Caterpillar Inc. position currently held D. James Umpleby III (64) Chairman of the Board (2018) and Chief Executive Officer (2017) Group President (2013-2016) Andrew R.J. Bonfield (60) Chief Financial Officer (2018) Group Chief Financial Officer for a multinational electricity and gas utility company (2010-2018) Bob De Lange (53) Group President (2017) Vice President (2015-2016), Worldwide Product Manager, Medium Wheel Loaders, (2013-2014) Denise C. Johnson (56) Group President (2016) Vice President (2012-2016) Joseph E. Creed (47) Group President (2021) Vice President, Oil Gas and Marine Division (2019-2020), Interim Chief Financial Officer (2018), Vice President, Finance Services Division (2017), Group Chief Financial Officer, Energy and Transportation (2013-2016) Anthony D. Fassino (52) Group President (2021) Vice President, Building Construction Products (2018-2020), Director of Worldwide Forestry Products (2016-2018) Suzette M. Long (57) Chief Legal Officer and General Counsel (2017) Interim Executive Vice President, Law and Public Policy (2017), Deputy General Counsel (2013-2017) Cheryl H. Johnson (62) Chief Human Resources Officer (2017) Executive Vice President of Human Resources for a global multi-industry aerospace, defense and industrial manufacturing company (2012-2017) William E. Schaupp (51) Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer (2022) Finance Director, Global Finance Services Division (2021-2022), Vice President and Controller and Chief Accounting Officer of PPG Industries, Inc. (2018-2021), Assistant Controller and Acting Controller for PPG Industries, Inc. (2018), Director Corporate Audit Services for PPG Industries, Inc. (2017-2018) 

Item 2. Properties. 
 
 General Information 
 Caterpillar s operations are highly integrated. Although the majority of our plants are involved primarily in production relating to our Construction Industries, Resource Industries or Energy Transportation segments, several plants are involved in manufacturing relating to more than one business segment. In addition, several plants reported in our financial statements under the All Other segment are involved in the manufacturing of components that are used in the assembly of products for more than one business segment. Caterpillar s parts distribution centers are involved in the storage and distribution of parts for Construction Industries, Resource Industries and Energy Transportation. The research and development activities carried on at our Technical Centers in Aurora and Mossville, Illinois involve products for Construction Industries, Resource Industries and Energy Transportation. 
 
 We believe the properties we own to be generally well maintained and adequate for present use. Through planned capital expenditures, we expect these properties to remain adequate for future needs. Properties we lease are covered by leases expiring over terms of generally one to ten years. We do not anticipate any difficulty in retaining occupancy of any leased facilities, either by renewing leases prior to expiration or by replacing them with equivalent leased facilities. 
 
 22 

Table of Contents 

 Headquarters and Other Key Offices 
 Our corporate headquarters is in a leased office located in Irving, Texas. Our Financial Products business is headquartered in offices in Nashville, Tennessee. Additional key offices are located inside and outside the United States. 
 
 Technical Center, Training Centers, Demonstration Areas and Proving Grounds 
 We operate Technical Centers located in Aurora and Mossville, Illinois; Wuxi, China; and Chennai, India. Our demonstration centers are located in Tinaja Hills, Arizona; Edwards, Illinois; Chichibu, Japan and Malaga, Spain. We have various other technical and training centers, demonstration areas and proving grounds located both inside and outside the United States. 
 
 Parts Distribution Centers 
 Distribution of our parts is conducted from parts distribution centers inside and outside the United States. We operate parts distribution centers in the following locations: Arvin, California; Denver, Colorado; Miami, Florida; Atlanta, Georgia; Morton, Illinois; St. Paul, Minnesota; Clayton, Ohio; York, Pennsylvania; Waco, Texas; Spokane, Washington; Melbourne, Australia; Queensland, Australia; Grimbergen, Belgium; Piracicaba, Brazil; Shanghai, China; Sagami, Japan; San Luis Potosi, Mexico; Singapore, Republic of Singapore; Moscow, Russia; Johannesburg, South Africa; and Dubai, United Arab Emirates. We also own or lease other facilities that support our distribution activities. 
 
 Remanufacturing and Components 
 Remanufacturing of our products is reported in our Energy Transportation segment and is conducted primarily at the facilities in the following locations: Franklin, Indiana; Bogor, Indonesia; Corinth, Mississippi; Prentiss County, Mississippi; West Fargo, North Dakota; Piracicaba, Brazil; Shanghai, China; and Nuevo Laredo, Mexico. 
 Component manufacturing is reported in the All Other segment and is conducted primarily at facilities in the following locations: East Peoria, Illinois; Mapleton, Illinois; Peoria, Illinois; Bogor, Indonesia; Menominee, Michigan; Boonville, Missouri; West Plains, Missouri; Goldsboro, North Carolina; Sumter, South Carolina; Tianjin, China; Xuzhou, China; Atessa, Italy; Bazzano, Italy; Frosinone, Italy; San Eusebio, Italy; Ramos Arizpe, Mexico; Pyeongtaek, South Korea; and Skinningrove, United Kingdom. 
 We also lease or own other facilities that support our remanufacturing and component manufacturing activities. 
 Manufacturing 
 Manufacturing of products for our Construction Industries, Resource Industries and Energy Transportation segments is conducted primarily at the locations listed below. These facilities are believed to be suitable for their intended purposes, with adequate capacities for current and projected needs for existing products. 
 
 Our principal manufacturing facilities include those used by the following segments in the following locations: 
 23 

Table of Contents 

 Segment U.S. Facilities Facilities Outside the U.S. Construction Industries Arkansas: North Little Rock 
 Brazil: Campo Largo, Piracicaba 
 Georgia: Athens 
 China: Suzhou, Wujiang, Xuzhou, Qingzhou 
 Illinois: Decatur, East Peoria 
 France: Grenoble, Echirolles 
 Kansas: Wamego 
 Hungary: Godollo 
 Minnesota: Brooklyn Park 
 India: Hosur, Thiruvallur 
 North Carolina: Clayton, Sanford 
 Italy: Minerbio, Cattolica 
 Texas: Victoria 
 Japan: Akashi 
 Mexico: Torreon 
 Netherlands: Den Bosch 
 Poland: Janow, Sosnowiec 
 Russia: Tosno 
 Thailand: Rayong 
 United Kingdom: Desford, Stockton 
 Resource Industries Illinois: Decatur, East Peoria 
 China: Qingzhou, Wuxi 
 South Carolina: Sumter 
 Germany: Dortmund, Lunen 
 Texas: Denison 
 India: Thiruvallur 
 Wisconsin: South Milwaukee 
 Indonesia: Batam 
 Italy: Jesi 
 Mexico: Acuna, Monterrey, Reynosa 
 Russia: Tosno 
 Thailand: Rayong 
 United Kingdom: Peterlee 
 Energy Transportation Alabama: Albertville, Montgomery 
 Australia: Cardiff, Perth, Redbank, Revesby 
 California: San Diego 
 Brazil: Curitiba, Hortolandia, Piracicaba, Sete Lagoas 
 Georgia: Griffin, Patterson 
 China : Tianjin, Wuxi 
 Illinois: East Peoria, Mossville, Mapleton, Pontiac 
 Czech Republic: Zatec, Zebrak 
 Indiana: Lafayette, Muncie 
 Germany: Kiel, Mannheim, Rostock 
 Kentucky: Decoursey, Mayfield 
 India: Aurangabad, Hosur 
 Oklahoma: Broken Arrow 
 Italy : Pistoria 
 North Carolina: Winston-Salem 
 Mexico: San Luis Potosi, Tijuana 
 Texas: Channelview, DeSoto, Fort Worth, Mabank, San Antonio, Schertz, Seguin, Sherman 
 United Kingdom: Larne, Peterborough, Sandiacre, South Queensferry, Springvale, Stafford, Wimborne 

24 

Table of Contents 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings. 
 
 Certain legal proceedings in which we are involved are discussed in Note 22 "Environmental and legal matters" of Part II, Item 8 "Financial Statements and Supplementary Data" and should be considered an integral part of Part I, Item 3 "Legal Proceedings", which is hereby incorporated by reference. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 
 
 Not applicable. 

PART II 

Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 
 
 Common Stock (NYSE: CAT) 
 
 Listing Information: Caterpillar common stock is listed on the New York Stock Exchange in the United States, and on stock exchanges in France and Switzerland. 
 
 Number of Shareholders: Shareholders of record at the end of 2022 totaled 21,935 , compared with 22,559 at the end of 2021. 
 
 25 

Table of Contents 

 Performance Graph: Total Cumulative Shareholder Return for Five-Year Period Ending December 31, 2022 
 
 The graph below shows the cumulative shareholder return assuming an investment of 100 on December 31, 2017, and reinvestment of dividends issued thereafter. 

2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 Caterpillar Inc. 100.00 82.44 98.53 125.10 145.06 172.04 S P 500 100.00 95.62 125.72 148.85 191.58 156.88 S P 500 Machinery 100.00 85.36 111.22 137.27 164.94 167.25 

26 

Table of Contents 

 Non-U.S. Employee Stock Purchase Plans 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had 28 employee stock purchase plans (the EIP Plans administered outside the United States for our non-U.S. employees, which had approximately 13,000 active participants in the aggregate. During the fourth quarter of 2022, approximately 71,000 shares of Caterpillar common stock were purchased by the EIP Plans pursuant to the terms of such plans. 
 
 Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 Period Total Number 
 of Shares 
 Purchased 2 
 Average Price 
 Paid per Share 2 
 Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Program Approximate Dollar 
 Value of Shares that 
 May Yet be Purchased 
 under the Program (in billions) 1 
 October 1-31, 2022 3,944,442 178.91 3,944,442 13.014 November 1-30, 2022 482,300 228.01 482,300 12.904 December 1-31, 2022 448,257 234.23 448,257 12.799 Total 4,874,999 188.85 4,874,999 1 In May 2022, the Board approved a new share repurchase authorization (the 2022 Authorization) of up to 15.0 billion of Caterpillar common stock effective August 1, 2022, with no expiration. As of December 31, 2022, approximately 12.8 billion remained available under the 2022 Authorization. 
 2 In October, November and December of 2022, we repurchased 3.9 million, 0.5 million and 0.5 million shares respectively, for an aggregate of 921 million in open market transactions at an average price per share of 178.91, 228.01 and 234.23, respectively. 

Item 6. [Reserved] 
 
 27 

Table of Contents 

 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 
 The following Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations (MD A) is intended to provide information that will assist the reader in understanding the company s Consolidated Financial Statements, the changes in certain key items in those financial statements between select periods and the primary factors that accounted for those changes. In addition, we discuss how certain accounting principles, policies and critical estimates affect our Consolidated Financial Statements. Our discussion also contains certain forward-looking statements related to future events and expectations. This MD A should be read in conjunction with our discussion of cautionary statements and significant risks to the company s business under Item 1A. Risk Factors of the 2022 Form 10-K. 
 Highlights for the full-year 2022 include: 
 Sales and revenues for 2022 were 59.427 billion, an increase of 8.456 billion, or 17 percent, compared with 50.971 billion for 2021. Sales were higher across the three primary segments. 
 Operating profit as a percent of sales and revenues was 13.3 percent in 2022, compared with 13.5 percent in 2021. Adjusted operating profit margin was 15.4 percent in 2022, compared with 13.7 percent in 2021. 
 Profit per share for 2022 was 12.64, and excluding the items in the table below, adjusted profit per share was 13.84. Profit per share for 2021 was 11.83, and excluding the items in the table below, adjusted profit per share was 10.81. 
 In order for our results to be more meaningful to our readers, we have separately quantified the impact of several significant items. A detailed reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP financial measures is included on page 49. 
 Full Year 2022 Full Year 2021 (Dollars in millions except per share data) Profit Before Taxes Profit Per Share Profit Before Taxes Profit Per Share Profit............................................................................. 8,752 12.64 8,204 11.83 Goodwill impairment..................................................... 925 1.68 Restructuring costs ....................................................... 
 299 0.43 90 0.15 Mark-to-market (gains) losses ...................................... 
 (606) (0.91) (833) (1.17) Adjusted profit............................................................... 9,370 13.84 7,461 10.81 
 Enterprise operating cash flow was 7.8 billion in 2022. Caterpillar ended 2022 with 7.0 billion of enterprise cash. 
 OVERVIEW 
 Our sales and revenues for 2022 were 59.427 billion, an increase of 8.456 billion, or 17 percent, compared with 50.971 billion for 2021. The increase was primarily due to favorable price realization and higher sales volume , partially offset by unfavorable currency impacts related to the euro, Australian dollar and Japanese yen. Profit per share was 12.64 in 2022, compared with profit per share of 11.83 in 2021. Profit was 6.705 billion in 2022, compared with 6.489 billion in 2021. The increase was primarily due to favorable price realization and higher sales volume, partially offset by unfavorable manufacturing costs , a goodwill impairment charge, higher selling, general and administrative (SG A) and research and development (R D) expenses, lower mark-to-market gains for remeasurement of pension and other postemployment benefit (OPEB) plans and higher restructuring costs. 
 Trends and Economic Conditions 
 Outlook for Key End Markets 
 In Construction Industries, we see positive momentum in 2023 for North America. We expect non-residential construction in North America to grow due to the positive impact of government-related infrastructure investments, healthy backlogs and rental replenishment. Residential construction continues to moderate due to tightening financial conditions but remains at a healthy level. In Asia Pacific, excluding China, we expect growth due to public infrastructure spending and supportive commodity prices. We expect continued weakness in China in the excavator industry above 10-tons, which we anticipate to remain below 2022 levels due to low construction activity. In EAME , business activity is expected to be about flat versus 2022 based on healthy backlogs and strong construction demand in the Middle East, offset by uncertain economic conditions in Europe. Construction activity in Latin America is expected to be flat to slightly down versus a strong 2022 performance. 
 28 

Table of Contents 

 In Resource Industries, we expect healthy mining demand to continue as commodity prices remain above investment thresholds; however, customers continue to remain capital disciplined. We anticipate production and utilization levels will remain elevated, and our autonomous solutions continue to gain momentum. We expect the continuation of high equipment utilization and a low level of parked trucks, which support future demand for our equipment and services. The energy transition is expected to support increased commodity demand, expanding our total addressable market and providing opportunities for profitable growth. In heavy construction and quarry and aggregates, we anticipate continued growth supported by infrastructure and major non-residential construction projects. 
 In Energy Transportation, we expect sales growth due to strong order rates in most applications. In Oil Gas, although customers remain disciplined, we are encouraged by continued strength in demand and order intake for the year. New equipment orders for Solar Turbines continue to be robust. Power Generation orders are expected to remain healthy, including data center strength. Industrial remains healthy with momentum continuing for 2023. In Rail, North America new locomotives are expected to remain muted. We anticipate strength in high-speed marine as customers continue to upgrade aging fleets. 
 Company Trends and Expectations 
 For the full-year 2023, we expect sales to increase compared to 2022, supported by favorable price realization. Although we expect stronger sales of equipment to end users in 2023, we do not anticipate a significant change in dealer inventory by year end. 2023 sales are expected to follow a more traditional seasonal pattern, with first quarter being the lowest of the year. Demand remains strong given the robust order backlog and improving supply chain dynamics. In addition, services momentum is expected to continue this year as we continue to execute our services growth strategy. 
 We expect sales to increase in the first quarter of 2023, compared to the first quarter of 2022, driven by favorable price realization and slightly stronger sales volume, which reflects higher sales of equipment to end users. We expect a seasonal build in dealer inventory in the first quarter of 2023. Sales should increase across the three primary segments in the first quarter of 2023, compared to the first quarter of 2022. 
 We expect operating profit to increase in 2023, compared to 2022. Pricing actions from 2022 will continue to impact 2023 and we will evaluate future actions as appropriate to offset inflationary pressures. We currently expect to see moderation of price realization and input cost inflation throughout 2023. Price realization is expected to more than offset manufacturing costs for 2023. Increases in SG A/R D expenses are expected to exceed the benefit of lower short-term incentive compensation expense in 2023 as we continue to invest in strategic initiatives such as services growth and technology, including digital, electrification and autonomy. We anticipate higher pension expense within other income (expense) in 2023, compared to 2022, due to higher interest costs from higher interest rates. This non-cash item is estimated to be just over 300 million for the full year, or about 80 million per quarter. Finally, the strengthening of the U.S. dollar in 2022 acted as a benefit to profit within other income (expense), which would not re-occur if the weakening we have seen in rates continues. 
 Global Business Conditions 
 We continue to monitor a variety of external factors around the world, such as supply chain disruptions, inflationary cost and labor pressures. Areas of particular focus include certain components, transportation and raw materials. Transportation shortages have resulted in delays and increased costs. In addition, our suppliers are dealing with availability issues and freight delays, which could impact production in our facilities. Contingency plans have been developed and continue to be modified to minimize supply chain challenges that may impact our ability to meet increasing customer demand. We continue to assess the environment and are taking appropriate price actions in response to rising costs. 
 Risk Factors 
 Risk factors are disclosed within Item 1A. Risk Factors of the 2022 Form 10-K. 

Notes: 
 Glossary of terms included on pages 35-37; first occurrence of terms shown in bold italics. 
 Information on non-GAAP financial measures is included on page 49. 
 Some amounts within this report are rounded to the millions or billions and may not add. In addition, the sum of the components reported across periods may not equal the total amount reported year-to-date due to rounding. 
 29 

Table of Contents 

2022 COMPARED WITH 2021 
 CONSOLIDATED SALES AND REVENUES 
 
 The chart above graphically illustrates reasons for the change in consolidated sales and revenues between 2021 (at left) and 2022 (at right). Caterpillar management utilizes these charts internally to visually communicate with the company s Board of Directors and employees. 
 Total sales and revenues for 2022 were 59.427 billion, an increase of 8.456 billion, or 17 percent, compared with 50.971 billion in 2021. The increase was primarily due to favorable price realization and higher sales volume, partially offset by unfavorable currency impacts related to the euro, Australian dollar and Japanese yen. The increase in sales volume was driven by the impact from changes in dealer inventories , increased services and higher sales of equipment to end users. Dealers increased their inventories about 2.4 billion in 2022, compared to a decrease of about 100 million in 2021. 
 Sales were higher in the three primary segments. 
 North America sales increased 29 percent driven by favorable price realization, the impact from changes in dealer inventories, increased services and higher sales of equipment to end users. Dealers increased inventories during 2022, compared to a decrease during 2021. 
 Sales increased 33 percent in Latin America due to higher sales of equipment to end users, favorable price realization and the impact from changes in dealer inventories. Dealers increased inventories more during 2022 than during 2021. 
 EAME sales increased 6 percent due to favorable price realization, the impact from changes in dealer inventories and higher sales of equipment to end users, partially offset by unfavorable currency impacts related to the euro and British pound. Dealers increased inventories more during 2022 than during 2021. 
 Asia/Pacific sales increased 2 percent driven by favorable price realization, the impact from changes in dealer inventories and higher services, partially offset by lower sales of equipment to end users and unfavorable currency impacts related to the Australian dollar and Japanese yen. Dealers increased their inventories during 2022, compared to remaining about flat during 2021. 
 Dealers increased their inventories about 2.4 billion in 2022, compared to a decrease of about 100 million in 2021. Dealers are independent, and the reasons for changes in their inventory levels vary, including their expectations of future demand and product delivery times. Dealers demand expectations take into account seasonal changes, macroeconomic conditions, machine rental rates and other factors. Delivery times can vary based on availability of product from Caterpillar factories and product distribution centers. We expect dealer inventories to be about flat in 2023 compared to 2022. 
 30 

Table of Contents 

 Sales and Revenues by Segment (Millions of dollars) 2021 Sales Volume Price Realization Currency Inter-Segment / Other 2022 Change Change Construction Industries 22,106 1,231 2,633 (731) 30 25,269 3,163 14 Resource Industries 9,810 1,372 1,333 (194) (7) 12,314 2,504 26 Energy Transportation 20,287 1,972 1,216 (521) 798 23,752 3,465 17 All Other Segment 511 3 4 (7) (61) 450 (61) (12 Corporate Items and Eliminations (4,526) 82 (7) (760) (5,211) (685) Machinery, Energy Transportation 48,188 4,660 5,179 (1,453) 56,574 8,386 17 Financial Products Segment 3,073 180 3,253 180 6 Corporate Items and Eliminations (290) (110) (400) (110) Financial Products Revenues 
 2,783 70 2,853 70 3 Consolidated Sales and Revenues 50,971 4,660 5,179 (1,453) 70 59,427 8,456 17 
 Sales and Revenues by Geographic Region North America Latin America EAME Asia/Pacific External Sales and Revenues Inter-Segment Total Sales and Revenues (Millions of dollars) Chg Chg Chg Chg Chg Chg Chg 2022 Construction Industries 12,367 28 2,843 49 5,099 5 4,818 (13 25,127 14 142 27 25,269 14 Resource Industries 4,531 52 1,840 7 2,205 11 3,437 23 12,013 26 301 (2 12,314 26 Energy Transportation 9,175 21 1,784 45 5,232 7 3,146 8 19,337 16 4,415 22 23,752 17 All Other Segment 64 14 2 (66) (467 145 110 145 305 (17 450 (12 Corporate Items and Eliminations (29) (1) (5) (13) (48) (5,163) (5,211) Machinery, Energy Transportation 26,108 29 6,468 33 12,465 6 11,533 2 56,574 17 56,574 17 Financial Products Segment 2,078 7 348 31 396 (1 431 (8 3,253 1 
 6 3,253 6 Corporate Items and Eliminations (205) (78) (47) (70) (400) (400) Financial Products Revenues 1,873 4 270 26 349 (5 361 (10 2,853 3 2,853 3 Consolidated Sales and Revenues 27,981 27 6,738 32 12,814 6 11,894 1 59,427 17 59,427 17 2021 Construction Industries 9,676 1,913 4,858 5,547 21,994 112 22,106 Resource Industries 2,987 1,724 1,987 2,804 9,502 308 9,810 Energy Transportation 7,611 1,233 4,908 2,918 16,670 3,617 20,287 All Other Segment 56 2 18 69 145 366 511 Corporate Items and Eliminations (106) (1) (1) (15) (123) (4,403) (4,526) Machinery, Energy Transportation 20,224 4,871 11,770 11,323 48,188 48,188 Financial Products Segment 1,935 265 402 471 3,073 1 
 3,073 Corporate Items and Eliminations (136) (50) (35) (69) (290) (290) Financial Products Revenues 1,799 215 367 402 2,783 2,783 Consolidated Sales and Revenues 22,023 5,086 12,137 11,725 50,971 50,971 1 Includes revenues from Machinery, Energy Transportation of 478 million and 351 million in 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

31 

Table of Contents 

 CONSOLIDATED OPERATING PROFIT 
 
 The chart above graphically illustrates reasons for the change in consolidated operating profit between 2021 (at left) and 2022 (at right). Caterpillar management utilizes these charts internally to visually communicate with the company s Board of Directors and employees. The bar entitled Other includes consolidating adjustments and Machinery, Energy Transportation other operating (income) expenses . 
 Operating profit was 7.904 billion in 2022, an increase of 1.026 billion, or 15 percent, compared with 6.878 billion in 2021. The increase was primarily due to favorable price realization and higher sales volume, partially offset by higher manufacturing costs, a goodwill impairment charge, higher SG A/R D expenses and higher restructuring costs. 
 Unfavorable manufacturing costs reflected higher material costs, freight and manufacturing inefficiencies. The increase in SG A/R D expenses was driven by investments aligned with the company's strategy for profitable growth, which included services growth and technology, such as digital, electrification and autonomy, as well as higher short-term incentive compensation expense. 
 Short-term incentive compensation expense is directly related to financial and operational performance, measured against targets set annually. Expense for 2022 was about 1.4 billion, compared with 1.3 billion in 2021. For 2023, we expect short-term incentive compensation expense will be about 1.1 billion. 
 In 2022, the company took a goodwill impairment charge of 925 million and restructuring costs of 193 million related to the Rail division, both primarily non-cash items. 180 million of the total Rail restructuring costs were recognized in the fourth quarter of 2022. The goodwill impairment charge is related to a lower outlook for the company s locomotive offerings. The restructuring costs were primarily related to write-downs in the value of inventory. 
 Operating profit margin was 13.3 percent in 2022, compared with 13.5 percent in 2021. 
 Profit (Loss) by Segment (Millions of dollars) 2022 2021 Change Change Construction Industries 4,743 3,732 1,011 27 Resource Industries 1,827 1,229 598 49 Energy Transportation 3,309 2,804 505 18 All Other Segment (11) (14) 3 21 Corporate Items and Eliminations (2,435) (1,388) (1,047) Machinery, Energy Transportation 7,433 6,363 1,070 17 Financial Products Segment 864 908 (44) (5 Corporate Items and Eliminations 26 (92) 118 Financial Products 890 816 74 9 Consolidating Adjustments (419) (301) (118) Consolidated Operating Profit 7,904 6,878 1,026 15 
 32 

Table of Contents 

Other Profit/Loss and Tax Items 
 Interest expense excluding Financial Products in 2022 was 443 million, compared with 488 million in 2021. The decrease was due to lower average debt outstanding during 2022, compared with 2021. 
 Other income (expense) in 2022 was income of 1.291 billion, compared with income of 1.814 billion in 2021. The change was primarily due to lower mark-to-market gains for remeasurement of OPEB plans, lower pension and OPEB income and unrealized losses on marketable securities, partially offset by higher investment and interest income. 
 The provision for income taxes for 2022 reflected an annual effective tax rate of 23.2 percent, compared with 22.9 percent for 2021, excluding the discrete items discussed below. 
 On September 8, 2022, the company reached a settlement with the U.S. Internal Revenue Service (IRS) that resolves all issues for tax years 2007 through 2016, without any penalties. The company s settlement includes, among other issues, the resolution of disputed tax treatment of profits earned by Caterpillar SARL (CSARL) from certain parts transactions. We vigorously contested the IRS s application of the substance-over-form or assignment-of-income judicial doctrines and its proposed increases to tax and imposition of accuracy related penalties. The settlement does not include any increases to tax in the United States based on those judicial doctrines and does not include any penalties. The final tax assessed by the IRS for all issues under the settlement was 490 million for the ten-year period. This amount was primarily paid in 2022 along with the associated interest of 250 million. The settlement was within the total amount of gross unrecognized tax benefits for uncertain tax positions and enables us to avoid the costs and burdens of further disputes with the IRS. As a result of the settlement, we recorded a discrete tax benefit of 41 million in 2022 to reflect changes in estimates of prior years taxes and related interest, net of tax. We are subject to the continuous examination of our income tax returns by the IRS, and tax years 2017 to 2019 are currently under examination. 
 The provision for income taxes also included the following: 
 A tax charge of 124 million related to 606 million of pension and OPEB mark-to-market gains in 2022, compared to a 190 million tax charge related to 833 million of mark-to-market gains in 2021. 
 A tax benefit of 49 million to reflect other changes in estimates related to prior year s U.S. taxes in 2022 compared to 36 million in 2021. 
 A tax benefit of 36 million related to the 925 million goodwill impairment charge in 2022. 
 A tax benefit of 33 million in 2022, compared with 63 million in 2021, for the settlement of stock-based compensation awards with associated tax deductions in excess of cumulative U.S. GAAP compensation expense. 
 A tax benefit of 38 million in 2021 to recognize U.S. capital losses. 
 Construction Industries 
 Construction Industries total sales were 25.269 billion in 2022, an increase of 3.163 billion, or 14 percent, compared with 22.106 billion in 2021. The increase was due to favorable price realization and higher sales volume, partially offset by unfavorable currency impacts related to the euro, Japanese yen and Australian dollar. The increase in sales volume was driven by the impact from changes in dealer inventories and higher sales of aftermarket parts, partially offset by lower sales of equipment to end users. Dealers increased inventories during 2022, compared to remaining about flat in 2021. 
 In North America, sales increased due to favorable price realization, the impact from changes in dealer inventories, higher sales of equipment to end users and higher sales of aftermarket parts. Dealers decreased inventories during 2021, compared with an increase during 2022. 
 Sales increased in Latin America primarily due to higher sales of equipment to end users, favorable price realization and the impact from changes in dealer inventories. Dealers increased inventories more during 2022 than during 2021. 
 In EAME, sales increased due to favorable price realization and the impact from changes in dealer inventories, partially offset by unfavorable currency impacts related to the euro. Dealers increased inventories more during 2022 than during 2021. 
 Sales decreased in Asia/Pacific due to lower sales of equipment to end users and unfavorable currency impacts related to the Japanese yen and Australian dollar, partially offset by favorable price realization. 
 33 

Table of Contents 

 Construction Industries profit was 4.743 billion in 2022, an increase of 1.011 billion, or 27 percent, compared with 3.732 billion in 2021. The increase was mainly due to favorable price realization and higher sales volume, partially offset by unfavorable manufacturing costs and higher SG A/R D expenses. Unfavorable manufacturing costs largely reflected higher material costs, freight and the impact of manufacturing inefficiencies. The increase in SG A/R D expenses was primarily driven by investments aligned with strategic initiatives. 
 Construction Industries profit as a percent of total sales was 18.8 percent in 2022, compared with 16.9 percent in 2021. 
 Resource Industries 
 Resource Industries total sales were 12.314 billion in 2022, an increase of 2.504 billion, or 26 percent, compared with 9.810 billion in 2021. The increase was due to higher sales volume and favorable price realization. The increase in sales volume was driven by the impact from changes in dealer inventories, higher sales of equipment to end users and higher sales of aftermarket parts. Dealers increased inventories during 2022, compared with a decrease during 2021. 
 Resource Industries profit was 1.827 billion in 2022, an increase of 598 million, or 49 percent, compared with 1.229 billion in 2021. The increase was mainly due to favorable price realization and higher sales volume, partially offset by unfavorable manufacturing costs and higher SG A/R D expenses. Unfavorable manufacturing costs largely reflected higher material costs and freight. The increase in SG A/R D expenses was primarily driven by investments aligned with strategic initiatives. 
 Resource Industries profit as a percent of total sales was 14.8 percent for 2022, compared with 12.5 percent for 2021. 
 Energy Transportation 
 Sales by Application (Millions of dollars) 2022 2021 Change 
 Change 
 Oil and Gas 5,330 4,460 870 20 Power Generation 4,940 4,292 648 15 Industrial 4,426 3,612 814 23 Transportation 4,641 4,306 335 8 External Sales 19,337 16,670 2,667 16 Inter-Segment 4,415 3,617 798 22 Total Sales 23,752 20,287 3,465 17 
 Energy Transportation s total sales were 23.752 billion in 2022, an increase of 3.465 billion, or 17 percent, compared with 20.287 billion in 2021. Sales increased across all applications and inter-segment sales. The increase in sales was primarily due to higher sales volume and favorable price realization, partially offset by unfavorable currency impacts related to the euro, British pound and Australian dollar. 
 Oil and Gas Sales increased due to higher sales of reciprocating engine aftermarket parts and engines used in well servicing and gas compression applications. Turbines and turbine-related services were about flat. 
 Power Generation Sales primarily increased in reciprocating engines and aftermarket parts. 
 Industrial Sales increased due to higher demand across all regions. 
 Transportation Sales increased primarily in reciprocating aftermarket parts and engines, mostly driven by marine applications. Rail services also increased. 
 Energy Transportation s profit was 3.309 billion in 2022, an increase of 505 million, or 18 percent, compared with 2.804 billion in 2021. Unfavorable manufacturing costs and higher SG A/R D expenses were more than offset by favorable price realization and higher sales volume. Unfavorable manufacturing costs largely reflected higher material costs, freight, period manufacturing costs and the impact of manufacturing inefficiencies. The increase in SG A/R D expenses was primarily driven by investments aligned with strategic initiatives and higher short-term incentive compensation expense. 
 Energy Transportation s profit as a percent of total sales was 13.9 percent in 2022, compared with 13.8 percent in 2021. 
 Financial Products Segment 
 Financial Products segment revenues were 3.253 billion for the year ended December 31, 2022, an increase of 180 million, or 6 percent, compared with 3.073 billion for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase was primarily due to higher average financing rates across all regions and a favorable impact from returned or repossessed equipment in North America. 
 34 

Table of Contents 

 Financial Products segment profit was 864 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, a decrease of 44 million, or 5 percent, compared with 908 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease was mainly due to an unfavorable impact from equity securities in Insurance Services, partially offset by a favorable impact from returned or repossessed equipment. 
 At the end of 2022, past dues at Cat Financial were 1.89 percent, compared with 1.95 percent at the end of 2021. Write-offs, net of recoveries, were 46 million for 2022, compared with 205 million for 2021. As of December 31, 2022, Cat Financial's allowance for credit losses totaled 346 million, or 1.29 percent of finance receivables, compared with 337 million, or 1.22 percent of finance receivables, at December 31, 2021. 
 Corporate Items and Eliminations 
 Expense for corporate items and eliminations was 2.409 billion in 2022, an increase of 929 million from 2021, primarily driven by a goodwill impairment charge and higher restructuring costs, partially offset by favorable impacts of segment reporting methodology and a favorable change in fair value adjustments related to deferred compensation plans. 
 In 2022, the company took a goodwill impairment charge of 925 million and restructuring costs of 193 million related to the Rail division, both primarily non-cash items. 180 million of the total Rail restructuring costs were recognized in the fourth quarter of 2022. The goodwill impairment charge is related to a lower outlook for the company s locomotive offerings. The restructuring costs were primarily related to write-downs in the value of inventory. 
 
 2021 COMPARED WITH 2020 
 
 For discussions related to the consolidated sales and revenue and consolidated operating profit between 2021 and 2020, refer to Part II, Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations of the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021, which was filed with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission on February 16, 2022 and hereby incorporated by reference. 

RESTRUCTURING COSTS 
 
 On February 1, 2023, we closed on the divestiture of our Longwall business. As a result, we recorded a pre-tax loss of approximately 600 million, of which 494 million was related to the release of accumulated foreign currency translation associated with this divestiture. This loss, primarily non-cash, will be included in our first quarter 2023 restructuring costs and is subject to the finalization of post-closing procedures. In addition, we expect to incur about 100 million of restructuring costs in 2023 primarily related to strategic actions to address a small number of products. 
 
 We expect that prior restructuring actions will result in an incremental benefit to operating costs, primarily Costs of goods sold and SG A expenses of about 100 million in 2023 compared with 2022. 
 
 Additional information related to restructuring costs is included in Note 25 - "Restructuring Costs" of Part II, Item 8 "Financial Statements and Supplemental Data." 

GLOSSARY OF TERMS 
 1. Adjusted Operating Profit Margin Operating profit excluding goodwill impairment charges and restructuring income/costs as a percent of sales and revenues. 
 2. Adjusted Profit Per Share Profit per share excluding goodwill impairment charges, pension and OPEB mark-to-market gains/losses and restructuring income/costs. 
 3. All Other Segment Primarily includes activities such as: business strategy; product management and development; manufacturing and sourcing of filters and fluids, undercarriage, ground-engaging tools, fluid transfer products, precision seals, rubber sealing and connecting components primarily for Cat products; parts distribution; integrated logistics solutions; distribution services responsible for dealer development and administration, including a wholly owned dealer in Japan; dealer portfolio management and ensuring the most efficient and effective distribution of machines, engines and parts; brand management and marketing strategy; and digital investments for new customer and dealer solutions that integrate data analytics with state-of-the-art digital technologies while transforming the buying experience. 
 4. Consolidating Adjustments Elimination of transactions between Machinery, Energy Transportation and Financial Products. 
 35 

Table of Contents 

 5. Construction Industries A segment primarily responsible for supporting customers using machinery in infrastructure and building construction applications. Responsibilities include business strategy, product design, product management and development, manufacturing, marketing and sales and product support. The product portfolio includes asphalt pavers; backhoe loaders; compactors; cold planers; compact track and multi-terrain loaders; mini, small, medium and large track excavators; forestry machines; material handlers; motor graders; pipelayers; road reclaimers; skid steer loaders; telehandlers; small and medium track-type tractors; track-type loaders; wheel excavators; compact, small and medium wheel loaders; and related parts and work tools. 
 6. Corporate Items and Eliminations Includes corporate-level expenses, timing differences (as some expenses are reported in segment profit on a cash basis), methodology differences between segment and consolidated external reporting, certain restructuring costs and inter-segment eliminations. 
 7. Currency With respect to sales and revenues, currency represents the translation impact on sales resulting from changes in foreign currency exchange rates versus the U.S. dollar. With respect to operating profit, currency represents the net translation impact on sales and operating costs resulting from changes in foreign currency exchange rates versus the U.S. dollar. Currency only includes the impact on sales and operating profit for the Machinery, Energy Transportation line of business; currency impacts on Financial Products revenues and operating profit are included in the Financial Products portions of the respective analyses. With respect to other income/expense, currency represents the effects of forward and option contracts entered into by the company to reduce the risk of fluctuations in exchange rates (hedging) and the net effect of changes in foreign currency exchange rates on our foreign currency assets and liabilities for consolidated results (translation). 
 8. Dealer Inventories Represents dealer machine and engine inventories, excluding aftermarket parts. 
 9. EAME A geographic region including Europe, Africa, the Middle East and the Commonwealth of Independent States (CIS). 
 10. Earning Assets Assets consisting primarily of total finance receivables net of unearned income, plus equipment on operating leases, less accumulated depreciation at Cat Financial. 
 11. Energy Transportation A segment primarily responsible for supporting customers using reciprocating engines, turbines, diesel-electric locomotives and related services across industries serving Oil and Gas, Power Generation, Industrial and Transportation applications, including marine- and rail-related businesses. Responsibilities include business strategy, product design, product management, development and testing manufacturing, marketing and sales and product support. The product and services portfolio includes turbines, centrifugal gas compressors, and turbine-related services; reciprocating engine-powered generator sets; integrated systems and solutions used in the electric power generation industry; reciprocating engines, drivetrain and integrated systems and solutions for the marine and oil and gas industries; reciprocating engines, drivetrain and integrated systems and solutions supplied to the industrial industry as well as Cat machinery; electrified powertrain and zero-emission power sources and service solutions development; and diesel-electric locomotives and components and other rail-related products and services, including remanufacturing and leasing. Responsibilities also include the remanufacturing of Caterpillar reciprocating engines and components and remanufacturing services for other companies; and product support of on-highway vocational trucks for North America. 
 12. Financial Products The company defines Financial Products as our finance and insurance subsidiaries, primarily Caterpillar Financial Services Corporation (Cat Financial) and Caterpillar Insurance Holdings Inc. (Insurance Services). Financial Products information relates to the financing to customers and dealers for the purchase and lease of Caterpillar and other equipment. 
 13. Financial Products Segment Provides financing alternatives to customers and dealers around the world for Caterpillar products and services, as well as financing for vehicles, power generation facilities and marine vessels that, in most cases, incorporate Caterpillar products. Financing plans include operating and finance leases, installment sale contracts, repair/rebuild financing, working capital loans and wholesale financing plans. The segment also provides insurance and risk management products and services that help customers and dealers manage their business risk. Insurance and risk management products offered include physical damage insurance, inventory protection plans, extended service coverage and maintenance plans for machines and engines, and dealer property and casualty insurance. The various forms of financing, insurance and risk management products offered to customers and dealers help support the purchase and lease of Caterpillar equipment. The segment also earns revenues from Machinery, Energy Transportation, but the related costs are not allocated to operating segments. Financial Products segment profit is determined on a pretax basis and includes other income/expense items. 
 14. Latin America A geographic region including Central and South American countries and Mexico. 
 15. Machinery, Energy Transportation (ME T) The company defines ME T as Caterpillar Inc. and its subsidiaries, excluding Financial Products. ME T s information relates to the design, manufacturing and marketing of its products. 
 36 

Table of Contents 

 16. Machinery, Energy Transportation Other Operating (Income) Expenses Comprised primarily of gains/losses on disposal of long-lived assets, gains/losses on divestitures and legal settlements and accruals. 
 17. Manufacturing Costs Manufacturing costs exclude the impacts of currency and represent the volume-adjusted change for variable costs and the absolute dollar change for period manufacturing costs. Variable manufacturing costs are defined as having a direct relationship with the volume of production. This includes material costs, direct labor and other costs that vary directly with production volume, such as freight, power to operate machines and supplies that are consumed in the manufacturing process. Period manufacturing costs support production but are defined as generally not having a direct relationship to short-term changes in volume. Examples include machinery and equipment repair, depreciation on manufacturing assets, facility support, procurement, factory scheduling, manufacturing planning and operations management. 
 18. Mark-to-market gains/losses Represents the net gain or loss of actual results differing from the company s assumptions and the effects of changing assumptions for our defined benefit pension and OPEB plans. These gains and losses are immediately recognized through earnings upon the annual remeasurement in the fourth quarter, or on an interim basis as triggering events warrant remeasurement. 
 19. Pension and Other Postemployment Benefits (OPEB) The company s defined-benefit pension and postretirement benefit plans. 
 20. Price Realization The impact of net price changes excluding currency and new product introductions. Price realization includes geographic mix of sales, which is the impact of changes in the relative weighting of sales prices between geographic regions. 
 21. Resource Industries A segment primarily responsible for supporting customers using machinery in mining, heavy construction and quarry and aggregates. Responsibilities include business strategy, product design, product management and development, manufacturing, marketing and sales and product support. The product portfolio includes large track-type tractors; large mining trucks; hard rock vehicles; longwall miners; electric rope shovels; draglines; hydraulic shovels; rotary drills; large wheel loaders; off-highway trucks; articulated trucks; wheel tractor scrapers; wheel dozers; landfill compactors; soil compactors; select work tools; machinery components; electronics and control systems and related parts. In addition to equipment, Resource Industries also develops and sells technology products and services to provide customers fleet management, equipment management analytics, autonomous machine capabilities, safety services and mining performance solutions. Resource Industries also manages areas that provide services to other parts of the company, including strategic procurement, lean center of excellence, integrated manufacturing, research and development for hydraulic systems, automation, electronics and software for Cat machines and engines. 
 22. Restructuring Costs May include costs for employee separation, long-lived asset impairments and contract terminations. These costs are included in Other operating (income) expenses except for defined-benefit plan curtailment losses and special termination benefits, which are included in Other income (expense). Restructuring costs also include other exit-related costs, which may consist of accelerated depreciation, inventory write-downs, building demolition, equipment relocation and project management costs and LIFO inventory decrement benefits from inventory liquidations at closed facilities, all of which are primarily included in Cost of goods sold. 
 23. Sales Volume With respect to sales and revenues, sales volume represents the impact of changes in the quantities sold for Machinery, Energy Transportation as well as the incremental sales impact of new product introductions, including emissions-related product updates. With respect to operating profit, sales volume represents the impact of changes in the quantities sold for Machinery, Energy Transportation combined with product mix as well as the net operating profit impact of new product introductions, including emissions-related product updates. Product mix represents the net operating profit impact of changes in the relative weighting of Machinery, Energy Transportation sales with respect to total sales. The impact of sales volume on segment profit includes inter-segment sales. 
 24. Services Enterprise services include, but are not limited to, aftermarket parts, Financial Products revenues and other service-related revenues. Machinery, Energy Transportation segments exclude most Financial Products revenues. 

37 

Table of Contents 

 LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES 
 
 Sources of funds 
 
 We generate significant capital resources from operating activities, which are the primary source of funding for our ME T operations. Funding for these businesses is also available from commercial paper and long-term debt issuances. Financial Products operations are funded primarily from commercial paper, term debt issuances and collections from its existing portfolio. During 2022, we had positive operating cash flow within both our ME T and Financial Products' operations. On a consolidated basis, we ended 2022 with 7.00 billion of cash, a decrease of 2.25 billion from year-end 2021. In addition, ME T has invested in available-for-sale debt securities that are considered highly liquid and are available for current operations. These securities are included in Prepaid expenses and other current assets and Other assets in the Consolidated Statement of Financial Position and were 1.48 billion at the end of December 31, 2022. We intend to maintain a strong cash and liquidity position. 
 
 Consolidated operating cash flow for 2022 was 7.77 billion, up 568 million compared to 2021. The increase was primarily due to higher profit before taxes adjusted for non-cash items and decreased working capital requirements. Within working capital, changes in receivables, customer advances and accrued expenses favorably impacted cash flow, but were partially offset by changes in accounts payable. Partially offsetting these items were higher payments for short-term incentive compensation in the first quarter of 2022 as well as higher cash taxes paid which includes payments related to settlements with the U.S. Internal Revenue Service. 
 
 Total debt as of December 31, 2022 was 36.99 billion, a decrease of 796 million from year-end 2021. Debt related to ME T decreased 174 million in 2022. Debt related to Financial products decreased by 617 million due to portfolio funding requirements. 
 
 We have three global credit facilities with a syndicate of banks totaling 10.50 billion (Credit Facility) available in the aggregate to both Caterpillar and Cat Financial for general liquidity purposes. Based on management s allocation decision, which can be revised from time to time, the portion of the Credit Facility available to ME T as of December 31, 2022 was 2.75 billion. Information on our Credit Facility is as follows: 
 
 In September 2022, we entered into a new 364-day facility. The 364-day facility of 3.15 billion (of which 825 million is available to ME T) expires in August 2023. 
 In September 2022, we amended and restated the three-year facility (as amended and restated, the "three-year facility"). The three-year facility of 2.73 billion (of which 715 million is available to ME T) expires in August 2025. 
 In September 2022, we amended and restated the five-year facility (as amended and restated, the "five-year facility"). The five-year facility of 4.62 billion (of which 1.21 billion is available to ME T) expires in September 2027. 
 At December 31, 2022, Caterpillar s consolidated net worth was 15.93 billion, which was above the 9.00 billion required under the Credit Facility. The consolidated net worth is defined as the consolidated shareholders' equity including preferred stock but excluding the pension and other postretirement benefits balance within Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss). 
 
 At December 31, 2022, Cat Financial s covenant interest coverage ratio was 2.36 to 1. This was above the 1.15 to 1 minimum ratio, calculated as (1) profit excluding income taxes, interest expense and net gain/(loss) from interest rate derivatives to (2) interest expense calculated at the end of each calendar quarter for the rolling four quarter period then most recently ended, required by the Credit Facility. 
 
 In addition, at December 31, 2022, Cat Financial s six-month covenant leverage ratio was 7.05 to 1 and year-end covenant leverage ratio was 7.21 to 1. This was below the maximum ratio of debt to net worth of 10 to 1, calculated (1) on a monthly basis as the average of the leverage ratios determined on the last day of each of the six preceding calendar months and (2) at each December 31, required by the Credit Facility. 
 
 38 

Table of Contents 

 In the event Caterpillar or Cat Financial does not meet one or more of their respective financial covenants under the Credit Facility in the future (and are unable to obtain a consent or waiver), the syndicate of banks may terminate the commitments allocated to the party that does not meet its covenants. Additionally, in such event, certain of Cat Financial's other lenders under other loan agreements where similar financial covenants or cross default provisions are applicable, may, at their election, choose to pursue remedies under those loan agreements, including accelerating the repayment of outstanding borrowings. At December 31, 2022, there were no borrowings under the Credit Facility. 
 
 Our total credit commitments and available credit as of December 31, 2022 were: 
 December 31, 2022 (Millions of dollars) Consolidated Machinery, Energy Transportation Financial Products Credit lines available: Global credit facilities 10,500 2,750 7,750 Other external 3,649 158 3,491 Total credit lines available 14,149 2,908 11,241 Less: Commercial paper outstanding (5,455) (5,455) Less: Utilized credit (982) (3) (979) Available credit 7,712 2,905 4,807 
 
 The other consolidated credit lines with banks as of December 31, 2022 totaled 3.65 billion. These committed and uncommitted credit lines, which may be eligible for renewal at various future dates or have no specified expiration date, are used primarily by our subsidiaries for local funding requirements. Caterpillar or Cat Financial may guarantee subsidiary borrowings under these lines. 
 
 We receive debt ratings from the major credit rating agencies. Moody s, Fitch and S P maintain a mid-A debt rating. A downgrade of our credit ratings by any of the major credit rating agencies could result in increased borrowing costs and could make access to certain credit markets more difficult. In the event economic conditions deteriorate such that access to debt markets becomes unavailable, ME T s operations would rely on cash flow from operations, use of existing cash balances, borrowings from Cat Financial and access to our committed credit facilities. Our Financial Products operations would rely on cash flow from its existing portfolio, existing cash balances, access to our committed credit facilities and other credit line facilities of Cat Financial, and potential borrowings from Caterpillar. In addition, we maintain a support agreement with Cat Financial, which requires Caterpillar to remain the sole owner of Cat Financial and may, under certain circumstances, require Caterpillar to make payments to Cat Financial should Cat Financial fail to maintain certain financial ratios. 
 
 We facilitate voluntary supply chain finance programs (the Programs through participating financial institutions. The Programs are available to a wide range of suppliers and allow them the option to manage their cash flow. We are not a party to the agreements between the participating financial institutions and the suppliers in connection with the Programs. The range of payment terms we negotiate with our suppliers is consistent, irrespective of whether a supplier participates in the Programs. The amounts payable to participating financial institutions for suppliers who voluntarily participate in the Programs and included in accounts payable in the Consolidated Statement of Financial Position were 862 million and 822 million at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. The amounts settled through the Programs and paid to participating financial institutions were 5.4 billion and 4.1 billion in 2022 and 2021, respectively. We account for payments made under the Programs, the same as our other accounts payable, as a reduction to our cash flows from operations. We do not believe that changes in the availability of supply chain financing will have a significant impact on our liquidity. 
 
 Material cash requirements for contractual obligations 
 
 We believe our balances of cash and cash equivalents of 7.00 billion and available-for-sale debt securities of 1.48 billion as of December 31, 2022, along with cash generated by ongoing operations and continued access to debt markets, will be sufficient to satisfy our cash requirements over the next 12 months and beyond. 
 
 We have committed cash outflows related to postretirement benefit obligations, long-term debt and operating lease agreements. See Notes 12, 14 and 20, respectively, of Part II, Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data for additional information. 
 
 39 

Table of Contents 

 We have short-term obligations related to the purchase of goods and services made in the ordinary course of business. These cons ist of invoices received and recorded as liabilities as of December 31, 2022, but scheduled for payment in 2023 of 8.69 billion. In addition, we have contractual obligations for material and services on order at December 31, 2022, but not yet invoiced or delivered, of 7.64 billion. 
 
 We also have long-term contractual obligations primarily for logistics services agreements; systems support, software licenses and development contracts; information technology consulting contracts and outsourcing contracts for benefit plan administration. These obligations total 1.06 billion, with 537 million due in the next 12 months. 
 
 Machinery, Energy Transportation 
 
 Net cash provided by operating activities was 6.36 billion in 2022, compared with 7.18 billion in 2021. The decrease was primarily due to payments for short-term incentive compensation in the first quarter of 2022, higher payments for taxes which includes payments related to settlements with the U.S. Internal Revenue Service and increased working capital requirements in 2022. Within working capital, changes in accounts payable unfavorably impacted cash flow but were partially offset by favorable changes in customer advances and accounts receivable. Partially offsetting these items were higher profit before taxes adjusted for non-cash items. 
 
 Net cash used for investing activities in 2022 was 1.81 billion, compared with net cash used of 1.23 billion in 2021. The change was primarily due to decreased activity related to intercompany lending with Financial Products and was partially offset by decreases in net investment activity. 
 
 Net cash used for financing activities during 2022 was 6.80 billion, compared with net cash used of 6.30 billion in 2021. The change was primarily due to higher share repurchases in 2022 and the absence of proceeds from debt issuance which occurred in 2021. These items were partially offset by lower repayments of maturing debt in 2022. 
 
 While our short-term priorities for the use of cash may vary from time to time as business needs and conditions dictate, our long-term cash deployment strategy is focused on the following priorities. Our top priority is to maintain a strong financial position in support of a mid-A rating. Next, we intend to fund operational requirements and commitments. Then, we intend to fund priorities that profitably grow the company and return capital to shareholders through dividend growth and share repurchases. Additional information on cash deployment is as follows: 
 
 Strong financial position Our top priority is to maintain a strong financial position in support of a mid-A rating. We track a diverse group of financial metrics that focus on liquidity, leverage, cash flow and margins which align with our cash deployment actions and the various methodologies used by the major credit rating agencies. 
 
 Operational excellence and commitments Capital expenditures were 1.30 billion during 2022, compared to 1.13 billion in 2021. We expect ME T s capital expenditures in 2023 to be around 1.5 billion. We made 346 million of contributions to our pension and OPEB plans during 2022. In comparison, we made 340 million of contributions to our pension and OPEB plans in 2021. We expect to make approximately 372 million of contributions to our pension and OPEB plans in 2023. 
 
 Fund strategic growth initiatives and return capital to shareholders We intend to utilize our liquidity and debt capacity to fund targeted investments that drive long-term profitable growth focused in the areas of expanded offerings and services, including acquisitions. 
 
 As part of our capital allocation strategy, ME T free cash flow is a liquidity measure we use to determine the cash generated and available for financing activities including debt repayments, dividends and share repurchases. We define ME T free cash flow as cash from ME T operations less capital expenditures, excluding discretionary pension and other postretirement benefit plan contributions and cash payments related to settlements with the U.S. Internal Revenue Service. A goal of our capital allocation strategy is to return substantially all ME T free cash flow to shareholders over time in the form of dividends and share repurchases, while maintaining our mid-A rating. 
 
 40 

Table of Contents 

 Our share repurchase plans are subject to the company s cash deployment priorities and are evaluated on an ongoing basis considering the financial condition of the company and the economic outlook, corporate cash flow, the company's liquidity needs and the health and stability of global credit markets. The timing and amount of future repurchases may vary depending on market conditions and investing priorities. In July 2018, the Board of Directors approved an authorization to repurchase up to 10.0 billion of Caterpillar common stock (the 2018 Authorization) effective January 1, 2019, with no expiration. In May 2022, the Board approved a new share repurchase authorization (the 2022 Authorization) of up to 15.0 billion of Caterpillar common stock effective August 1, 2022 with no expiration. Utilization of the 2022 Authorization for all share repurchases commenced on August 1, 2022, leaving 70 million unutilized under the 2018 Authorization. In 2022, we repurchased 4.23 billion of Caterpillar common stock, with 12.8 billion remaining under the 2022 Authorization as of December 31, 2022. Caterpillar's basic shares outstanding as of December 31, 2022 were approximately 516 million. 
 
 Each quarter, our Board of Directors reviews the company's dividend for the applicable quarter. The Board evaluates the financial condition of the company and considers the economic outlook, corporate cash flow, the company's liquidity needs, and the health and stability of global credit markets to determine whether to maintain or change the quarterly dividend. In December 2022, the Board of Directors approved maintaining our quarterly dividend representing 1.20 per share and we continue to expect our strong financial position to support the dividend. Dividends paid totaled 2.44 billion in 2022. 
 
 Financial Products 
 
 Financial Products operating cash flow was 1.52 billion in 2022, compared with 1.42 billion in 2021. Net cash used for investing activities was 356 million in 2022, compared with 1.40 billion used in 2021. The change was primarily due to portfolio related activity partially offset by lower proceeds from disposal of equipment. Net cash used for financing activities was 964 million in 2022, compared with net cash provided of 257 million in 2021. The change was primarily due to lower portfolio funding requirements. 
 
 Off-balance sheet arrangements 
 
 We are a party to certain off-balance sheet arrangements, primarily in the form of guarantees. Information related to guarantees appears in Note 21 Guarantees and product warranty of Part II, Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 

RECENT ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS 
 
 For a discussion of recent accounting pronouncements, see Note 1J New accounting guidance of Part II, Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 

CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES 
 
 The preparation of financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect reported amounts. The more significant estimates include: residual values for leased assets, fair values for goodwill impairment tests, warranty liability, reserves for product liability and insurance losses, postretirement benefits, post-sale discounts, credit losses and income taxes. We have incorporated many years of data into the determination of each of these estimates and we have not historically experienced significant adjustments. We review these assumptions at least annually with the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors. Following are the methods and assumptions used in determining our estimates and an indication of the risks inherent in each. 
 
 Residual values for leased assets We determine the residual value of Cat Financial s leased equipment based on its estimated end-of-term market value. We estimate the residual value of leased equipment at the inception of the lease based on a number of factors, including historical wholesale market sales prices, past remarketing experience and any known significant market/product trends. We also consider the following critical factors in our residual value estimates: lease term, market size and demand, total expected hours of usage, machine configuration, application, location, model changes, quantities, third-party residual guarantees and contractual customer purchase options. 
 
 Upon termination of the lease, the equipment is either purchased by the lessee or sold to a third-party, in which case we may record a gain or a loss for the difference between the estimated residual value and the sale price. 
 
 41 

Table of Contents 

 During the term of our leases, we monitor residual values. For operating leases, we record adjustments to depreciation expense reflecting changes in residual value estimates prospectively on a straight-line basis. For finance leases, we recognize residual value adjustments through a reduction of finance revenue over the remaining lease term. 
 
 We evaluate the carrying value of equipment on operating leases for potential impairment when we determine a triggering event has occurred. When a triggering event occurs, we perform a test for recoverability by comparing projected undiscounted future cash flows to the carrying value of the equipment on operating leases. If the test for recoverability identifies a possible impairment, we measure the fair value of the equipment on operating leases in accordance with the fair value measurement framework. We recognize an impairment charge for the amount by which the carrying value of the equipment on operating leases exceeds its estimated fair value. 
 
 At December 31, 2022, the aggregate residual value of equipment on operating leases was 1.71 billion. Without consideration of other factors such as third-party residual guarantees or contractual customer purchase options, a 10 percent non-temporary decrease in the market value of our equipment subject to operating leases would reduce residual value estimates and result in the recognition of approximately 80 million of additional annual depreciation expense. 
 
 Fair values for goodwill impairment tests We test goodwill for impairment annually, at the reporting unit level, and whenever events or circumstances make it more likely than not that an impairment may have occurred, such as a significant adverse change in the business climate or a decision to sell all or a portion of a reporting unit. We perform our annual goodwill impairment test as of October 1 and monitor for interim triggering events on an ongoing basis. 
 
 We review goodwill for impairment utilizing either a qualitative assessment or a quantitative goodwill impairment test. If we choose to perform a qualitative assessment and determine the fair value more likely than not exceeds the carrying value, no further evaluation is necessary. For reporting units where we perform the quantitative goodwill impairment test, we compare the fair value of each reporting unit, which we primarily determine using an income approach based on the present value of discounted cash flows, to the respective carrying value, which includes goodwill. If the fair value of the reporting unit exceeds its carrying value, we do not consider the goodwill impaired. If the carrying value is higher than the fair value, we recognize the difference as an impairment loss. 
 
 For reporting units where we perform a quantitative goodwill impairment test, the process requires valuation of the respective reporting unit, which we primarily determine using an income approach based on a discounted five year forecasted cash flow with a year-five residual value. We compute the residual value using the constant growth method, which values the forecasted cash flows in perpetuity. The assumptions about future cash flows and growth rates are based on each reporting unit's long-term forecast and are subject to review and approval by senior management. A reporting unit s discount rate is a risk-adjusted weighted average cost of capital, which we believe approximates the rate from a market participant s perspective. The estimated fair value could be impacted by changes in market conditions, interest rates, growth rates, tax rates, costs, pricing and capital expenditures. We categorize the fair value determination as Level 3 in the fair value hierarchy due to its use of internal projections and unobservable measurement inputs. 
 
 Our annual impairment tests completed in the fourth quarter of 2022 indicated the fair value of each reporting unit was substantially above its respective carrying value, including goodwill, with the exception of our Rail reporting unit. 
 
 The Rail reporting unit is a part of our Energy Transportation segment. Rail s product portfolio includes diesel-electric locomotives and other rail-related products and services. The annual impairment test completed in the fourth quarter of 2022 indicated that the fair value of Rail was below its carrying value. Accordingly, we recognized a goodwill impairment charge of 925 million, resulting in a full impairment of Rail s goodwill balance as of October 1, 2022. There was a 36 million tax benefit associated with this impairment charge. The valuation of the Rail reporting unit was based on estimates of future cash flows, which assumed a reduced demand forecast, lower margins due to continued inflationary cost pressures, and a discount rate approximately 140 basis points higher than utilized in the prior year valuation. The reduction in the demand forecast in the fourth quarter of 2022 was primarily driven by fourth quarter commercial developments, resulting in a lower outlook for the Company s locomotive offerings. 
 42 

Table of Contents 

 An unfavorable change in our expectations for the financial performance of our reporting units, particularly long-term growth and profitability, would reduce the fair value of our reporting units. The demand for our equipment and related parts is highly cyclical and significantly impacted by commodity prices, although the impact may vary by reporting unit. The energy and mining industries are major users of our products, including the mineral extraction, oil and natural gas industries. Decisions to purchase our products are dependent upon the performance of those industries, which in turn are dependent in part on commodity prices. Lower commodity prices or industry specific circumstances that have a negative impact to the valuation assumptions may reduce the fair value of our reporting units. Should such events occur and it becomes more likely than not that a reporting unit s fair value has fallen below its carrying value, we will perform an interim goodwill impairment test(s), in addition to the annual impairment test. Future impairment tests may result in a goodwill impairment, depending on the outcome of the quantitative impairment test. We would report a goodwill impairment as a non-cash charge to earnings. 
 
 Warranty liability At the time we recognize a sale, we record estimated future warranty costs. We determine the warranty liability by applying historical claim rate experience to the current field population and dealer inventory. Generally, we base historical claim rates on actual warranty experience for each product by machine model/engine size by customer or dealer location (inside or outside North America). We develop specific rates for each product shipment month and update them monthly based on actual warranty claim experience. Warranty costs may differ from those estimated if actual claim rates are higher or lower than our historical rates. 
 
 Product liability and insurance loss reserve We determine these reserves based upon reported claims in process of settlement and actuarial estimates for losses incurred but not reported. Loss reserves, including incurred but not reported reserves, are based on estimates and ultimate settlements may vary significantly from such estimates due to increased claims frequency or severity over historical levels. The amount of these reserves totaled 1.3 billion and 1.2 billion at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The majority of the balance in both 2022 and 2021 consisted of unearned insurance premiums. 
 
 Postretirement benefits We sponsor defined benefit pension plans and/or other postretirement benefit plans (retirement healthcare and life insurance) to employees in many of our locations throughout the world. There are assumptions used in the accounting for these defined benefit plans that include discount rate, expected return on plan assets, expected rate of compensation increase, the future health care trend rate, mortality and other economic and demographic assumptions. The actuarial assumptions we use may change or differ significantly from actual results, which may result in a material impact to our consolidated financial statements. 
 
 The effects of actual results differing from our assumptions and the effects of changing assumptions are considered actuarial gains or losses. We utilize a mark-to-market approach in recognizing actuarial gains or losses immediately through earnings upon the annual remeasurement in the fourth quarter, or on an interim basis as triggering events warrant remeasurement. 
 
 Primary actuarial assumptions were determined as follows: 
 
 We use the assumed discount rate to discount future benefit obligations back to today s dollars. The U.S. discount rate is based on a benefit cash flow-matching approach and represents the rate at which our benefit obligations could effectively be settled as of our measurement date, December 31. The benefit cash flow-matching approach involves analyzing Caterpillar s projected cash flows against a high quality bond yield curve, calculated using a wide population of corporate Aa bonds available on the measurement date. We use a similar approach to determine the assumed discount rate for our most significant non-U.S. plans. In estimating the service and interest cost components of net periodic benefit cost, we utilize a full yield curve approach in determining a discount rate. This approach applies the specific spot rates along the yield curve used in the determination of the benefit obligation to the relevant projected cash flows. Discount rates are sensitive to changes in interest rates. A decrease in the discount rate would increase our obligation and expense. 
 
 The expected long-term rate of return on plan assets is based on our estimate of long-term passive returns for equities and fixed income securities weighted by the allocation of our plan assets. Based on historical performance, we increase the passive returns due to our active management of the plan assets. This rate is impacted by changes in general market conditions, but because it represents a long-term rate, it is not significantly impacted by short-term market swings. Changes in our allocation of plan assets would also impact this rate. For example, a shift to more fixed income securities would lower the rate. A decrease in the rate would increase our expense. The expected return on plan assets is based on the fair value of plan asset allocations as of our measurement date, December 31. 
 
 We use the expected rate of compensation increase to develop benefit obligations using projected pay at retirement. It represents average long-term salary increases. This rate is influenced by our long-term compensation policies. An increase in the rate would increase our obligation and expense. 
 43 

Table of Contents 

The assumed health care trend rate represents the rate at which health care costs are assumed to increase and is based on historical and expected experience. Changes in our projections of future health care costs due to general economic conditions and those specific to health care (e.g., technology driven cost changes) will impact this trend rate. An increase in the trend rate would increase our obligation and expense. 
 
 We use the mortality assumption to estimate the life expectancy of plan participants. An increase in the life expectancy of plan participants will result in an increase in our obligation and expense. 
 44 

Table of Contents 

Postretirement Benefit Plan Actuarial Assumptions Sensitivity 
 
 The effects of a one percentage-point change in certain actuarial assumptions on 2022 pension and OPEB costs and obligations are as follows: 
 2022 Benefit Cost Increase (Decrease) Year-end Benefit Obligation Increase (Decrease) (Millions of dollars) One percentage- point increase One percentage- point decrease One percentage- point increase One percentage- point decrease U.S. Pension Benefits: 1 
 Assumed discount rate 101 (131) (1,151) 1,363 Expected long-term rate of return on plan assets (167) 167 Non-U.S. Pension Benefits: Assumed discount rate 17 (24) (311) 380 Expected rate of compensation increase 5 (4) 28 (22) Expected long-term rate of return on plan assets (41) 41 Other Postretirement Benefits: Assumed discount rate 9 (11) (218) 254 Expected rate of compensation increase 1 (1) Expected long-term rate of return on plan assets (2) 2 1 Effective December 31, 2019, all U.S. pension benefits were frozen, and accordingly the expected rate of compensation increase assumption is no longer applicable. 

Actuarial Assumptions 
 U.S. Pension Benefits Non-U.S. Pension Benefits Other Postretirement Benefits 2022 2021 2020 2022 2021 2020 2022 2021 2020 Weighted-average assumptions used to determine benefit obligation, end of year: Discount rate 5.4 2.8 2.4 4.3 1.8 1.4 5.4 2.7 2.3 Rate of compensation increase 1 
 2.3 2.0 2.0 4.0 4.0 4.0 Weighted-average assumptions used to determine net periodic benefit cost: Discount rate used to measure service cost 1 
 1.7 1.4 1.5 2.8 2.5 3.2 Discount rate used to measure interest cost 2.3 1.8 2.8 1.7 1.2 1.7 2.2 1.6 2.8 Expected rate of return on plan assets 4.0 4.2 5.1 3.1 2.9 3.3 6.9 6.5 7.0 Rate of compensation increase 1 
 2.0 2.0 2.0 4.0 4.0 4.0 Health care cost trend rates at year-end: Health care trend rate assumed for next year 6.5 5.6 5.8 Rate that the cost trend rate gradually declines to 4.7 5.0 5.0 Year that the cost trend rate reaches ultimate rate 2030 2025 2025 1 Effective December 31, 2019, all U.S. pension benefits were frozen, and accordingly this assumption is no longer applicable. 

See Note 12 - Postemployment benefit plans of Part II, Item 8 Financial Statement and Supplemental Data for further information regarding the accounting for postretirement benefits. 
 
 45 

Table of Contents 

 Post-sale discount reserve We provide discounts to dealers through merchandising programs. We have numerous programs that are designed to promote the sale of our products. The most common dealer programs provide a discount when the dealer sells a product to a targeted end user. The amount of accrued post-sale discounts was 1.6 billion and 1.4 billion at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The reserve represents discounts that we expect to pay on previously sold units and is reviewed at least quarterly. We adjust the reserve if discounts paid differ from those estimated. Historically, those adjustments have not been material. 
 
 Allowance for credit losses - The allowance for credit losses is management s estimate of expected losses over the life of our finance receivable portfolio calculated using loss forecast models that take into consideration historical credit loss experience, current economic conditions and forecasts and scenarios that capture country and industry-specific economic factors. In addition, we consider qualitative factors not able to be fully captured in our loss forecast models, including borrower-specific and company-specific factors. These qualitative factors are subjective and require a degree of management judgment. 
 
 We measure the allowance for credit losses on a collective (pool) basis when similar risk characteristics exist and on an individual basis when we determine that similar risk characteristics do not exist. We identify finance receivables for individual evaluation based on past due status and information available about the customer, such as financial statements, news reports and published credit ratings, as well as general information regarding industry trends and the economic environment in which our customers operate. The allowance for credit losses attributable to finance receivables that are individually evaluated is based on the present value of expected future cash flows discounted at the receivables' effective interest rate, the fair value of the collateral for collateral-dependent receivables or the observable market price of the receivable. In determining collateral value, we estimate the current fair market value of the collateral less selling costs. We also consider credit enhancements such as additional collateral and contractual third-party guarantees. 
 
 While management believes it has exercised prudent judgment and applied reasonable assumptions, there can be no assurance that in the future, changes in economic conditions or other factors would not cause changes in the financial health of our customers. If the financial health of our customers deteriorates, the timing and level of payments received could be impacted and therefore, could result in a change to our estimated losses. 
 
 Income taxes We are subject to the income tax laws of the many jurisdictions in which we operate. These tax laws are complex, and the manner in which they apply to our facts is sometimes open to interpretation. In establishing the provision for income taxes, we must make judgments about the application of these inherently complex tax laws. Our income tax positions and analysis are based on currently enacted tax law. Future changes in tax law or related interpretations could significantly impact the provision for income taxes, the amount of taxes payable, and the deferred tax asset and liability balances. Changes in tax law are reflected in the period of enactment with related interpretations considered in the period received. 
 
 Despite our belief that our tax return positions are consistent with applicable tax laws, we believe that taxing authorities could challenge certain positions. Settlement of any challenge can result in no change, a complete disallowance, or some partial adjustment reached through negotiations or litigation. We record tax benefits for uncertain tax positions based upon management s evaluation of the information available at the reporting date. To be recognized in the financial statements, a tax benefit must be at least more likely than not of being sustained based on technical merits. The benefit for positions meeting the recognition threshold is measured as the largest benefit more likely than not of being realized upon ultimate settlement with a taxing authority that has full knowledge of all relevant information. Significant judgment is required in making these determinations and adjustments to unrecognized tax benefits may be necessary to reflect actual taxes payable upon settlement. Adjustments related to positions impacting the effective tax rate affect the provision for income taxes. Adjustments related to positions impacting the timing of deductions impact deferred tax assets and liabilities. 
 
 Deferred tax assets generally represent tax benefits for tax deductions or credits available in future tax returns. Certain estimates and assumptions are required to determine whether it is more likely than not that all or some portion of the benefit of a deferred tax asset will not be realized. In making this assessment, management analyzes the trend of U.S. GAAP earnings and estimates the impact of future taxable income, reversing temporary differences and available prudent and feasible tax planning strategies. We give less weight in this analysis to mark-to-market adjustments to remeasure our pension and OPEB plans as we do not consider these adjustments indicative of ongoing earnings trends. Should a change in facts or circumstances lead to a change in judgment about the ultimate realizability of a deferred tax asset, we record or adjust the related valuation allowance in the period that the change in facts and circumstances occurs, along with a corresponding increase or decrease in the provision for income taxes. 
 
 Additional information related to income taxes is included in Note 6 - Income taxes of Part II, Item 8 Financial statements and Supplementary Data. 
 
 46 

Table of Contents 

 OTHER MATTERS 
 
 Information related to legal proceedings appears in Note 22 Environmental and Legal Matters of Part II, Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 

RETIREMENT BENEFITS 
 
 We recognize mark-to-market gains and losses immediately through earnings upon the remeasurement of our pension and OPEB plans. Mark-to-market gains and losses represent the effects of actual results differing from our assumptions and the effects of changing assumptions. Changes in discount rates and differences between the actual return on plan assets and the expected return on plan assets generally have the largest impact on mark-to-market gains and losses. 
 
 The table below summarizes the amounts of net periodic benefit cost recognized for 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, and includes expected cost for 2023. 
 
 (Millions of dollars) 2023 Expected 
 2022 2021 2020 U.S. Pension Benefits (33) (268) (388) (309) Non-U.S. Pension Benefits 1 (10) (19) 18 Other Postretirement Benefits 188 161 118 147 Mark-to-market loss (gain) 1 
 (606) (833) 383 Total net periodic benefit cost (benefit) 156 (723) (1,122) 239 
 1 Expected net periodic benefit cost (benefit) does not include an estimate for mark-to-market gains or losses. 

Expected increase in expense in 2023 compared to 2022 - Excluding the impact of mark-to-market gains and losses, our net periodic benefit cost is expected to increase 273 million in 2023. This expected increase is primarily due to higher interest cost in 2023 as a result of higher discount rates at year-end 2022 (U.S. pension plans discount rate for 2023 interest cost is 5.2 percent compared to 2.3 percent for 2022) which is partially offset by higher expected return on plan assets in 2023 (U.S. pension plans expected return on plans assets is 5.8 percent for 2023 compared to 4.0 percent in 2022). 
 Increase in expense in 2022 compared to 2021 - Primarily due to lower mark-to-market gains in 2022 compared to 2021 and higher interest cost in 2022 as a result of higher discount rates at year-end 2021. 
 Decrease in expense in 2021 compared to 2020 - Primarily due to mark-to-market gains in 2021 compared to mark-to-market losses in 2020 and lower interest cost in 2021 as a result of lower discount rates at year-end 2020. 
 The primary factors that resulted in mark-to-market losses (gains) for 2022, 2021 and 2020 are described below. We include the net mark-to-market losses (gains) in Other income (expense) in the Results of Operations. 
 
 2022 net mark-to-market gain of 606 million - Primarily due to higher discount rates at the end of 2022 compared to the end of 2021. This was partially offset by a lower actual return on plan assets compared to the expected return on plan assets (U.S. pension plans had an actual loss rate of (22.6) percent compared to an expected rate of return of 4.0 percent). 
 2021 net mark-to-market gain of 833 million - Primarily due to higher discount rates at the end of 2021 compared to the end of 2020. This was partially offset by various assumption changes and a lower actual return on plan assets compared to the expected return on plan assets (U.S. pension plans had an actual rate of return of 3.6 percent compared to an expected rate of return of 4.2 percent). 
 2020 net mark-to-market loss of 383 million - Primarily due to lower discount rates at the end of 2020 compared to the end of 2019. This was partially offset by a higher actual return on plan assets compared to the expected return on plan assets (U.S. pension plans had an actual rate of return of 16.7 percent compared to an expected rate of return of 5.1 percent). 
 
 47 

Table of Contents 

 SENSITIVITY 
 
 Foreign Exchange Rate Sensitivity 
 
 ME T operations use foreign currency forward and option contracts to manage unmatched foreign currency cash inflow and outflow. Our objective is to minimize the risk of exchange rate movements that would reduce the U.S. dollar value of our foreign currency cash flow. Our policy allows for managing anticipated foreign currency cash flow for up to approximately five years. Based on the anticipated and firmly committed cash inflow and outflow for our ME T operations for the next 12 months and the foreign currency derivative instruments in place at year-end, a hypothetical 10 percent weakening of the U.S. dollar relative to all other currencies would adversely affect our expected 2023 cash flow for our ME T operations by approximately 98 million. Last year similar assumptions and calculations yielded a potential 89 million adverse impact on 2022 cash flow. We determine our net exposures by calculating the difference in cash inflow and outflow by currency and adding or subtracting outstanding foreign currency derivative instruments. We multiply these net amounts by 10 percent to determine the sensitivity. 
 
 In managing foreign currency risk for our Financial Products operations, our objective is to minimize earnings volatility resulting from conversion and the remeasurement of net foreign currency balance sheet positions and future transactions denominated in foreign currencies. Since our policy allows the use of foreign currency forward, option and cross currency contracts to offset the risk of currency mismatch between our assets and liabilities and exchange rate risk associated with future transactions denominated in foreign currencies, a 10 percent change in the value of the U.S. dollar relative to all other currencies would not have a material effect on our consolidated financial position, results of operations or cash flow. Neither our policy nor the effect of a 10 percent change in the value of the U.S. dollar has changed from that reported at the end of last year. 
 
 The effect of the hypothetical change in exchange rates ignores the effect this movement may have on other variables, including competitive risk. If it were possible to quantify this competitive impact, the results would probably be different from the sensitivity effects shown above. In addition, it is unlikely that all currencies would uniformly strengthen or weaken relative to the U.S. dollar. In reality, some currencies may weaken while others may strengthen. Our primary exposure (excluding competitive risk) is to exchange rate movements in the Australian dollar, Chinese yuan, Mexican peso, Indian rupee and Euro. 
 
 Interest Rate Sensitivity 
 
 For our ME T operations, we have the option to use interest rate contracts to lower the cost of borrowed funds by attaching fixed-to-floating interest rate contracts to fixed-rate debt, and by entering into forward rate agreements on future debt issuances. A hypothetical 100 basis point adverse move in interest rates along the entire interest rate yield curve would have a minimal impact to the 2023 pre-tax earnings of ME T. Last year, similar assumptions and calculations yielded a minimal impact to 2022 pre-tax earnings. 
 
 For our Financial Products operations, we use interest rate derivative instruments primarily to meet our match-funding objectives and strategies. We have a match-funding policy that addresses the interest rate risk by aligning the interest rate profile (fixed or floating rate and duration) of our debt portfolio with the interest rate profile of our finance receivable portfolio within a predetermined range on an ongoing basis. In connection with that policy, we use interest rate derivative instruments to modify the debt structure to match assets within the finance receivable portfolio. Match funding reduces the volatility of margins between interest-bearing assets and interest-bearing liabilities, regardless of which direction interest rates move. 
 
 In order to properly manage sensitivity to changes in interest rates, Financial Products measures the potential impact of different interest rate assumptions on pre-tax earnings. All on-balance sheet positions, including derivative financial instruments, are included in the analysis. The primary assumptions included in the analysis are that there are no new fixed rate assets or liabilities, the proportion of fixed rate debt to fixed rate assets remains unchanged and the level of floating rate assets and debt remain constant. An analysis of the December 31, 2022 balance sheet, using these assumptions, estimates the impact of a 100 basis point immediate and sustained adverse change in interest rates to have a minimal impact on 2023 pre-tax earnings. Last year, similar assumptions and calculations yielded a minimal impact to 2022 pre-tax earnings. 
 
 This analysis does not necessarily represent our current outlook of future market interest rate movement, nor does it consider any actions management could undertake in response to changes in interest rates. Accordingly, no assurance can be given that actual results would be consistent with the results of our estimate. 
 
 48 

Table of Contents 

 NON-GAAP FINANCIAL MEASURES 
 
 We provide the following definitions for the non-GAAP financial measures used in this report. These non-GAAP financial measures have no standardized meaning prescribed by U.S. GAAP and therefore are unlikely to be comparable to the calculation of similar measures for other companies. Management does not intend these items to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for the related GAAP measures. 
 
 We believe it is important to separately quantify the profit impact of three significant items in order for our results to be meaningful to our readers. These items consist of (i) goodwill impairment, (ii) restructuring costs and (iii) pension and OPEB mark-to-market (gains) losses resulting from plan remeasurements. We do not consider these items indicative of earnings from ongoing business activities and believe the non-GAAP measures will provide investors with useful perspective on underlying business results and trends and aid with assessing our period-over-period results. In addition, we provide a calculation of ME T free cash flow as we believe it is an important measure for investors to determine the cash generation available for financing activities including debt repayments, dividends and share repurchases. 
 
 Reconciliations of adjusted results to the most directly comparable GAAP measures are as follows: 
 
 (Dollars in millions except per share data) Operating Profit Operating Profit Margin Profit Before Taxes Provision (Benefit) for Income Taxes Effective Tax Rate Profit Profit per Share Twelve Months Ended December 31, 2022 - U.S. GAAP 7,904 13.3 8,752 2,067 23.6 6,705 12.64 Goodwill impairment 925 1.6 925 36 3.9 889 1.68 Restructuring costs 299 0.5 299 72 24.0 227 0.43 Pension/OPEB mark-to-market (gains) losses (606) (124) 20.5 (482) (0.91) Twelve Months Ended December 31, 2022 - Adjusted 9,128 15.4 9,370 2,051 21.9 7,339 13.84 Twelve Months Ended December 31, 2021 - U.S. GAAP 6,878 13.5 8,204 1,742 21.2 6,489 11.83 Restructuring costs 90 0.2 90 4 4.4 86 0.15 Pension/OPEB mark-to-market (gains) losses (833) (190) 22.8 (643) (1.17) Twelve Months Ended December 31, 2021 - Adjusted 6,968 13.7 7,461 1,556 20.9 5,932 10.81 
 
 Reconciliations of ME T free cash flow to the most directly comparable GAAP measure, net cash provided by operating activities are as follows: 
 Millions of dollars Twelve Months Ended December 31, 2022 2021 ME T net cash provided by operating activities 1 
 6,358 7,177 ME T discretionary pension contributions ME T capital expenditures (1,298) (1,129) Cash payments related to settlements with the U.S. Internal Revenue Service 717 ME T free cash flow 5,777 6,048 1 See reconciliation of ME T net cash provided by operating activities to consolidated net cash provided by operating activities on page 53. 

49 

Table of Contents 

 Supplemental Consolidating Data 
 
 We are providing supplemental consolidating data for the purpose of additional analysis. We have grouped the data as follows: 
 
 Consolidated Caterpillar Inc. and its subsidiaries. 
 
 Machinery, Energy Transportation We define ME T as it is presented in the supplemental data as Caterpillar Inc. and its subsidiaries, excluding Financial Products. ME T's information relates to the design, manufacturing and marketing of our products. 
 
 Financial Products We define Financial Products as it is presented in the supplemental data as our finance and insurance subsidiaries, primarily Caterpillar Financial Services Corporation (Cat Financial) and Cat Insurance Holdings Inc. (Insurance Services). Financial Products information relates to the financing to customers and dealers for the purchase and lease of Caterpillar and other equipment. 
 
 Consolidating Adjustments Eliminations of transactions between ME T and Financial Products. 
 
 The nature of the ME T and Financial Products businesses is different, especially with regard to the financial position and cash flow items. Caterpillar management utilizes this presentation internally to highlight these differences. We believe this presentation will assist readers in understanding our business. 
 
 Pages 51 to 53 reconcile ME T and Financial Products to Caterpillar Inc. consolidated financial information. Certain amounts for prior periods have been reclassified to conform to current year presentation. 
 
 50 

Table of Contents 

 Supplemental Data for Results of Operations For The Years Ended December 31 Supplemental consolidating data Consolidated Machinery, Energy Transportation Financial Products Consolidating Adjustments (Millions of dollars) 2022 2021 2020 2022 2021 2020 2022 2021 2020 2022 2021 2020 Sales and revenues: Sales of Machinery, Energy Transportation 56,574 48,188 39,022 56,574 48,188 39,022 Revenues of Financial Products 2,853 2,783 2,726 3,376 3,172 3,110 (523) 1 (389) 1 (384) 1 Total sales and revenues 59,427 50,971 41,748 56,574 48,188 39,022 3,376 3,172 3,110 (523) (389) (384) Operating costs: Cost of goods sold 41,350 35,513 29,082 41,356 35,521 29,088 (6) 2 (8) 2 (6) 2 Selling, general and administrative expenses 5,651 5,365 4,642 4,999 4,724 3,915 672 654 746 (20) 2 (13) 2 (19) 2 Research and development expenses 1,814 1,686 1,415 1,814 1,686 1,415 Interest expense of Financial Products 565 455 589 565 455 591 (2) 3 Goodwill impairment charge 925 925 Other operating (income) expenses 1,218 1,074 1,467 47 (106) 283 1,249 1,247 1,236 (78) 2 (67) 2 (52) 2 Total operating costs 51,523 44,093 37,195 49,141 41,825 34,701 2,486 2,356 2,573 (104) (88) (79) Operating profit 7,904 6,878 4,553 7,433 6,363 4,321 890 816 537 (419) (301) (305) Interest expense excluding Financial Products 443 488 514 444 488 513 (1) 3 1 3 Other income (expense) 1,291 1,814 (44) 1,374 2,276 (62) (26) 87 32 (57) 4 (549) 4 (14) 4 Consolidated profit before taxes 8,752 8,204 3,995 8,363 8,151 3,746 864 903 569 (475) (850) (320) Provision (benefit) for income taxes 2,067 1,742 1,006 1,858 1,517 853 209 225 153 Profit of consolidated companies 6,685 6,462 2,989 6,505 6,634 2,893 655 678 416 (475) (850) (320) Equity in profit (loss) of unconsolidated affiliated companies 19 31 14 26 42 29 (7) 5 (11) 5 (15) 5 Profit of consolidated and affiliated companies 6,704 6,493 3,003 6,531 6,676 2,922 655 678 416 (482) (861) (335) Less: Profit (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests (1) 4 5 (1) 3 5 7 12 15 (7) 6 (11) 6 (15) 6 Profit 7 
 6,705 6,489 2,998 6,532 6,673 2,917 648 666 401 (475) (850) (320) 

1 Elimination of Financial Products' revenues earned from ME T. 
 2 Elimination of net expenses recorded by ME T paid to Financial Products. 
 3 Elimination of interest expense recorded between Financial Products and ME T. 
 4 Elimination of discount recorded by ME T on receivables sold to Financial Products and of interest earned between ME T and Financial Products as well as dividends paid by Financial Products to ME T. 
 5 Elimination of equity profit (loss) earned from Financial Products subsidiaries partially owned by ME T subsidiaries. 
 6 Elimination of noncontrolling interest profit (loss) recorded by Financial Products for subsidiaries partially owned by ME T subsidiaries. 
 7 Profit attributable to common shareholders. 

51 

Table of Contents 

 Supplemental Data for Financial Position At December 31 Supplemental consolidating data Consolidated Machinery, Energy Transportation Financial Products Consolidating Adjustments (Millions of dollars) 2022 2021 2022 2021 2022 2021 2022 2021 Assets Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents 7,004 9,254 6,042 8,428 962 826 Receivables - trade and other 8,856 8,477 3,710 3,279 519 435 4,627 1,2 
 4,763 1,2 
 Receivables - finance 9,013 8,898 13,902 13,828 (4,889) 2 (4,930) 2 Prepaid expenses and other current assets 2,642 2,788 2,488 2,567 290 358 (136) 3 (137) 3 Inventories 16,270 14,038 16,270 14,038 
 
 Total current assets 43,785 43,455 28,510 28,312 15,673 15,447 (398) (304) Property, plant and equipment - net 12,028 12,090 8,186 8,172 3,842 3,918 
 
 Long-term receivables - trade and other 1,265 1,204 418 375 339 204 508 1,2 
 625 1,2 
 Long-term receivables - finance 12,013 12,707 12,552 13,358 (539) 2 (651) 2 Noncurrent deferred and refundable income taxes 2,213 1,840 2,755 2,396 115 105 (657) 4 (661) 4 Intangible assets 758 1,042 758 1,042 
 Goodwill 5,288 6,324 5,288 6,324 Other assets 4,593 4,131 3,882 3,388 1,892 1,952 (1,181) 5 (1,209) 5 Total assets 81,943 82,793 49,797 50,009 34,413 34,984 (2,267) (2,200) Liabilities Current liabilities: Short-term borrowings 5,957 5,404 3 9 5,954 5,395 Accounts payable 8,689 8,154 8,657 8,079 294 242 (262) 6 (167) 6 Accrued expenses 4,080 3,757 3,687 3,385 393 372 Accrued wages, salaries and employee benefits 2,313 2,242 2,264 2,186 49 56 
 
 Customer advances 1,860 1,087 1,860 1,086 1 
 
 Dividends payable 620 595 620 595 
 
 Other current liabilities 2,690 2,256 2,215 1,773 635 642 (160) 4,7 
 (159) 4,7 
 Long-term debt due within one year 5,322 6,352 120 45 5,202 6,307 
 
 Total current liabilities 31,531 29,847 19,426 17,158 12,527 13,015 (422) (326) Long-term debt due after one year 25,714 26,033 9,529 9,772 16,216 16,287 (31) 8 (26) 8 Liability for postemployment benefits 4,203 5,592 4,203 5,592 
 
 Other liabilities 4,604 4,805 3,677 4,106 1,638 1,425 (711) 4 (726) 4 Total liabilities 66,052 66,277 36,835 36,628 30,381 30,727 (1,164) (1,078) Commitments and contingencies Shareholders equity Common stock 6,560 6,398 6,560 6,398 905 919 (905) 9 (919) 9 Treasury stock (31,748) (27,643) (31,748) (27,643) 
 
 Profit employed in the business 43,514 39,282 39,435 35,390 4,068 3,881 11 9 11 9 Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) (2,457) (1,553) (1,310) (799) (1,147) (754) Noncontrolling interests 22 32 25 35 206 211 (209) 9 (214) 9 Total shareholders equity 15,891 16,516 12,962 13,381 4,032 4,257 (1,103) (1,122) Total liabilities and shareholders equity 81,943 82,793 49,797 50,009 34,413 34,984 (2,267) (2,200) 

1 Elimination of receivables between ME T and Financial Products. 
 2 Reclassification of ME T s trade receivables purchased by Financial Products and Financial Products wholesale inventory receivables. 
 3 Elimination of ME T's insurance premiums that are prepaid to Financial Products. 
 4 Reclassification reflecting required netting of deferred tax assets/liabilities by taxing jurisdiction. 
 5 Elimination of other intercompany assets between ME T and Financial Products. 
 6 Elimination of payables between ME T and Financial Products. 
 7 Elimination of prepaid insurance in Financial Products other liabilities. 
 8 Elimination of debt between ME T and Financial Products. 
 9 Eliminations associated with ME T s investments in Financial Products subsidiaries. 

52 

Table of Contents 

 Supplemental Data for Statement of Cash Flow For the Years Ended December 31 Supplemental consolidating data Consolidated Machinery, Energy Transportation Financial Products Consolidating Adjustments (Millions of dollars) 2022 2021 2022 2021 2022 2021 2022 2021 Cash flow from operating activities: Profit (loss) of consolidated and affiliated companies 6,704 6,493 6,531 6,676 655 678 (482) 1,5 
 (861) 1,5 
 Adjustments for non-cash items: 
 
 Depreciation and amortization 2,219 2,352 1,439 1,550 780 802 
 
 Actuarial (gain) loss on pension and postretirement benefits (606) (833) (606) (833) Provision (benefit) for deferred income taxes (377) (383) (368) (329) (9) (54) Goodwill impairment charge 925 925 Other 701 216 452 131 (205) (209) 454 2 
 294 2 
 Changes in assets and liabilities, net of acquisitions and divestitures: 
 
 Receivables - trade and other (220) (1,259) (390) (463) 143 47 27 2,3 
 (843) 2,3 
 Inventories (2,589) (2,586) (2,572) (2,581) (17) 2 
 (5) 2 
 Accounts payable 798 2,041 811 2,015 82 49 (95) 2 
 (23) 2 
 Accrued expenses 317 196 274 288 43 (92) Accrued wages, salaries and employee benefits 90 1,107 97 1,066 (7) 41 
 
 Customer advances 768 34 769 33 (1) 1 Other assets net (210) (97) (183) (200) (35) 25 8 2 
 78 2 
 Other liabilities net (754) (83) (821) (176) 71 132 (4) 2 
 (39) 2 
 Net cash provided by (used for) operating activities 7,766 7,198 6,358 7,177 1,517 1,420 (109) (1,399) Cash flow from investing activities: 
 Capital expenditures excluding equipment leased to others (1,296) (1,093) (1,279) (1,088) (20) (16) 3 2 
 11 2 
 Expenditures for equipment leased to others (1,303) (1,379) (19) (41) (1,310) (1,347) 26 2 
 9 2 
 Proceeds from disposals of leased assets and property, plant and equipment 830 1,265 78 186 764 1,095 (12) 2 
 (16) 2 
 Additions to finance receivables (13,239) (13,002) (14,223) (13,845) 984 3 
 843 3 
 Collections of finance receivables 13,177 12,430 14,052 13,337 (875) 3 
 (907) 3 
 Net intercompany purchased receivables 492 (609) (492) 3 
 609 3 
 Proceeds from sale of finance receivables 57 51 57 51 Net intercompany borrowings 1,000 9 5 (9) 4 
 (1,005) 4 
 Investments and acquisitions (net of cash acquired) (88) (490) (88) (490) Proceeds from sale of businesses and investments (net of cash sold) 1 36 1 36 Proceeds from sale of securities 2,383 785 1,948 274 435 511 
 
 Investments in securities (3,077) (1,766) (2,549) (1,189) (528) (577) 
 
 Other net 14 79 98 81 (84) (2) Net cash provided by (used for) investing activities (2,541) (3,084) (1,810) (1,231) (356) (1,397) (375) 
 (456) 
 Cash flow from financing activities: 
 
 Dividends paid (2,440) (2,332) (2,440) (2,332) (475) (850) 475 5 
 850 5 
 Common stock issued, including treasury shares reissued 51 135 51 135 Common shares repurchased (4,230) (2,668) (4,230) (2,668) Net intercompany borrowings (9) (5) (1,000) 9 4 
 1,005 4 
 Proceeds from debt issued (original maturities greater than three months) 6,674 6,989 494 6,674 6,495 
 
 Payments on debt (original maturities greater than three months) (7,728) (9,796) (25) (1,919) (7,703) (7,877) 
 
 Short-term borrowings - net (original maturities three months or less) 402 3,488 (138) (1) 540 3,489 
 
 Other net (10) (4) (10) (4) 
 Net cash provided by (used for) financing activities (7,281) (4,188) (6,801) (6,300) (964) 257 484 1,855 Effect of exchange rate changes on cash (194) (29) (131) (35) (63) 6 
 
 Increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash (2,250) (103) (2,384) (389) 134 286 
 
 Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at beginning of period 9,263 9,366 8,433 8,822 830 544 
 
 Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at end of period 7,013 9,263 6,049 8,433 964 830 

1 Elimination of equity profit earned from Financial Products subsidiaries partially owned by ME T subsidiaries. 
 2 Elimination of non-cash adjustments and changes in assets and liabilities related to consolidated reporting. 
 3 Reclassification of Financial Products cash flow activity from investing to operating for receivables that arose from the sale of inventory. 
 4 Elimination of net proceeds and payments to/from ME T and Financial Products. 
 5 Elimination of dividend activity between Financial Products and ME T. 

53 

Table of Contents 

 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 
 
 Information required by Item 7A appears in Note 1 Operations and summary of significant accounting policies, Note 4 Derivative financial instruments and risk management, Note 18 Fair value disclosures and Note 19 Concentration of credit risk of Part II, Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. Other information required by Item 7A is included in Part II, Item 7 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 
 54 

Table of Contents 

 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 

MANAGEMENT S REPORT ON 
 INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING 
 
 The management of Caterpillar Inc. (company) is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as such term is defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act. Our internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of our financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. Our internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 Management assessed the effectiveness of the company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. In making this assessment, we used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013). Based on our assessment we concluded that, as of December 31, 2022, the company s internal control over financial reporting was effective based on those criteria. 
 
 The effectiveness of the company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 has been audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm. Their report appears on pages 56-57. 

/s/ D. James Umpleby III D. James Umpleby III Chief Executive Officer /s/ Andrew R.J. Bonfield Andrew R.J. Bonfield Chief Financial Officer February 15, 2023 

55 

Table of Contents 

 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 To the Board of Directors and Shareholders of Caterpillar Inc. 
 
 Opinions on the Financial Statements and Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated statement of financial position of Caterpillar Inc. and its subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related consolidated statements of results of operations, of comprehensive income (loss), of changes in shareholders' equity and of cash flow for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, including the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). We also have audited the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). 
 
 In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Also in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the COSO. 
 
 Basis for Opinions 
 
 The Company's management is responsible for these consolidated financial statements, for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express opinions on the Company s consolidated financial statements and on the Company's internal control over financial reporting based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud, and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
 
 Our audits of the consolidated financial statements included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions. 
 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 56 

Table of Contents 

 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 Critical Audit Matters 
 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (i) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (ii) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 
 Caterpillar SARL CSARL Internal Revenue Services IRS Settlement 
 
 As described in Note 6 to the consolidated financial statements, on September 8, 2022, management reached a settlement with the IRS that resolved all issues for tax years 2007 through 2016, without any penalties. The Company's settlement includes, among other issues, the resolution of disputed tax treatment of profits earned by CSARL from certain parts transactions. The IRS previously proposed increases to tax and imposition of accuracy related penalties based on application of the substance-over-form or assignment-of-income judicial doctrines, but the settlement did not include any increases to tax in the United States based on the judicial doctrines and does not include any penalties. The final tax assessed by the IRS for all issues under the settlement was 490 million for the ten-year period. This amount was primarily paid in 2022 along with associated interest of 250 million. As a result of the settlement, the Company recorded a discrete tax benefit of 41 million within the provision (benefit) for income taxes of 2,067 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 The principal considerations for our determination that performing procedures relating to the CSARL IRS settlement is a critical audit matter are (i) the significant judgment by management in evaluating the impact of the settlement on income taxes; (ii) a high degree of auditor judgment, subjectivity and effort in performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence relating to the settlement; and (iii) the audit effort involved the use of professionals with specialized skill and knowledge. 
 
 Addressing the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion on the consolidated financial statements. These procedures included testing the effectiveness of controls relating to income taxes. These procedures also included, among others (i) reading the settlement documents; (ii) evaluating management s process for determining the impact of the settlement to tax years 2007-2016; and (iii) evaluating management s assessment of other impacts of the settlement, including the amount of interest owed to the IRS. Professionals with specialized skill and knowledge were used to assist in evaluating the applicable tax laws and judicial doctrines related to the settlement, as well as changes in relevant tax regulations, rulings, and case law. 

/s/ PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP 
 Chicago, Illinois 
 February 15, 2023 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 1925. 

57 

Table of Contents 

 STATEMENT 1 Caterpillar Inc. Consolidated Results of Operations for the Years Ended December 31 (Dollars in millions except per share data) 2022 2021 2020 Sales and revenues: Sales of Machinery, Energy Transportation Revenues of Financial Products Total sales and revenues Operating costs: Cost of goods sold Selling, general and administrative expenses Research and development expenses Interest expense of Financial Products Goodwill impairment charge Other operating (income) expenses Total operating costs Operating profit Interest expense excluding Financial Products Other income (expense) ) Consolidated profit before taxes Provision (benefit) for income taxes Profit of consolidated companies Equity in profit (loss) of unconsolidated affiliated companies Profit of consolidated and affiliated companies Less: Profit (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests ) Profit 1 
 Profit per common share Profit per common share diluted 2 
 Weighted-average common shares outstanding (millions) - Basic - Diluted 2 

1 
 2 
 See accompanying notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 58 

Table of Contents 

 STATEMENT 2 Caterpillar Inc. Consolidated Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the Years Ended December 31 (Millions of dollars) 2022 2021 2020 Profit (loss) of consolidated and affiliated companies Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax (Note 17): Foreign currency translation: ) ) Pension and other postretirement benefits: ) ) Derivative financial instruments: ) Available-for-sale securities: ) ) Total other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax ) ) Comprehensive income (loss) Less: comprehensive income attributable to the noncontrolling interests ) Comprehensive income (loss) attributable to shareholders 
 See accompanying notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 59 

Table of Contents 

STATEMENT 3 Caterpillar Inc. Consolidated Financial Position at December 31 (Dollars in millions) 2022 2021 Assets Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Receivables trade and other Receivables finance Prepaid expenses and other current assets Inventories Total current assets Property, plant and equipment net Long-term receivables trade and other Long-term receivables finance Noncurrent deferred and refundable income taxes Intangible assets Goodwill Other assets Total assets Liabilities Current liabilities: Short-term borrowings: Machinery, Energy Transportation Financial Products Accounts payable Accrued expenses Accrued wages, salaries and employee benefits Customer advances Dividends payable Other current liabilities Long-term debt due within one year: Machinery, Energy Transportation Financial Products Total current liabilities Long-term debt due after one year: Machinery, Energy Transportation Financial Products Liability for postemployment benefits Other liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies (Notes 21 and 22) Shareholders equity Common stock of par value: 
 Authorized shares: 
 Issued shares: (2022 and 2021 shares) at paid-in amount 
 Treasury stock: (2022 - shares; and 2021 - shares) at cost 
 ) ) Profit employed in the business Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Noncontrolling interests Total shareholders equity Total liabilities and shareholders equity 
 See accompanying notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 60 

Table of Contents 

 STATEMENT 4 Caterpillar Inc. Changes in Consolidated Shareholders Equity for the Years Ended December 31 (Dollars in millions) Common stock Treasury stock Profit employed in the business Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) Noncontrolling interests Total Balance at December 31, 2019 ) ) Adjustments to adopt new accounting guidance Credit losses ) ) Balance at January 1, 2020 ) ) Profit (loss) of consolidated and affiliated companies Foreign currency translation, net of tax Pension and other postretirement benefits, net of tax ) ) Derivative financial instruments, net of tax Available-for-sale securities, net of tax Dividends declared ) ) Distribution to noncontrolling interests 
 Common shares issued from treasury stock for stock-based compensation: 
 ) Stock-based compensation expense Common shares repurchased: 
 ) ) Other ) Balance at December 31, 2020 ) ) Profit (loss) of consolidated and affiliated companies Foreign currency translation, net of tax ) ) Pension and other postretirement benefits, net of tax ) ) Derivative financial instruments, net of tax ) ) Available-for-sale securities, net of tax ) ) Change in ownership from noncontrolling interests ) ) Dividends declared ) ) Distribution to noncontrolling interests ) ) Common shares issued from treasury stock for stock-based compensation: 
 ) Stock-based compensation expense Common shares repurchased: 
 ) ) Other ) Balance at December 31, 2021 ) ) 
 
 (Continued) 
 61 

Table of Contents 

 STATEMENT 4 Caterpillar Inc. Changes in Consolidated Shareholders Equity for the Years Ended December 31 (Dollars in millions) Common stock Treasury stock Profit employed in the business Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) Noncontrolling interests Total Balance at December 31, 2021 ) ) Profit (loss) of consolidated and affiliated companies ) Foreign currency translation, net of tax ) ) Pension and other postretirement benefits, net of tax Derivative financial instruments, net of tax Available-for-sale securities, net of tax ) ) Change in ownership from noncontrolling interests Dividends declared 1 
 ) ) Distribution to noncontrolling interests ) ) Common shares issued from treasury stock for stock-based compensation: 
 ) Stock-based compensation expense Common shares repurchased: 2 
 ) ) Other Balance at December 31, 2022 ) ) 

1 , and were declared in the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 2 

See accompanying notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 62 

Table of Contents 

 STATEMENT 5 Caterpillar Inc. Consolidated Statement of Cash Flow for the Years Ended December 31 (Millions of dollars) 2022 2021 2020 Cash flow from operating activities: Profit (loss) of consolidated and affiliated companies Adjustments for non-cash items: Depreciation and amortization Actuarial (gain) loss on pension and postretirement benefits ) ) Provision (benefit) for deferred income taxes ) ) ) Goodwill impairment charge Other Changes in assets and liabilities, net of acquisitions and divestitures: Receivables trade and other 
 ) ) Inventories ) ) ) Accounts payable Accrued expenses ) Accrued wages, salaries and employee benefits ) Customer advances ) Other assets net 
 ) ) ) Other liabilities net 
 ) ) ) Net cash provided by (used for) operating activities Cash flow from investing activities: Capital expenditures excluding equipment leased to others 
 ) ) ) Expenditures for equipment leased to others ) ) ) Proceeds from disposals of leased assets and property, plant and equipment Additions to finance receivables ) ) ) Collections of finance receivables Proceeds from sale of finance receivables Investments and acquisitions (net of cash acquired) ) ) ) Proceeds from sale of businesses and investments (net of cash sold) Proceeds from sale of securities Investments in securities ) ) ) Other net 
 ) Net cash provided by (used for) investing activities ) ) ) Cash flow from financing activities: Dividends paid ) ) ) Common stock issued, including treasury shares reissued Common shares repurchased ) ) ) Proceeds from debt issued (original maturities greater than three months): - Machinery, Energy Transportation - Financial Products Payments on debt (original maturities greater than three months): - Machinery, Energy Transportation ) ) ) - Financial Products ) ) ) Short-term borrowings net (original maturities three months or less) 
 ) Other net 
 ) ) ) Net cash provided by (used for) financing activities ) ) ) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash ) ) ) Increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash ) ) Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at beginning of period Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at end of period 
 
 Cash equivalents primarily represent short-term, highly liquid investments with original maturities of generally three months or less . 
 See accompanying notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 63 

Table of Contents 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

1. 

located in the United States and located outside the United States, serving countries. We sell reciprocating engines principally through the dealer network and to other manufacturers for use in products. We also sell some of the reciprocating engines manufactured by our subsidiary Perkins Engines Company Limited through its worldwide network of distributors covering countries. We sell the FG Wilson branded electric power generation systems through its worldwide network of distributors covering countries. We also sell some of the large, medium speed reciprocating engines under the MaK brand through a worldwide network of distributors covering countries. Our dealers do not deal exclusively with our products; however, in most cases sales and servicing of our products are the dealers principal business. We sell some products, primarily turbines and locomotives, to end customers through sales forces employed by the company. At times, these employees are assisted by independent sales representatives. 
 
 The Financial Products line of business also conducts operations under highly competitive conditions. Financing for users of Caterpillar products is available through a variety of competitive sources, principally commercial banks and finance and leasing companies. We offer various financing, insurance and risk management products designed to support sales of our products and generate financing income for our company. We conduct a significant portion of Financial Products activity in North America, with additional offices in Latin America, Asia/Pacific, Europe, Africa and the Middle East. 

64 

Table of Contents 

percent and percent of total inventories at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 If the FIFO (first-in, first-out) method had been in use, inventories would have been million and million higher than reported at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

million, million and million, respectively, which we include in Other operating (income) expenses in Statement 1. In 2022, 2021 and 2020, consolidated depreciation expense was million, million and million, respectively. We compute amortization of purchased finite-lived intangibles principally using the straight-line method, generally not to exceed a period of years. 

65 

66 

Table of Contents 

 2. 
 
 million, million and million as of December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Long-term trade receivables from dealers and end users were million, million and million as of December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 Our standard dealer invoice terms are established by marketing region. Our invoice terms for end user sales are established by the responsible business unit. Payments from dealers are due shortly after the time of sale. When we make a sale to a dealer, the dealer is responsible for payment even if the product is not sold to an end user. Dealers and end users must make payment within the established invoice terms to avoid potential interest costs. Interest at or above prevailing market rates may be charged on any past due balance, and generally our practice is to not forgive this interest. Our allowance for credit losses is not significant for ME T receivables. 

67 

Table of Contents 

 million, million and million as of December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 We invoice in advance of recognizing the sale of certain products. We recognize advanced customer payments as a contract liability in Customer advances and Other liabilities in Statement 3. Contract liabilities were million, million and million as of December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. We reduce the contract liability when we recognize revenue. During 2022, we recognized million of revenue that was recorded as a contract liability at the beginning of 2022. During 2021, we recognized million of revenue that was recorded as a contract liability at the beginning of 2021. 
 
 We have elected the practical expedient to not adjust the amount of revenue to be recognized under a contract with a dealer or end user for the effects of time value of money when the timing difference between receipt of payment and recognition of revenue is less than one year. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we have entered into contracts with dealers and end users for which sales have not been recognized as we have not satisfied our performance obligations and transferred control of the products. The dollar amount of unsatisfied performance obligations for contracts with an original duration greater than one year is billion, with about one-half of the amount expected to be completed and revenue recognized in the following December 31, 2022. We have elected the practical expedient to not disclose unsatisfied performance obligations with an original contract duration of one year or less. Contracts with an original duration of one year or less are primarily sales to dealers for machinery, engines and replacement parts. 
 
 We exclude sales and other related taxes from the transaction price. We account for shipping and handling costs associated with outbound freight after control over a product has transferred as a fulfillment cost which is included in Cost of goods sold. 
 
 We provide a standard manufacturer s warranty of our products at no additional cost. At the time we recognize a sale, we record estimated future warranty costs. See Note 21 for further discussion of our product warranty liabilities. 
 
 See Note 23 for further disaggregated sales and revenues information. 
 
 B. Revenues of Financial Products 
 
 Revenues of Financial Products are generated primarily from finance revenue on finance receivables and rental payments on operating leases. We record finance revenue over the life of the related finance receivables using the interest method, including the accretion of certain direct origination costs that are deferred. We recognize revenue from rental payments received on operating leases on a straight-line basis over the term of the lease. 
 
 days past due). We resume recognition of revenue, and recognize previously suspended income, when we consider collection of remaining amounts to be probable. We write off interest earned but uncollected prior to the receivables being placed on non-accrual status through Provision for credit losses when, in the judgment of management, we consider it to be uncollectible. See Note 7 for more information. 

3. 
 68 

Table of Contents 

 Common Shares would be reserved for future issuance under the Plan, subject to adjustment in certain events. Subsequent to the shareholder approval of the amendment and restatement of the Plan, an additional Common Shares became available for all awards under the Plan. 
 
 Common stock issued from Treasury stock under the plans totaled for 2022, for 2021 and for 2020. The total number of shares authorized for equity awards under the amended and restated Caterpillar Inc. 2014 Long-Term Incentive Plan is , of which shares remained available for issuance as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 Stock option and RSU awards generally vest according to a graded vesting schedule. One-third of the award will become vested on the first anniversary of the grant date, one-third of the award will become vested on the second anniversary of the grant date and one-third of the award will become vested on the third anniversary of the grant date. PRSU awards generally have a performance period and cliff vest at the end of the period based upon achievement of performance targets established at the time of grant. 
 
 Upon separation from service, if the participant is years of age or older with more than of service, the participant meets the criteria for a Long Service Separation. Award terms for stock option and RSU grants allow for continued vesting as of each vesting date specified in the award document for employees who meet the criteria for a Long Service Separation and fulfill a requisite service period of six months. We recognize compensation expense for eligible employees for the grants over the period from the grant date to the end date of the six-month requisite service period. For employees who become eligible for a Long Service Separation subsequent to the end date of the six-month requisite service period and prior to the completion of the vesting period, we recognized compensation expense over the period from the grant date to the date eligibility is achieved. 
 
 Award terms for PRSU grants allow for continued vesting upon achievement of the performance target specified in the award document for employees who meet the criteria for a Long Service Separation and fulfill a requisite service period of six months. We recognize compensation expense for the PRSU grants with respect to employees who have met the criteria for a Long Service Separation over the period from the grant date to the end of the six-month requisite service period. For employees who become eligible for a Long Service Separation subsequent to the end date of the six-month requisite service period and prior to the completion of the vesting period, we recognize compensation expense over the period from the grant date to the date eligibility is achieved. 
 
 At grant, option awards have a term life of . For awards granted prior to 2016, if the Long Service Separation criteria are met, the vested options have a life that is the lesser of from the original grant date or from the separation date. For awards granted beginning in 2016, the vested options have a life equal to from the original grant date. 
 
 Accounting guidance on share-based payments requires companies to estimate the fair value of options on the date of grant using an option-pricing model. The fair value of our option grants was estimated using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model. The Black-Scholes option-pricing model considers a range of assumptions related to volatility, risk-free interest rate and historical employee behavior. Expected volatility was based on historical Caterpillar stock price movement and current implied volatilities from traded options on Caterpillar stock. The risk-free interest rate was based on U.S. Treasury security yields at the time of grant. The weighted-average dividend yield was based on historical information. We determine the expected life from the actual historical employee exercise behavior. 
 
 69 

Table of Contents 

 Weighted-average volatility Range of volatilities - 
 - 
 - 
 Range of risk-free interest rates - 
 - 
 - 
 Weighted-average expected lives years years years 
 
 Beginning with the 2018 grant, we credit RSU and PRSU awards with dividend equivalent units on each date that we pay a cash dividend to holders of Common stock. We determine the fair value of the RSU and PRSU awards granted in 2022, 2021 and 2020 as the closing stock price on the date of the grant. 
 
 Granted to officers and key employees Exercised ) Vested ) ) Forfeited / expired ) ) ) Outstanding at December 31, 2022 
 Exercisable at December 31, 2022 
 
 Stock options outstanding and exercisable as of December 31, 2022: 
 Outstanding Exercisable Exercise Prices Shares Outstanding at 12/31/2022 Weighted- Average Remaining Contractual Life (Years) Weighted- Average Exercise Price Aggregate 
 Intrinsic Value 1 
 Shares Outstanding at 12/31/2022 Weighted- Average Remaining Contractual Life (Years) Weighted- Average Exercise Price Aggregate 
 Intrinsic Value 1 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

1 The difference between a stock award s exercise price and the underlying stock s closing market price at December 31, 2022, for awards with market price greater than the exercise price. Amounts are in millions of dollars. 

The computations of weighted-average exercise prices and aggregate intrinsic values are not applicable to RSUs or PRSUs since these awards represent an agreement to issue shares of stock at the time of vesting. At December 31, 2022, there were outstanding RSUs with a weighted average remaining contractual life of years and outstanding PRSUs with a weighted-average remaining contractual life of years. 
 70 

Table of Contents 

 Intrinsic value of stock awards exercised Fair value of stock awards vested 1 
 Cash received from stock awards exercised RSUs activity: Weighted-average fair value per share of stock awards granted Fair value of stock awards vested 2 
 PRSUs activity: Weighted-average fair value per share of stock awards granted Fair value of stock awards vested 2 

1 Based on the grant date fair value. 
 2 Based on the underlying stock s closing market price on the vesting date. 

In accordance with guidance on share-based payments, stock-based compensation expense is based on the grant date fair value and is classified within Cost of goods sold, Selling, general and administrative expenses and Research and development expenses corresponding to the same line item as the cash compensation paid to respective employees, officers and non-employee directors. We recognize stock-based compensation expense on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period for awards with terms that specify cliff or graded vesting and contain only service conditions. Stock-based compensation expense for PRSUs is based on the probable number of shares expected to vest and is recognized primarily on a straight-line basis. 
 
 Before tax, stock-based compensation expense for 2022, 2021 and 2020 was million, million and million, respectively, with a corresponding income tax benefit of million, million and million, respectively. 
 
 The amount of stock-based compensation expense capitalized for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 did not have a significant impact on our financial statements. 
 
 At December 31, 2022, there was million of total unrecognized compensation cost from stock-based compensation arrangements granted under the plans, which is related to non-vested stock-based awards. We expect to recognize the compensation expense over a weighted-average period of approximately years. 
 
 We currently use shares in Treasury stock to satisfy share award exercises. 
 
 million, million and million, respectively. We use the direct only method and tax law ordering approach to calculate the tax effects of stock-based compensation. 
 
 71 

Table of Contents 

 4. 
 
 . As of December 31, 2022, the maximum term of these outstanding contracts at inception was approximately months. 
 
 We generally designate as cash flow hedges at inception of the contract any foreign currency forward or option contracts that meet the requirements for hedge accounting and the maturity extends beyond the current quarter-end. We perform designation on a specific exposure basis to support hedge accounting. The remainder of ME T foreign currency contracts are undesignated. 
 
 72 

Table of Contents 

 horizon. All such commodity forward and option contracts are undesignated. 
 
 73 

Table of Contents 

 ) ) Interest rate contracts ) ) Total ) ) Undesignated derivatives Foreign exchange contracts ) ) Commodity contracts ) ) Total ) ) 1 Assets are classified in Statement 3 as Receivables - trade and other or Long-term receivables - trade and other. 
 2 Liabilities are classified in Statement 3 as Accrued expenses or Other liabilities. 

The total notional amounts of the derivative instruments as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 were billion and billion, respectively. The notional amounts of the derivative financial instruments do not represent amounts exchanged by the parties. We calculate the amounts exchanged by the parties by referencing the notional amounts and by other terms of the derivatives, such as foreign currency exchange rates, interest rates or commodity prices. 
 
 74 

Table of Contents ) ) ) Interest rate contracts ) ) ) ) Commodity contracts Total ) ) ) ) 1 Foreign exchange contract and Commodity contract gains (losses) are included in Other income (expense). Interest rate contract gains (losses) are primarily included in Interest expense of Financial Products. 
 2 Foreign exchange contract gains (losses) are primarily included in Other income (expense) in Statement 1. Interest rate contract gains (losses) are primarily included in Interest expense of Financial Products in Statement 1. 

Long-term debt due after one year ) ) Total ) 
 
 We enter into International Swaps and Derivatives Association (ISDA) master netting agreements within ME T and Financial Products that permit the net settlement of amounts owed under their respective derivative contracts. Under these master netting agreements, net settlement generally permits the company or the counterparty to determine the net amount payable for contracts due on the same date and in the same currency for similar types of derivative transactions. The master netting agreements may also provide for net settlement of all outstanding contracts with a counterparty in the case of an event of default or a termination event. 
 
 Collateral is typically not required of the counterparties or of our company under the master netting agreements. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, no cash collateral was received or pledged under the master netting agreements. 
 
 ) ) Financial Instruments Not Offset ) ) Cash Collateral Received Net Amount ) ) 

75 

Table of Contents 

 Foreign exchange gains (losses) 1 
 ) License fee income Gains (losses) on securities ) Net periodic pension and OPEB income (cost), excluding service cost 
 
 ) Miscellaneous income (loss) ) Total ) 1 Includes gains (losses) from foreign exchange derivative contracts. See Note 4 for further details. 

(Decreases) increases resulting from: Non-U.S. subsidiaries taxed at other than the U.S. rate State and local taxes, net of federal 1 
 Interest and penalties, net of tax 1 
 U.S. tax incentives ) ) ) ) ) ) Net excess tax benefits from stock-based compensation ) ) ) ) ) ) Prior year tax and interest adjustments ) ) ) ) ) ) Nondeductible goodwill Other net ) ) ) ) Provision (benefit) for income taxes 1 Excludes amounts included in other line items. 

The negative impact on the effective rate from the portion of the goodwill impairment not deductible for tax purposes is reported in the effective tax rate reconciliation line item above labeled "Nondeductible goodwill." Included in the line item above labeled Non-U.S. subsidiaries taxed at other than the U.S. rate are the effects of local and U.S. taxes related to earnings of non-U.S. subsidiaries, changes in the amount of unrecognized tax benefits associated with these earnings, losses at non-U.S. subsidiaries without local tax benefits due to valuation allowances and other permanent differences between tax and U.S. GAAP results. 
 
 Distributions of profits from non-U.S. subsidiaries are not expected to cause a significant incremental U.S. tax impact in the future. However, these distributions may be subject to non-U.S. withholding taxes if profits are distributed from certain jurisdictions. Undistributed profits of non-U.S. subsidiaries of approximately billion are considered indefinitely reinvested. Determination of the amount of unrecognized deferred tax liability related to indefinitely reinvested profits is not feasible primarily due to our legal entity structure and the complexity of U.S. and local tax laws. 
 
 76 

Table of Contents 

 Non-U.S. 
 
 Profit before taxes, as shown above, is based on the location of the entity to which such earnings are attributable. Where an entity s earnings are subject to taxation, however, may not correlate solely to where an entity is located. Thus, the income tax provision shown below as U.S. or non-U.S. may not correspond to the earnings shown above. 
 
 Non-U.S. State (U.S.) Deferred tax provision (benefit): U.S. 1 
 ) ) ) Non-U.S. ) State (U.S.) ) ) ) ) ) Total provision (benefit) for income taxes 1 Includes U.S. taxes related to non-U.S. earnings. We account for U.S. taxes on global intangible low-taxed income as a period cost. 

We paid net income tax and related interest of million, million and million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 Accounting for income taxes under U.S. GAAP requires that individual tax-paying entities of the company offset all deferred tax liabilities and assets within each particular tax jurisdiction and present them as a noncurrent deferred tax liability or asset in the Consolidated Financial Position. Amounts in different tax jurisdictions cannot be offset against each other. 
 Liabilities: Other liabilities Deferred income taxes net 
 
 77 

Table of Contents 

 Research expenditures Postemployment benefits Employee compensation and benefits Warranty reserves Post sale discounts Inventory valuation Lease obligations Intercompany prepayments Allowance for credit losses Other net Deferred income tax liabilities: Capital and intangible assets, including lease basis differences ) ) Other outside basis differences ) ) Translation ) ) Undistributed profits of non-U.S. subsidiaries ) ) Bond discount ) ) ) ) Valuation allowance for deferred tax assets ) ) Deferred income taxes net 
 
 At December 31, 2022, approximately million of U.S. state tax net operating losses and million of U.S. state tax credit carryforwards were available. These carryforwards primarily expire over the next , with some having an unlimited carryforward period. 
 
 At December 31, 2022, approximately million of capital losses and million of U.S. foreign tax credits were available to carryforward on the U.S. federal tax return. These losses will expire in 2027, while the credits have a ten-year carryforward period and begin to expire in 2029. 
 
 At December 31, 2022, net operating loss and interest carryforwards in various non-U.S. taxing jurisdictions were approximately million. Of these, million expire between 2023 and 2043. The remaining carryforwards do not expire. 
 
 At December 31, 2022, non-U.S. entities that have not yet demonstrated consistent and/or sustainable profitability to support the realization of net deferred tax assets have recorded valuation allowances of million, including certain entities in Luxembourg. 

78 

Table of Contents 

 Additions for tax positions related to current year Additions for tax positions related to prior years Reductions for tax positions related to prior years ) ) ) Reductions for settlements 2 
 ) ) ) Reductions for expiration of statute of limitations ) ) ) Ending balance Amount that, if recognized, would impact the effective tax rate 
 
 1 Foreign currency impacts are included within each line as applicable. 
 2 Includes cash payment or other reduction of assets to settle liability. 

We classify interest and penalties on income taxes as a component of the provision for income taxes. We recognized a net provision for interest and penalties of million, million and million during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The total amount of interest and penalties accrued was million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 On September 8, 2022, the company reached a settlement with the U.S. Internal Revenue Service (IRS) that resolves all issues for tax years 2007 through 2016, without any penalties. The company's settlement includes, among other issues, the resolution of disputed tax treatment of profits earned by Caterpillar SARL (CSARL) from certain parts transactions. We vigorously contested the IRS's application of the "substance-over-form" or "assignment-of-income" judicial doctrines and its proposed increases to tax and imposition of accuracy related penalties. The settlement does not include any increases to tax in the United States based on those judicial doctrines and does not include any penalties. The final tax assessed by the IRS for all issues under the settlement was million for the ten-year period. This amount was primarily paid in 2022 along with associated interest of million. The settlement was within the total amount of gross unrecognized tax benefits for uncertain tax positions and enables us to avoid the costs and burdens of further disputes with the IRS. As a result of the settlement, we recorded a tax benefit of million in 2022 to reflect changes in estimates of prior years' taxes and related interest, net of tax. 
 
 We are subject to the continuous examination of our U.S. federal income tax returns by the IRS, and tax years 2017 to 2019 are currently under examination. In our major non-U.S. jurisdictions including Australia, Brazil, China, Germany, India, Japan, Mexico, Switzerland, Singapore and the U.K., tax years are typically subject to examination for three to ten years. Due to the uncertainty related to the timing and potential outcome of audits, we cannot estimate the range of reasonably possible change in unrecognized tax benefits in the next 12 months. 

7. 

A. 
 million and million, at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. We include these receivables in Receivables trade and other and Long-term receivables trade and other in Statement 3. 
 79 

Table of Contents 

 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total Guaranteed residual value 1 
 Unguaranteed residual value 1 
 Less: Unearned income ) ) ) Total 1 For Wholesale loans, represents residual value on failed sale leasebacks. 

Cat Financial s wholesale inventory receivables generally may be repaid or refinanced without penalty prior to contractual maturity. 
 
 Please refer to Note 18 for fair value information. 

B. 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total Guaranteed residual value 1 
 Unguaranteed residual value 1 
 Less: Unearned income ) ) ) Total 1 For Retail loans, represents residual value on failed sale leasebacks. 

Cat Financial s finance receivables generally may be repaid or refinanced without penalty prior to contractual maturity. 
 
 Please refer to Note 18 for fair value information. 
 80 

C. 
 81 

Table of Contents 

Write-offs ) ) ) ) Recoveries Provision for credit losses ) Other ) ) ) ) Ending balance Finance Receivables 

Credit quality of finance receivables 
 
 At origination, Cat Financial evaluates credit risk based on a variety of credit quality factors including prior payment experience, customer financial information, credit ratings, loan-to-value ratios, probabilities of default, industry trends, macroeconomic factors and other internal metrics. On an ongoing basis, Cat Financial monitors credit quality based on past-due status as there is a meaningful correlation between the past-due status of customers and the risk of loss. In determining past-due status, Cat Financial considers the entire finance receivable past due when any installment is over days past due. 
 
 Customer 
 
 82 

Table of Contents 

 31-60 days past due 61-90 days past due 91+ days past due EAME Current 31-60 days past due 61-90 days past due 91+ days past due Asia/Pacific Current 31-60 days past due 61-90 days past due 91+ days past due Mining Current 31-60 days past due 61-90 days past due 91+ days past due Latin America Current 31-60 days past due 61-90 days past due 91+ days past due Caterpillar Power Finance Current 31-60 days past due 61-90 days past due 91+ days past due Totals by Aging Category Current 31-60 days past due 61-90 days past due 91+ days past due Total Customer 
 
 83 

Table of Contents 

 31-60 days past due 61-90 days past due 91+ days past due EAME Current 31-60 days past due 61-90 days past due 91+ days past due Asia/Pacific Current 31-60 days past due 61-90 days past due 91+ days past due Mining Current 31-60 days past due 61-90 days past due 91+ days past due Latin America Current 31-60 days past due 61-90 days past due 91+ days past due Caterpillar Power Finance Current 31-60 days past due 61-90 days past due 91+ days past due Totals by Aging Category Current 31-60 days past due 61-90 days past due 91+ days past due Total Customer 
 
 Finance receivables in the Customer portfolio segment are substantially secured by collateral, primarily in the form of Caterpillar and other equipment. For those contracts where the borrower is experiencing financial difficulty, repayment of the outstanding amounts is generally expected to be provided through the operation or repossession and sale of the equipment. 

84 

Table of Contents 

 million and million, respectively, that was 91+ days past due in Latin America, all of which was originated in 2017. 
 
 Non-accrual finance receivables 
 
 Recognition of income is suspended and the finance receivable is placed on non-accrual status when management determines that collection of future income is not probable. Contracts on non-accrual status are generally more than days past due or have been restructured in a troubled debt restructuring (TDR). Recognition is resumed and previously suspended income is recognized when the collection of remaining amounts is considered probable. Payments received while the finance receivable is on non-accrual status are applied to interest and principal in accordance with the contractual terms. Interest earned but uncollected prior to the receivable being placed on non-accrual status is written off through Provision for credit losses when, in the judgment of management, it is considered uncollectible. 
 
 EAME Asia/Pacific Mining Latin America Caterpillar Power Finance Total 
 
 There was million, million and million of interest income recognized during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, for customer finance receivables on non-accrual status. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, finance receivables in Cat Financial's Dealer portfolio segment on non-accrual status were million and million, respectively, all of which was in Latin America. 
 
 Troubled debt restructurings 
 
 A restructuring of a finance receivable constitutes a TDR when the lender grants a concession it would not otherwise consider to a borrower experiencing financial difficulties. Concessions granted may include extended contract maturities, inclusion of interest only periods, below market interest rates, payment deferrals and reduction of principal and/or accrued interest. Cat Financial individually evaluates TDR contracts and establishes an allowance based on the present value of expected future cash flows discounted at the receivable's effective interest rate, the fair value of the collateral for collateral-dependent receivables or the observable market price of the receivable. 
 
 85 

Table of Contents 

 finance receivables modified as TDRs during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 for the Dealer portfolio segment. 
 EAME Asia/Pacific Mining Latin America Caterpillar Power Finance Total 
 
 The Post-TDR amortized costs in the Customer portfolio segment with a payment default (defined as 91+ days past due) which had been modified within twelve months prior to the default date, were as follows: 
 
 (Millions of dollars) Years ended December 31, Customer 2022 2021 2020 North America EAME Asia/Pacific Mining Latin America Caterpillar Power Finance Total 

8. 
 Work-in-process Finished goods Supplies Total inventories 

86 

Table of Contents 

 9. 
 Buildings and land improvements - 
 Machinery, equipment and other - 
 Software - 
 Equipment leased to others - 
 Construction-in-process Total property, plant and equipment, at cost Less: Accumulated depreciation ) ) Property, plant and equipment net 

10. 
 
 ) Intellectual property ) Other ) Total finite-lived intangible assets ) December 31, 2021 Weighted Amortizable Life (Years) Gross Carrying Amount Accumulated Amortization Net Customer relationships ) Intellectual property ) Other ) Total finite-lived intangible assets ) 
 
 Finite-lived intangible assets are amortized over their estimated useful lives and tested for impairment if events or changes in circumstances indicate that the asset may be impaired. 
 
 Amortization expense related to intangible assets was million, million and million for 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 87 

Table of Contents 

B. Goodwill 
 
 Our annual impairment tests completed in the fourth quarter of 2022 indicated the fair value of each reporting unit was substantially above its respective carrying value, including goodwill, with the exception of our Rail reporting unit. 
 
 The Rail reporting unit is a part of our Energy Transportation segment. Rail s product portfolio includes diesel-electric locomotives and other rail-related products and services. The annual impairment test completed in the fourth quarter of 2022 indicated that the fair value of Rail was below its carrying value. Accordingly, we recognized a goodwill impairment charge of million, resulting in a full impairment of Rail s goodwill balance as of October 1, 2022. There was a million tax benefit associated with this impairment charge. 
 
 There were goodwill impairments during 2021 or 2020. 
 88 

Table of Contents 

 ) Impairments ) ) Net goodwill ) Resource Industries Goodwill ) Impairments ) ) Net goodwill ) Energy Transportation Goodwill ) Impairment ) ) Net goodwill ) ) All Other 2 
 Goodwill ) Impairment Net goodwill ) Consolidated total Goodwill ) Impairments ) ) ) Net goodwill ) ) December 31, 2020 Acquisitions Impairment Loss Other Adjustments 1 
 December 31, 2021 Construction Industries Goodwill ) Impairments ) ) Net goodwill ) Resource Industries Goodwill ) Impairments ) ) Net goodwill ) Energy Transportation Goodwill ) All Other 2 
 Goodwill ) Consolidated total Goodwill ) Impairments ) ) Net goodwill ) 1 Other adjustments are comprised primarily of foreign currency translation. 
 2 Includes All Other operating segment (See Note 23). 

89 

Table of Contents 

 11. 
 Other U.S. and non-U.S. government bonds 
 ) Corporate debt securities Corporate bonds and other debt securities ) Asset-backed securities ) Mortgage-backed debt securities 
 U.S. governmental agency 
 ) Residential 
 ) Commercial 
 ) Total available-for-sale debt securities ) 
 
 90 

Table of Contents 

 Corporate debt securities Corporate bonds Asset-backed securities Mortgage-backed debt securities U.S. governmental agency Residential Commercial 
 December 31, 2021 Less than 12 months 1 
 12 months or more 1 
 Total (Millions of dollars) Fair 
 Value 
 Unrealized Losses Fair 
 Value 
 Unrealized Losses Fair 
 Value 
 Unrealized Losses Corporate debt securities Corporate bonds Mortgage-backed debt securities U.S. governmental agency Total 1 Indicates the length of time that individual securities have been in a continuous unrealized loss position. 
 
 The unrealized losses on our investments in government debt securities, corporate debt securities, and mortgage-backed debt securities relate to changes in interest rates and credit-related yield spreads since time of purchase. We do not intend to sell the investments, and it is not likely that we will be required to sell the investments before recovery of their respective amortized cost basis. In addition, we did not expect credit-related losses on these investments as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 Due after one year through five years Due after five years through ten years Due after ten years U.S. governmental agency mortgage-backed securities Residential mortgage-backed securities Commercial mortgage-backed securities Total debt securities available-for-sale 
 
 91 

Table of Contents 

 Gross gains from the sale of available-for-sale securities Gross losses from the sale of available-for-sale securities 
 
 We did have any investments classified as held-to-maturity debt securities as of December 31, 2022. We had million of investments in time deposits classified as held-to-maturity debt securities as of December 31, 2021. All these investments mature within one year and we include them in Prepaid expenses and other current assets in Statement 3. We record held-to-maturity debt securities at amortized cost, which approximates fair value. 
 
 For the years ended December 31 2022 and 2021, the net unrealized gains (losses) for equity securities held at December 31, 2022 and 2021 were ) million and million, respectively. 

12. 

Rate of compensation increase 1 
 1 All U.S. pension benefits are frozen, and accordingly this assumption is no longer applicable. 

We use the assumed discount rate to discount future benefit obligations back to today s dollars. The U.S. discount rate is based on a benefit cash flow-matching approach and represents the rate at which our benefit obligations could effectively be settled as of our measurement date, December 31. The benefit cash flow-matching approach involves analyzing Caterpillar s projected cash flows against a high quality bond yield curve, calculated using a wide population of corporate Aa bonds available on the measurement date. We use a similar process to determine the assumed discount rate for our most significant non-U.S. plans. This rate is sensitive to changes in interest rates. A decrease in the discount rate would increase our obligation and expense. 
 
 92 

Table of Contents 

 Change in benefit obligation: Benefit obligation, beginning of year 
 Service cost 1 
 Interest cost Plan amendments ) Actuarial losses (gains) 2 
 ) ) ) ) ) ) Foreign currency exchange rates ) ) ) Participant contributions Benefits paid - gross ) ) ) ) ) ) Less: federal subsidy on benefits paid 
 Curtailments, settlements and termination benefits 
 ) ) ) ) Benefit obligation, end of year Change in plan assets: Fair value of plan assets, beginning of year 
 Actual return on plan assets ) ) ) Foreign currency exchange rates 
 ) ) Company contributions Participant contributions Benefits paid ) ) ) ) ) ) Settlements and termination benefits 
 ) ) ) ) Fair value of plan assets, end of year 
 Over (under) funded status 
 ) ) ) ) Components of net amount recognized in financial position: Other assets (non-current asset) Accrued wages, salaries and employee benefits (current liability) 
 ) ) ) ) ) ) Liability for postemployment benefits (non-current liability) 3 
 ) ) ) ) ) ) Net (liability) asset recognized ) ) ) ) 
 Amounts recognized in Accumulated other comprehensive income (pre-tax) consist of: Prior service cost (credit) ) ) 
 1 All U.S. pension benefits are frozen, and accordingly there is no longer any service cost. 
 2 For 2022, Actuarial loss (gain) impacting the benefit obligation was primarily due to higher discount rates at the end of 2022 compared to the end of 2021. For 2021, Actuarial loss (gain) impacting the benefit obligation was primarily due to higher discount rates at the end of 2021 compared to the end of 2020. 
 3 The Liability for postemployment benefits reported in Statement 3 includes our liability for other postemployment benefits and our liability for non-qualified deferred compensation plans. For 2022, these liabilities were million and million, respectively. For 2021, these liabilities were million and million, respectively. 

93 

Table of Contents 

 Fair value of plan assets Pension plans with accumulated benefit obligation in excess of plan assets: Accumulated benefit obligation Fair value of plan assets 
 
 The accumulated postretirement benefit obligation exceeds plan assets for all of our other postretirement benefit plans for all years presented. 
 
 94 

Table of Contents 

 Interest cost Expected return on plan assets ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) Curtailments, settlements and termination benefits ) ) Amortization of prior service cost (credit) ) ) ) Actuarial loss (gain) 2 
 ) ) ) ) ) Net Periodic benefit cost (benefit) 3 
 ) ) ) ) ) ) ) Other changes in plan assets and benefit obligations recognized in other comprehensive income (pre-tax): Current year prior service cost (credit) 
 ) ) ) Amortization of prior service (cost) credit Total recognized in other comprehensive income 
 ) ) Total recognized in net periodic cost and other comprehensive income 
 ) ) ) ) ) ) ) Weighted-average assumptions used to determine net periodic benefit cost: Discount rate used to measure service cost 1 
 Discount rate used to measure interest cost 
 Expected rate of return on plan assets 4 
 Rate of compensation increase 1 
 
 1 All U.S. pension benefits are frozen, and accordingly there is no longer any service cost and certain assumptions are no longer applicable. 
 2 Actuarial loss (gain) represents the effects of actual results differing from our assumptions and the effects of changing assumptions. We recognize actuarial loss (gain) immediately through earnings upon the annual remeasurement in the fourth quarter, or on an interim basis as triggering events warrant remeasurement. 
 3 The service cost component is included in Operating costs and all other components are included in Other income (expense) in Statement 1. 
 4 The weighted-average rates for 2023 are percent and percent for U.S. and non-U.S. pension plans, respectively. 

The discount rates used in the determination of our service and interest cost components utilize a full yield curve approach which applies specific spot rates along the yield curve used in the calculation of the benefit obligation to the relevant projected cash flows. 
 
 Our expected long-term rate of return on U.S. plan assets is based on our estimate of long-term passive returns for equities and fixed income securities weighted by the allocation of our pension assets. Based on historical performance, we increase the passive returns due to our active management of the plan assets. To arrive at our expected long-term return, the amount added for active management was percent for 2022, percent for 2021 and percent 2020. We use a similar process to determine this rate for our non-U.S. plans. 
 
 95 

Table of Contents 

 percent in our calculation of 2022 benefit expense. We expect a weighted-average increase of percent during 2023. The 2023 rates are assumed to decrease gradually to the ultimate health care trend rate of percent in . 

Non-U.S. Pension Benefits Other Postretirement Benefits Expected benefit payments: 2023 2024 2025 2026 2027 2028- 2032 Total U.S. Pension Benefits Non-U.S. Pension Benefits Other Postretirement Benefits Expected Medicare Part D subsidy: 
 
 The above table reflects the total expected employer contributions and expected benefits to be paid from the plan or from company assets and does not include the participants share of the cost. The expected benefit payments for our other postretirement benefits include payments for prescription drug benefits. The above table also includes Medicare Part D subsidy amounts expected to be received by the company which will offset other postretirement benefit payments. 

percent fixed income and percent equities. We will revise this target allocation periodically to ensure it reflects our overall objectives. The non-U.S. pension weighted-average target allocations are percent fixed income, percent equities, percent real estate and percent other. The target allocations for each plan vary based upon local statutory requirements, demographics of plan participants and funded status. We primarily invest the non-U.S. plan assets in non-U.S. securities. 
 
 Our target allocation for the other postretirement benefit plans is percent equities and percent fixed income. 
 
 We rebalance the U.S. plans to within the appropriate target asset allocation ranges on a monthly basis. The frequency of rebalancing for the non-U.S. plans varies depending on the plan. As a result of our diversification strategies, there are no significant concentrations of risk within the portfolio of investments. 
 
 We permit the use of certain derivative instruments where appropriate and necessary for achieving overall investment policy objectives. The plans do not use derivative contracts for speculative purposes. 
 
 The accounting guidance on fair value measurements specifies a fair value hierarchy based upon the observability of inputs used in valuation techniques (Level 1, 2 and 3). Certain assets that are measured at fair value using the net asset value per share (or its equivalent) practical expedient have not been classified in the fair value hierarchy. See Note 18 for a discussion of the fair value hierarchy. 
 96 

Table of Contents 

 Non-U.S. equities Fixed income securities: U.S. corporate bonds Non-U.S. corporate bonds U.S. government bonds U.S. governmental agency mortgage-backed securities Non-U.S. government bonds Real estate Cash, short-term instruments and other Total U.S. pension assets 
 97 

Table of Contents 

 Non-U.S. equities Fixed income securities: U.S. corporate bonds Non-U.S. corporate bonds U.S. government bonds U.S. governmental agency mortgage-backed securities Non-U.S. government bonds Real estate Cash, short-term instruments and other Total U.S. pension assets 

December 31, 2022 (Millions of dollars) Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Measured at NAV Total Assets at Fair Value Non-U.S. Pension Equity securities: U.S. equities Non-U.S. equities Global equities 1 
 Fixed income securities: U.S. corporate bonds Non-U.S. corporate bonds U.S. government bonds Non-U.S. government bonds Global fixed income 1 
 Real estate Cash, short-term instruments and other 2 
 Total non-U.S. pension assets 
 98 

Table of Contents 

 Non-U.S. equities Global equities 1 
 Fixed income securities: U.S. corporate bonds Non-U.S. corporate bonds U.S. government bonds Non-U.S. government bonds Global fixed income 1 
 Real estate Cash, short-term instruments and other 2 
 Total non-U.S. pension assets 1 Includes funds that invest in both U.S. and non-U.S. securities. 
 2 Includes funds that invest in multiple asset classes, hedge funds and other. 

December 31, 2022 (Millions of dollars) Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Measured at NAV Total Assets at Fair Value Other Postretirement Benefits Equity securities: U.S. equities Non-U.S. equities Cash, short-term instruments and other Total other postretirement benefit assets December 31, 2021 (Millions of dollars) Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Measured at NAV Total Assets at Fair Value Other Postretirement Benefits Equity securities: U.S. equities Non-U.S. equities Cash, short-term instruments and other Total other postretirement benefit assets 
 
 99 

Table of Contents 

percent of employee contributions to the plan up to percent of cash compensation and an annual employer contribution that ranges from to percent of cash compensation (depending on years of service and age). 
 
 These 401(k) plans include various investment funds, including a non-leveraged employee stock ownership plan (ESOP). As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the ESOP held million and million shares, respectively. We allocate all of the shares held by the ESOP to participant accounts. Dividends paid to participants are automatically reinvested into company shares unless the participant elects to have all or a portion of the dividend paid to the participant. Various other U.S. and non-U.S. defined contribution plans generally allow eligible employees to contribute a portion of their cash compensation to the plans, and in most cases, we provide a matching contribution to the funds. 
 
 Non-U.S. plans 

13. 
 Financial Products: Notes payable to banks Commercial paper Demand notes Total short-term borrowings 
 
 The weighted-average interest rates on short-term borrowings outstanding were: 
 
 December 31, 2022 2021 Notes payable to banks Commercial paper Demand notes 
 
 100 

14. 
 
 million of due 2041 2 
 Debentures million of due 2023 
 Debentures million of due 2024 
 Debentures million of due 2028 2 
 Debentures million of due 2029 2 
 Debentures million of due 2030 2 
 Debentures million of due 2031 2 
 Debentures million of due 2031 2 
 Debentures million of due 2035 2 
 Debentures million of due 2036 2 
 Debentures million of due 2038 2 
 Debentures million of due 2042 2 
 Debentures million of due 2042 2 
 Debentures million of due 2044 
 Debentures million of due 2049 2 
 Debentures million of due 2050 2 
 Debentures million of due 2064 
 Debentures million of due 2097 2 
 Finance lease obligations other 3 
 ) Total Machinery, Energy Transportation Financial Products: Medium-term notes Other Total Financial Products Total long-term debt due after one year 
 
 1 Effective yield to maturity includes the impact of discounts, premiums and debt issuance costs. 
 2 Redeemable at our option in whole or in part at any time at a redemption price equal to the greater of (i) of the principal amount or (ii) the discounted present value of the notes or debentures, calculated in accordance with the terms of such notes or debentures. 
 3 Includes ) million of mark-to-market adjustments related to fair value interest rate swap contracts entered into throughout 2022. 

All outstanding notes and debentures are unsecured and rank equally with one another. 
 
 On March 12, 2021 we issued million of Senior Notes due 2031. 
 
 Cat Financial s medium-term notes are offered by prospectus and are issued through agents at fixed and floating rates. Medium-term notes due after one year have a weighted average interest rate of with remaining maturities up to years at December 31, 2022. 

101 

Table of Contents 

 Financial Products 
 
 The above table includes million of medium-term notes that can be called at par. 
 
 Medium-term notes of million maturing in the first quarter of 2023 were excluded from the current maturities of long-term debt in Statement 3 as of December 31, 2022 due to a million issuance of medium-term notes on January 6, 2023 which mature in 2026. The preceding maturity table reflects the reclassification of million from maturities in 2023 to 2026. 
 
 Interest paid on short-term and long-term borrowings for 2022, 2021 and 2020 was million, million and million, respectively. 
 
 Please refer to Note 18 for fair value information on long-term debt. 

15. 
 Other external Total credit lines available Less: Commercial paper outstanding ) ) Less: Utilized credit ) ) ) Available credit 
 
 We have global credit facilities with a syndicate of banks totaling billion (Credit Facility) available in the aggregate to both Caterpillar and Cat Financial for general liquidity purposes. Based on management's allocation decision, which can be revised from time to time, the portion of the Credit Facility available to ME T as of December 31, 2022 was billion. Information on our Credit Facility is as follows: 
 
 In September 2022, we entered into a new 364-day facility. The facility of billion (of which million is available to ME T) expires in August 2023. 
 In September 2022, we amended and restated the three-year facility (as amended and restated, the "three-year facility"). The facility of billion (of which million is available to ME T) expires in August 2025. 
 In September 2022, we amended and restated the five-year facility (as amended and restated, the "five-year facility") The facility of billion (of which billion is available to ME T) expires in September 2027. 
 
 102 

Table of Contents 

 billion. These committed and uncommitted credit lines, which may be eligible for renewal at various future dates or have no specified expiration date, are used primarily by our subsidiaries for local funding requirements. Caterpillar or Cat Financial may guarantee subsidiary borrowings under these lines. 
 
 At December 31, 2022, Caterpillar s consolidated net worth was billion, which was above the billion required under the Credit Facility. The consolidated net worth is defined as the consolidated shareholders equity including preferred stock but excluding the pension and other postretirement benefits balance within AOCI. 
 
 At December 31, 2022, Cat Financial s covenant interest coverage ratio was to . This was above the to minimum ratio, calculated as (1) profit excluding income taxes, interest expense and net gain/(loss) from interest rate derivatives to (2) interest expense calculated at the end of each calendar quarter for the rolling four quarter period then most recently ended, required by the Credit Facility. 
 
 In addition, at December 31, 2022, Cat Financial s six-month covenant leverage ratio was to and year-end covenant leverage ratio was to . This was below the maximum ratio of debt to net worth of to , calculated (1) on a monthly basis as the average of the leverage ratios determined on the last day of each of the six preceding calendar months and (2) at each December 31, required by the Credit Facility. 
 
 In the event Caterpillar or Cat Financial does not meet one or more of their respective financial covenants under the Credit Facility in the future (and are unable to obtain a consent or waiver), the syndicate of banks may terminate the commitments allocated to the party that does not meet its covenants. Additionally, in such event, certain of Cat Financial s other lenders under other loan agreements where similar financial covenants or cross default provisions are applicable may, at their election, choose to pursue remedies under those loan agreements, including accelerating the repayment of outstanding borrowings. At December 31, 2022, there were borrowings under the Credit Facility. 

16. 
 Determination of shares (in millions): Weighted average number of common shares outstanding (B) Shares issuable on exercise of stock awards, net of shares assumed to be purchased out of proceeds at average market price 
 Average common shares outstanding for fully diluted computation (C) 2 
 Profit per share of common stock: Assuming no dilution (A/B) Assuming full dilution (A/C) 2 
 Shares outstanding as of December 31 (in millions) 
 1 Profit attributable to common shareholders. 
 2 Diluted by assumed exercise of stock-based compensation awards using the treasury stock method. 

For the year ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, we excluded million, million and million outstanding stock options, respectively, from the computation of diluted earnings per share because the effect would have been antidilutive. 
 
 In July 2018, the Board approved a share repurchase authorization (the 2018 Authorization) of up to billion of Caterpillar common stock effective January 1, 2019, with no expiration. In May 2022, the Board approved a new share repurchase authorization (the 2022 Authorization) of up to billion of Caterpillar common stock effective August 1, 2022, with no expiration. Utilization of the 2022 Authorization for all share repurchases commenced on August 1, 2022, leaving million unutilized under the 2018 Authorization. As of December 31, 2022, approximately billion remained available under the 2022 Authorization. 
 
 103 

Table of Contents 

 million, million and million shares of Caterpillar common stock, respectively, at an aggregate cost of billion, billion and billion respectively. We made these purchases through a combination of accelerated stock repurchase agreements with third-party financial institutions and open market transactions. 

17. 

104 

Table of Contents ) ) Gains (losses) on foreign currency translation ) ) Less: Tax provision /(benefit) ) Net gains (losses) on foreign currency translation ) ) (Gains) losses reclassified to earnings Less: Tax provision /(benefit) Net (gains) losses reclassified to earnings Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax ) ) Ending balance ) ) ) Pension and other postretirement benefits Beginning balance ) ) ) Current year prior service credit (cost) ) Less: Tax provision /(benefit) Net current year prior service credit (cost) ) Amortization of prior service (credit) cost ) ) ) Less: Tax provision /(benefit) ) ) ) Net amortization of prior service (credit) cost ) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax ) ) Ending balance ) ) ) Derivative financial instruments Beginning balance ) ) Gains (losses) deferred ) Less: Tax provision /(benefit) ) Net gains (losses) deferred ) (Gains) losses reclassified to earnings ) ) Less: Tax provision /(benefit) ) ) Net (gains) losses reclassified to earnings ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax ) Ending balance ) Available-for-sale securities Beginning balance Gains (losses) deferred ) ) Less: Tax provision /(benefit) ) ) Net gains (losses) deferred ) ) (Gains) losses reclassified to earnings ) ) Less: Tax provision /(benefit) ) Net (gains) losses reclassified to earnings ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax ) ) Ending balance ) Total AOCI Ending Balance at December 31 ) ) ) 
 
 105 

Table of Contents 

 18. 
 106 

Table of Contents 

Other U.S. and non-U.S. government bonds Corporate debt securities Corporate bonds and other debt securities Asset-backed securities Mortgage-backed debt securities U.S. governmental agency Residential Commercial Total debt securities Equity securities Large capitalization value Smaller company growth REIT Total equity securities Derivative financial instruments - assets Foreign currency contracts - net Commodity contracts - net Total assets Liabilities Derivative financial instruments - liabilities Interest rate contracts - net Total liabilities 
 
 107 

Table of Contents 

 Other U.S. and non-U.S. government bonds Corporate debt securities Corporate bonds and other debt securities Asset-backed securities Mortgage-backed debt securities U.S. governmental agency Residential Commercial Total debt securities Equity securities Large capitalization value Smaller company growth REIT Total equity securities Derivative financial instruments - assets Foreign currency contracts - net Interest rate contracts - net Commodity contracts - net Total Assets 
 
 In addition to the amounts above, certain Cat Financial loans are subject to measurement at fair value on a nonrecurring basis and are classified as Level 3 measurements. A loan is measured at fair value when management determines that collection of contractual amounts due is not probable and the loan is individually evaluated. In these cases, an allowance for credit losses may be established based either on the present value of expected future cash flows discounted at the receivables effective interest rate, the fair value of the collateral for collateral-dependent receivables, or the observable market price of the receivable. In determining collateral value, Cat Financial estimates the current fair market value of the collateral less selling costs. Cat Financial had loans carried at fair value of million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 B. Fair values of financial instruments 
 
 In addition to the methods and assumptions we use to record the fair value of financial instruments as discussed in the Fair value measurements section above, we use the following methods and assumptions to estimate the fair value of our financial instruments: 
 
 Cash and cash equivalents 
 Carrying amount approximates fair value. We classify cash and cash equivalents as Level 1. See Statement 3. 
 
 Restricted cash and short-term investments 
 Carrying amount approximates fair value. We include restricted cash and short-term investments in Prepaid expenses and other current assets in Statement 3. We classify these instruments as Level 1 except for time deposits which are Level 2, and certain corporate debt securities which are Level 3. See Note 11 for additional information. 
 
 108 

Table of Contents 

 3 Notes 7 19 Wholesale inventory receivables net (excluding finance leases 1 
 3 Notes 7 19 Liabilities at December 31, Long-term debt (including amounts due within one year): 
 Machinery, Energy Transportation 2 Note 14 Financial Products 2 Note 14 
 
 1 Represents finance leases and failed sale leasebacks of million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

19. 
 109 

Table of Contents 

 million and million, respectively, before the application of any master netting agreements. 
 
 Please refer to Note 18 above for fair value information. 

20. 
 Short-term lease cost 
 
 We recognize operating lease right-of-use assets in Other assets in Statement 3. We recognize the operating lease liabilities in Other current liabilities and Other liabilities. 
 
 110 

Other current liabilities Other liabilities Weighted average remaining lease term Operating leases years years Weighted average discount rates Operating leases 
 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total lease payments Less: Imputed interest ) Total 
 
 Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for lease obligations: Operating leases 
 
 111 

Less: Accumulated depreciation ) ) Equipment leased to others - net 
 
 Operating lease revenue Total 

112 

Table of Contents 

 21. 
 million and million, respectively. 
 Supplier consortium performance guarantee Other guarantees Total guarantees 
 
 Cat Financial provides guarantees to purchase certain loans of Caterpillar dealers from a special-purpose corporation (SPC) that qualifies as a variable interest entity. The purpose of the SPC is to provide short-term working capital loans to Caterpillar dealers. This SPC issues commercial paper and uses the proceeds to fund its loan program. Cat Financial receives a fee for providing this guarantee. Cat Financial is the primary beneficiary of the SPC as its guarantees result in Cat Financial having both the power to direct the activities that most significantly impact the SPC s economic performance and the obligation to absorb losses, and therefore Cat Financial has consolidated the financial statements of the SPC. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the SPC s assets of million and million, respectively, were primarily comprised of loans to dealers, and the SPC s liabilities of million and million, respectively, were primarily comprised of commercial paper. The assets of the SPC are not available to pay Cat Financial s creditors. Cat Financial may be obligated to perform under the guarantee if the SPC experiences losses. No loss has been experienced or is anticipated under this loan purchase agreement. 
 
 113 

Table of Contents 

 billion at December 31, 2022. Cat Financial generally has the right to unconditionally cancel, alter, or amend the terms of these dealer commitments at any time. The amount of unused commitments to extend credit to customers was million at December 31, 2022. A portion of these commitments is not expected to be fully drawn upon; therefore, the total commitment amounts do not represent a future cash requirement. 
 
 We determine our product warranty liability by applying historical claim rate experience to the current field population and dealer inventory. Generally, we base historical claim rates on actual warranty experience for each product by machine model/engine size by customer or dealer location (inside or outside North America). We develop specific rates for each product shipment month and update them monthly based on actual warranty claim experience. 
 
 Reduction in liability (payments) ) ) Increase in liability (new warranties) Warranty liability, end of period 

22. 
 
 . We do not expect this fine or our response to address the allegations to have a material adverse effect on the Company's consolidated results of operations, financial position or liquidity. 

114 

Table of Contents 

 facilities of the Company in the Peoria, Illinois area, including its former corporate headquarters. The Tax Division of the U.S. Department of Justice conducted a review of the grand jury investigation and informed the Company on November 28, 2022 that it does not have a pending criminal tax matter involving the Company. In January 2023, the government began returning to the Company the documents and information seized under the search warrants, which, as noted, related to both tax and export issues, as well as the documents and information the Company produced under the grand jury subpoenas. 
 
 In addition, we are involved in other unresolved legal actions that arise in the normal course of business. The most prevalent of these unresolved actions involve disputes related to product design, manufacture and performance liability (including claimed asbestos exposure), contracts, employment issues, environmental matters, intellectual property rights, taxes (other than income taxes) and securities laws. The aggregate range of reasonably possible losses in excess of accrued liabilities, if any, associated with these unresolved legal actions is not material. In some cases, we cannot reasonably estimate a range of loss because there is insufficient information regarding the matter. However, we believe there is no more than a remote chance that any liability arising from these matters would be material. Although it is not possible to predict with certainty the outcome of these unresolved legal actions, we believe that these actions will not individually or in the aggregate have a material adverse effect on our consolidated results of operations, financial position or liquidity. 

23. 
 Group Presidents, a Chief Financial Officer (CFO), a Chief Legal Officer and General Counsel and a Chief Human Resources Officer. The Group Presidents and CFO are accountable for a related set of end-to-end businesses that they manage. The Chief Legal Officer and General Counsel leads the Law, Security and Public Policy Division. The Chief Human Resources Officer leads the Human Resources Organization. The CEO allocates resources and manages performance at the Group President/CFO level. As such, the CEO serves as our Chief Operating Decision Maker, and operating segments are primarily based on the Group President/CFO reporting structure. 
 
 of our operating segments, Construction Industries, Resource Industries and Energy Transportation are led by Group Presidents. operating segment, Financial Products, is led by the CFO who also has responsibility for Corporate Services. Corporate Services is a cost center primarily responsible for the performance of certain support functions globally and to provide centralized services; it does not meet the definition of an operating segment. Group President leads smaller operating segment that is included in the All Other operating segment. The Law, Security and Public Policy Division and the Human Resources Organization are cost centers and do not meet the definition of an operating segment. 
 
 Segment information for 2021 and 2020 has been recast due to a methodology change related to how we assign intersegment sales and segment profit from our technology products and services to Construction Industries, Resource Industries and Energy Transportation. This methodology change did not have a material impact on our segment results. 
 
 B. Description of segments 
 
 We have operating segments, of which are reportable segments. Following is a brief description of our reportable segments and the business activities included in the All Other operating segment: 
 
 Construction Industries : A segment primarily responsible for supporting customers using machinery in infrastructure and building construction applications. Responsibilities include business strategy, product design, product management and development, manufacturing, marketing and sales and product support. The product portfolio includes asphalt pavers; backhoe loaders; compactors; cold planers; compact track and multi-terrain loaders; mini, small, medium and large track excavators; forestry machines; material handlers; motor graders; pipelayers; road reclaimers; skid steer loaders; telehandlers; small and medium track-type tractors; track-type loaders; wheel excavators; compact, small and medium wheel loaders; and related parts and work tools. Inter-segment sales are a source of revenue for this segment. 
 115 

Table of Contents 

wholly owned dealer in Japan; dealer portfolio management and ensuring the most efficient and effective distribution of machines, engines and parts; brand management and marketing strategy; and digital investments for new customer and dealer solutions that integrate data analytics with state-of-the-art digital technologies while transforming the buying experience. Results for the All Other operating segment are included as a reconciling item between reportable segments and consolidated external reporting. 
 
 C. Segment measurement and reconciliations 
 
 There are several methodology differences between our segment reporting and our external reporting. The following is a list of the more significant methodology differences: 
 
 ME T segment net assets generally include inventories, receivables, property, plant and equipment, goodwill, intangibles, accounts payable and customer advances. We generally manage at the corporate level liabilities other than accounts payable and customer advances, and we do not include these in segment operations. Financial Products Segment assets generally include all categories of assets. 
 116 

Table of Contents 

 -year useful life. This methodology difference only impacts segment assets. We do not include goodwill amortization expense in segment profit. In addition, we have allocated to segments only a portion of goodwill for certain acquisitions made in 2011 or later. 
 
 We generally manage currency exposures for ME T at the corporate level and do not include in segment profit the effects of changes in exchange rates on results of operations within the year. We report the net difference created in the translation of revenues and costs between exchange rates used for U.S. GAAP reporting and exchange rates used for segment reporting as a methodology difference. 
 
 We do not include stock-based compensation expense in segment profit. 
 
 Postretirement benefit expenses are split; segments are generally responsible for service costs, with the remaining elements of net periodic benefit cost included as a methodology difference. 
 
 We determine ME T segment profit on a pretax basis and exclude interest expense and most other income/expense items. We determine Financial Products Segment profit on a pretax basis and include other income/expense items. 
 
 Reconciling items are created based on accounting differences between segment reporting and our consolidated external reporting. Please refer to pages 118 to 120 for financial information regarding significant reconciling items. Most of our reconciling items are self-explanatory given the above explanations. For the reconciliation of profit, we have grouped the reconciling items as follows: 
 
 Corporate costs: These costs are related to corporate requirements primarily for compliance and legal functions for the benefit of the entire organization. 
 
 Restructuring costs: May include costs for employee separation, long-lived asset impairments and contract terminations. These costs are included in Other operating (income) expenses except for defined-benefit plan curtailment losses and special termination benefits, which are included in Other income (expense). Restructuring costs also include other exit-related costs, which may consist of accelerated depreciation, inventory write-downs, building demolition, equipment relocation and project management costs and LIFO inventory decrement benefits from inventory liquidations at closed facilities, all of which are primarily included in Cost of goods sold. Only certain restructuring costs in 2020 were excluded from segment profit. See Note 25 for more information. 
 
 Methodology differences: See previous discussion of significant accounting differences between segment reporting and consolidated external reporting. 
 
 Timing: Timing differences in the recognition of costs between segment reporting and consolidated external reporting. For example, we report certain costs on the cash basis for segment reporting and the accrual basis for consolidated external reporting. 

117 

Table of Contents 

 Resource Industries Energy Transportation Financial Products Segment 1 
 Total sales and revenues from reportable segments All Other operating segment ) Corporate Items and Eliminations ) ) ) ) ) ) ) Total Sales and Revenues 2021 Construction Industries Resource Industries Energy Transportation Financial Products Segment 1 
 Total sales and revenues from reportable segments All Other operating segment Corporate Items and Eliminations ) ) ) ) ) ) ) Total Sales and Revenues 2020 Construction Industries Resource Industries Energy Transportation Financial Products Segment 1 
 Total sales and revenues from reportable segments All Other operating segment Corporate Items and Eliminations ) ) ) ) ) ) ) Total Sales and Revenues 
 1 Includes revenues from Construction Industries, Resource Industries, Energy Transportation and All Other operating segment of million , million and million in the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, Energy Transportation segment sales by end user application were as follows: Energy Transportation External Sales (Millions of dollars) 2022 2021 2020 Oil and gas Power generation Industrial Transportation Energy Transportation External Sales 
 
 118 

Table of Contents 

 Resource Industries Energy Transportation Financial Products Segment Total profit from reportable segments Profit from All Other operating segment ) ) Cost centers ) ) ) Corporate costs ) ) ) Timing ) ) ) Restructuring costs ) ) ) Methodology differences: Inventory/cost of sales Postretirement benefit income (expense) ) Stock-based compensation expense ) ) ) Financing costs ) ) ) Currency ) Goodwill impairment charge ) Other income/expense methodology differences ) ) ) Other methodology differences ) ) ) Total consolidated profit before taxes 
 
 Resource Industries Energy Transportation Financial Products Segment Total assets from reportable segments Assets from All Other operating segment Items not included in segment assets: Cash and cash equivalents Deferred income taxes Goodwill and intangible assets Property, plant and equipment net and other assets Inventory methodology differences ) ) Liabilities included in segment assets Other ) ) Total assets 
 119 

Table of Contents 

 Resource Industries Energy Transportation Financial Products Segment Total depreciation and amortization from reportable segments Items not included in segment depreciation and amortization: All Other operating segment Cost centers Other Total depreciation and amortization 

Resource Industries Energy Transportation Financial Products Segment Total capital expenditures from reportable segments Items not included in segment capital expenditures: All Other operating segment Cost centers Timing ) ) Other ) ) Total capital expenditures 

Outside United States Total 1 Sales of ME T are based on dealer or customer location. Revenues from services provided are based on where service is rendered. 

120 

Table of Contents 

 24. 
 
 million of acquired cash, was approximately million. 
 
 We financed the transaction with available cash. Tangible assets as of the acquisition date were million, recorded at their fair values, and primarily included cash of million, receivables of million, inventories of million, leased assets of million, and property, plant, and equipment of million. Finite-lived intangible assets acquired of million included developed technology and trade names and will be amortized on a straight-line basis over a weighted-average amortization period of approximately years. Liabilities assumed as of the acquisition date were million, recorded at their fair values, and primarily included lease liabilities of million and accounts payable of million. Goodwill of million represented the excess of the consideration transferred over the net assets acquired. Assuming this transaction had been made at the beginning of any period presented, the consolidated pro forma results would not be materially different from reported results. 

25. 
 Contract terminations 1 
 Long-lived asset impairments 1 
 ) Other 2 
 Total restructuring costs 1 Recognized in Other operating (income) expenses. 
 2 Represents costs related to our restructuring programs, primarily for inventory write-downs, accelerated depreciation, equipment relocation, project management and building demolition, all of which are primarily included in Cost of goods sold. 

The restructuring costs in 2022 were primarily related to actions across the company, including million related to the Rail division that was primarily inventory write-downs, and other strategic actions to address a small number of products. The inventory write-downs were included in "Other" in the table above. The restructuring costs in 2021 were primarily related to actions across the company including strategic actions to address a small number of products, which were partially offset by a gain on the sale of a manufacturing facility that had been closed. The restructuring costs in 2020 were primarily related to various voluntary and involuntary employee separation programs implemented across the company and strategic actions to address a small number of products, which were partially offset by a gain on the sale of a manufacturing facility that had been closed. Both the gains in 2021 and 2020 were included in Long-lived asset impairments in the table above. 
 
 On February 1, 2023, we closed on the divestiture of our Longwall business. As a result, we recorded a pre-tax loss of approximately million, of which million was related to the release of accumulated foreign currency translation associated with this divestiture. This loss, primarily non-cash, will be included in our first quarter 2023 restructuring costs and is subject to the finalization of post-closing procedures. 
 
 121 

Table of Contents 

Resource Industries Energy Transportation Financial Products Segment 
 
 Increase in liability (separation charges) Reduction in liability (payments) ) ) Liability balance, end of period 

122 

Table of Contents 

 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 
 
 Not Applicable. 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. 
 
 Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 
 An evaluation was performed under the supervision and with the participation of the company s management, including the Chief Executive Officer (CEO) and Chief Financial Officer (CFO), of the effectiveness of the design and operation of the company's disclosure controls and procedures, as that term is defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Exchange Act, as of the end of the period covered by this annual report. Based on that evaluation, the CEO and CFO concluded that the company s disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of the end of the period covered by this annual report. 
 
 Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 Management s report on the company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 is included on page 55 of Part II, Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. The effectiveness of the company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 has been audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm. Their report appears on pages 56-57 of Part II, Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 
 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 During the last fiscal quarter, there has been no significant change in the company s internal control over financial reporting that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the company s internal control over financial reporting. 

Item 9B. Other Information. 
 
 Disclosures Required Pursuant to Section 13(r) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
 
 During the three months ended March 31, 2022, Caterpillar Eurasia LLC, one of our affiliates, engaged in limited transactions or dealings with the Federal Security Service of Russia (the FSB ). Specifically, Caterpillar Eurasia LLC, from time to time, directly or indirectly, made required submissions to and received regulatory authorizations from the FSB related to the importation of software used in the on-board telematics and control systems of Caterpillar machines that were imported into Russia. Caterpillar Eurasia LLC did not generate any net revenue or net profits from such approval activity and does not make any sales to or have other dealings with the FSB. Caterpillar Eurasia LLC plans to continue these activities as long as it remains lawful to do so. 

Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 
 
 Not Applicable. 

PART III 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 
 
 Identification of Directors and Business Experience 
 
 Information required by this Item is incorporated by reference from the 2023 Proxy Statement. 
 
 Identification of Executive Officers and Business Experience 
 
 Information required by this Item appears in Item 1C of this Form 10-K. 
 
 Family Relationships 
 
 There are no family relationships between the officers and directors of the company. 
 
 Legal Proceedings Involving Officers and Directors 
 123 

Table of Contents 

If applicable, information required by this Item is incorporated by reference from the 2023 Proxy Statement. 
 
 Audit Committee Financial Expert 
 
 Information required by this Item is incorporated by reference from the 2023 Proxy Statement. 
 
 Identification of Audit Committee 
 
 Information required by this Item is incorporated by reference from the 2023 Proxy Statement. 
 
 Shareholder Recommendation of Board Nominees 
 
 Information required by this Item is incorporated by reference from the 2023 Proxy Statement. 
 
 Compliance with Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act 
 
 If applicable, information required by this Item relating to compliance with Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act is incorporated by reference from the 2023 Proxy Statement. 
 
 Code of Ethics 
 
 Our Worldwide Code of Conduct (Code), first published in 1974 and most recently updated in 2019, sets a high standard for honesty and ethical behavior by every director and employee, including the principal executive officer, principal financial officer and principal accounting officer. The Code is posted on our website at www.Caterpillar.com/code. To obtain a copy of the Code at no charge, submit a written request to the Corporate Secretary at 5205 N. O'Connor Boulevard, Suite 100, Irving, TX 75039. We post on our website at www.Caterpillar.com/code any required amendments to or waivers granted under our Code pursuant to SEC or New York Stock Exchange disclosure rules. 

Item 11. Executive Compensation. 
 
 Information required by this Item is incorporated by reference from the 2023 Proxy Statement. 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 
 
 Information required by this Item relating to security ownership of certain beneficial owners and management is incorporated by reference from the 2023 Proxy Statement. 
 
 Information required by this Item relating to securities authorized for issuance under equity compensation plans is included in the following table: 
 Equity Compensation Plan Information 
 (as of December 31, 2022) 
 Plan category (a) Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants and rights (b) Weighted- average exercise price of outstanding options, warrants and rights (c) Number of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans (excluding securities reflected in column (a)) Equity compensation plans approved by security holders 9,227,667 142.85 31,334,705 Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders N/A N/A N/A Total 9,227,667 142.85 31,334,705 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 
 
 Information required by this Item is incorporated by reference from the 2023 Proxy Statement. 
 
 124 

Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services. 
 
 Our independent registered public accounting firm is , , Auditor Firm ID: . 
 
 Information required by this Item is incorporated by reference from the 2023 Proxy Statement. 
 
 125 

Table of Contents 

 PART IV 

Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules. 
 Exhibits: 3.1 Restated Certificate of Incorporation, effective February 3, 2021 (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 3.2 to the Company's Form 8-K filed February 9, 2021) 
 3.2 Bylaws amended and restated as of June 8, 2022 (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 3.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed June 14, 2022) 
 4.1 Indenture dated as of May 1, 1987, between Caterpillar Inc. and The First National Bank of Chicago, as Trustee (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 4.1 to Form S-3 filed February 19, 1997) 
 4.2 First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of June 1, 1989, between Caterpillar Inc. and The First National Bank of Chicago, as Trustee (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 4.2 to Form S-3 filed February 19, 1997) 
 4.3 Appointment of Citibank, N.A. as Successor Trustee, dated October 1, 1991, under the Indenture, as supplemented, dated as of May 1, 1987 (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 4.3 to Form S-3 filed February 19, 1997) 
 4.4 Second Supplemental Indenture, dated as of May 15, 1992, between Caterpillar Inc. and Citibank, N.A., as Successor Trustee (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 4.4 to Form S-3 filed February 19, 1997) 
 4.5 Third Supplemental Indenture, dated as of December 16, 1996, between Caterpillar Inc. and Citibank, N.A., as Successor Trustee (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 4.5 to Form S-3 filed February 19, 1997) 
 4.6 Tri-Party Agreement, dated as of November 2, 2006, between Caterpillar Inc., Citibank, N.A. and U.S. Bank National Association appointing U.S. Bank as Successor Trustee under the Indenture dated as of May 1, 1987, as amended and supplemented (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 4.6 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2006) 
 4.7 Form of 2.600 Senior Note due 2022 (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 4.3 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K, filed June 25, 2012) 
 4.8 Form of 3.803 Rule 144A Global Debenture due 2042 (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 4.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K, filed August 28, 2012) 
 4.9 Form of 3.803 Regulation S Global Debenture due 2042 (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 4.2 to Form 8-K, filed August 28, 2012) 
 4.10 Form of 3.803 Global Debenture due 2042 (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 4.9 to Form S-4 filed on September 7, 2012) 
 4.11 Form of 3.40 Senior Note due 2024 (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 4.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on May 8, 2014) 
 4.12 Form of 4.30 Senior Note due 2044 (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 4.2 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on May 8, 2014) 
 4.13 Form of 4.75 Senior Note due 2064 (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 4.3 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on May 8, 2014) 
 4.14 Form of 2.600 Senior Note due 2029 (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 4.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed September 19, 2019) 
 4.15 Form of 3.250 Senior Note due 2049 (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 4.2 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed September 19, 2019) 
 4.16 Form of 2.600 Senior Notes due 2030 (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed April 9, 2020) 
 4.17 Form of 3.250 Senior Notes due 2050 (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 4.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed April 9, 2020 
 4.18 Form 1.900 Senior Notes due 2013 (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed March 12, 2021) 
 4.19 Description of Securities (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 4.16 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2019) 
 10.1 Caterpillar Inc. 2006 Long-Term Incentive Plan as amended and restated through second amendment, dated August 22, 2013 (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.6 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2013) 
 10.2 Third Amendment to the Caterpillar Inc. 2006 Long-Term Incentive Plan effective as of April 1, 2019 (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.2 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2019) 
 
 126 

Table of Contents 

 10.3 Fourth Amendment to the Caterpillar Inc. 2006 Long-Term Incentive Plan effective as of July 1, 2022 (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2022) 
 10.4 Caterpillar Inc. 2014 Long-Term Incentive Plan, amended and restated effective October 8, 2019 (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2019) 
 10.5 First Amendment to Caterpillar Inc. 2014 Long-Term Incentive Plan, effective July 1, 2022 (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2022) 
 10.6 Caterpillar Inc. Executive Office Annual Incentive Plan amended and restated October 8, 2019 (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2019) 
 10.7 Form of Stock Appreciation Right Award pursuant to the 2006 Long-Term Incentive Plan, dated March 5, 2012 (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.4 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2012) 
 10.8 Form of Nonqualified Stock Option Award pursuant to the 2006 Long-Term Incentive Plan, dated March 5, 2012 (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.5 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2012) 
 10.9 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award pursuant to the 2014 Long-Term Incentive Plan for awards granted after 2017 (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.2 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2018) 
 10.10 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award for Directors pursuant to the 2014 Long-Term Incentive Plan for awards granted after 2017 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2018) 
 10.11 Form of Nonqualified Stock Option Award pursuant to the 2014 Long-Term Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.9 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2014) 
 10.12 Form of Nonqualified Stock Option Award pursuant to the 2014 Long-Term Incentive Plan for awards granted after 2015 (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.12 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015) 
 10.13 Form of Nonqualified Stock Option Award pursuant to the 2014 Long-Term Incentive Plan for awards granted after 2017 (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.3 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2018) 
 10.14 Form of Nonqualified Stock Option Award pursuant to the 2014 Long-Term Incentive Plan for awards granted after 2018 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2019) 
 10.15 Addendum to Form of Nonqualified Stock Option Award pursuant to the 2006 and 2014 Long-Term Incentive Plans for awards granted prior to March 4, 2019 (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.4 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 30, 2019) 
 10.16 Form of Performance-Based Restricted Stock Unit Award pursuant to the 2014 Long-Term Incentive Plan for awards granted after 2017 (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.4 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2018) 
 10.17 Form of Performance-Based Restricted Stock Unit Award pursuant to the 2014 Long-Term Incentive Plan for awards granted after 2018 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2019) 
 10.18 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award pursuant to the 2014 Long-Term Incentive Plan for awards granted after 2021 (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2022) 
 10.19 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award for Directors pursuant to the 2014 Long-Term Incentive Plan for awards granted after 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2022) 
 10.20 Form of Nonqualified Stock Option Award pursuant to the 2014 Long-Term Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.3 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2022) 
 10.21 Form of Performance-Based Restricted Stock Unit Award pursuant to the 2014 Long-Term Incentive Plan for awards granted after 2021 (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.4 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2022) 
 
 127 

Table of Contents 

 10.22 Caterpillar Inc. Supplemental Retirement Plan (formerly known as the Caterpillar Inc. Supplemental Pension Benefit Plan), amended and restated effective January 1, 2020 (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.17 to the Company's Annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2020) 
 10.23 First Amendment to the Caterpillar Inc. Supplemental Retirement Plan, effective January 1, 2022 (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.17 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021) 
 10.24 Second Amendment to the Caterpillar Inc. Supplemental Retirement Plan, effective July 1, 2022 (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2022) 
 10.25 Caterpillar Inc. Supplemental Employees Investment Plan, amended and restated as of May 15, 2017 (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.3 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2017) 
 10.26 First Amendment to the Caterpillar Inc. Supplemental Employees' Investment Plan, effective as of July, 24, 2017 (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.22 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2017) 
 10.27 Second Amendment to the Caterpillar Inc. Supplemental Employees' Investment Plan, dated December 14, 2018 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.22 the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2018) 
 10.28 Third Amendment to the Caterpillar Inc. Supplemental Employees' Investment Plan, effective January 1, 2022 (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.21 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021) 
 10.29 Fourth Amendment to the Caterpillar Inc. Supplemental Employees' Investment Plan, effective as of July 1, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2022) 
 10.30 Caterpillar Inc. Directors' Deferred Compensation Plan, as amended and restated effective July 1, 2018 (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.4 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2018) 
 10.31 First Amendment to the Caterpillar Inc. Directors' Deferred Compensation Plan dated January 22, 2019 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2019) 
 10.32 Second Amendment to the Caterpillar Inc. Directors' Deferred Compensation Plan, effective as of July 1, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2022) 
 10.33 Caterpillar Inc. Directors Charitable Award Program, as amended and restated effective April 1, 2008 (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.7 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2008) 
 10.34 Caterpillar Inc. Deferred Employees Investment Plan amended and restated as of May 15, 2017 (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.4 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2017) 
 10.35 First Amendment to the Caterpillar Inc. Deferred Employees' Investment Plan, effective as of July 24, 2017 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.27 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2018) 
 10.36 Second Amendment to the Caterpillar Inc. Deferred Employees' Investment Plan, dated December 14, 2018 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.27 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2018) 
 10.37 Third Amendment to the Caterpillar Inc. Deferred Employees' Investment Plan, effective as of January 1, 2022 (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.28 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021) 
 10.38 Fourth Amendment to the Caterpillar Inc. Deferred Employees' Investment Plan, effective as of July 1, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2022) 
 10.39 Caterpillar Inc. Supplemental Deferred Compensation Plan amended and restated as of May 15, 2017 (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.5 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2017) 
 10.40 First Amendment to the Caterpillar Inc. Supplemental Deferred Compensation Plan, effective as of July 24, 2017 (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.28 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2017) 
 10.41 Second Amendment to the Caterpillar Inc. Supplemental Deferred Compensation Plan, dated December 14, 2018 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.30 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2018) 
 
 128 

Table of Contents 

 10.42 Third Amendment to the Caterpillar Inc. Supplemental Deferred Compensation Plan effective January 1, 2019 (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.32 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2019) 
 10.43 Fourth Amendment to the Caterpillar Supplemental Deferred Compensation Plan, effective as of January 1, 2022 (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.33 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021) 
 10.44 Fifth Amendment to the Caterpillar Inc. Supplemental Deferred Compensation Plan, effective as of July 1, 2022 (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.7 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2022) 
 10.45 Solar Turbines Incorporated Managerial Retirement Objective Plan, as amended and restated through First Amendment, dated December 10, 2014 (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.19 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2014) 
 10.46 Second Amendment to the Solar Turbines Incorporated Managerial Retirement Objective Plan, effective January 1, 2022 (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.35 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021) 
 10.47 Solar Turbines Incorporated Pension Plan for European Foreign Service Employees, as amended and restated, effective January 1, 2015 (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2015) 
 10.48 First Amendment to the Solar Turbines Incorporated Pension Plan for European Foreign Service Employees effective January 1, 2020 (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.35 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2019) 
 10.49 Second Amendment to the Solar Turbines Incorporated Pension Plan for European Foreign Service Employees effective January 1, 2022 (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.38 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021) 
 10.50 Revised Letter Agreement by and between Caterpillar Inc. and Andrew Bonfield dated August 28, 2018 (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.6 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2018) 
 10.51 Mercer Super Trust CatSuper Special Arrangement Agreement between Caterpillar of Australia PTY LTD and Robert Brian Charter dated June 26, 2007 (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.38 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on February 14, 2019) 
 10.52 Mercer Super Trust CatSuper Special Arrangement Agreement, by and between Caterpillar of Australia PTY LTD. and Robert Brian Charter dated April 4, 2018 (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.2 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2018) 
 10.53 Time Share Agreement dated January 10, 2017 (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.29 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K filed December 31, 2016) 
 10.54 Credit Agreement (2022 364-Day Facility), dated September 1, 2022, among Caterpillar Inc., Caterpillar Financial Services Corporation, Caterpillar International Finance Designated Activity Company, and Caterpillar Finance Kabushiki Kaisha, certain financial institutions named therein, Citibank, N.A., as agent, Citibank Europe PLC, UK Branch, as Local Currency Agent, and MUFG Bank, Ltd. as Japan Local Currency Agent (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 6, 2022) 
 10.55 Local Currency Addendum to the 2022 364-Day Facility dated September 1, 2022, among Caterpillar Financial Services Corporation, Caterpillar International Finance Designated Activity Company, the Local Currency Banks named therein, Citibank, N.A., as Agent, and Citibank Europe plc, UK Branch, as Local Currency Agent (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.2 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed September 6, 2022) 
 10.56 Japan Local Currency Addendum, dated as of September 1, 2022, to the Credit Agreement (2022 364-Day Facility) (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.3 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed September 6, 2022) 
 10.57 Credit Agreement, Short-Term Facility, dated as of April 21, 2020, by and among Caterpillar Inc., and Caterpillar Financial Services Corporation, the financial institutions named therein, Citibank, N.A., BofA Securities, Inc., JP Morgan Chase Bank, and Soci t G n rale (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 24, 2020) 
 10.58 Third Amended and Restated Credit Agreement (3-Year Facility) dated September 1, 2022, among the Company, Caterpillar Financial Services Corporation, Caterpillar International Finance Designated Activity Company and Caterpillar Finance Kabushiki Kaisha, certain financial institutions named therein, Citibank, N.A., as Agent, Citibank Europe plc, UK Branch, as Local Currency Agent, and MUFG Bank, LTD., as Japan Local Currency Agent (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed September 6, 2022) 
 10.59 Local Currency Addendum to the 3-Year Facility dated September 1, 2022, among Caterpillar Financial Services Corporation, Caterpillar International Finance Designated Activity Company, the Local Currency Banks named therein, Citibank, N.A., as Agent, and Citibank Europe plc, UK Branch, as Local Currency Agent (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.5 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed September 6, 2022) 
 
 129 

Table of Contents 

 10.60 Japan Local Currency Addendum to the 3-Year Facility dated September 1, 2022, among Caterpillar Financial Services Corporation, Caterpillar Finance Kabushiki Kaisha, the Japan Local Currency Banks named therein, Citibank, N.A., as Agent, and MUFG Bank, Ltd., as Japan Local Currency Agent (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.6 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed September 6, 2022) 
 10.61 Third Amended and Restated Credit Agreement (5-Year Facility) dated September 1, 2022, among the Company, Caterpillar Financial Services Corporation, Caterpillar International Finance Designated Activity Company and Caterpillar Finance Kabushiki Kaisha, certain financial institutions named therein, Citibank, N.A., as Agent, Citibank Europe plc, UK Branch, as Local Currency Agent, and MUFG Bank, LTD., as Japan Local Currency Agent (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.7 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed September 6, 2022) 
 10.62 Local Currency Addendum to the Five-Year Facility dated September 1, 2022, among Caterpillar Financial Services Corporation, Caterpillar International Finance Designated Activity Company, the Local Currency Banks named therein, Citibank, N.A., as Agent, and Citibank Europe plc, UK Branch, as Local Currency Agent (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.8 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed September 6, 2022) 
 10.63 Japan Local Currency Addendum to the 5-Year Facility dated September 1, 2022, among Caterpillar Financial Services Corporation, Caterpillar Finance Kabushiki Kaisha, the Japan Local Currency Banks named therein, Citibank, N.A., as Agent, and MUFG Bank, Ltd., as Japan Local Currency Agent (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.9 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed September 6, 2022) 
 10.64 Consulting Agreement between William P. Ainsworth and Caterpillar Inc., dated January 26, 2021 (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed May 5, 2021) 
 21 Subsidiaries and Affiliates of the Registrant 
 23 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 31.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer of Caterpillar Inc., pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 31.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer of Caterpillar Inc., pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 32 Certification of Chief Executive Officer of Caterpillar Inc. and Chief Financial Officer of Caterpillar Inc., pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document (the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are imbedded within the Inline XBRL document) 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 104 Cover Page Interactive File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document and included in Exhibit 101) _________________________________________ 
 Management contracts and compensatory plans and arrangements required to be filed as exhibits pursuant to Item 15(b) of this report. 
 The agreements and other documents filed as exhibits to this report are not intended to provide factual information or other disclosure other than with respect to the terms of the agreements or other documents themselves, and you should not rely on them for that purpose. In particular, any representations and warranties made by us in these agreements or other documents were made solely within the specific context of the relevant agreement or document and may not describe the actual state of affairs as of the date they were made or at any other time. 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary. 
 
 None. 
 
 130 

Table of Contents 

 Form 10-K 
 
 SIGNATURES 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 
 CATERPILLAR INC. Registrant February 15, 2023 By: /s/ Suzette M. Long Suzette M. Long Chief Legal Officer and General Counsel 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 
 
 Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer February 15, 2023 /s/ D. James Umpleby III D. James Umpleby III February 15, 2023 /s/ Andrew R.J. Bonfield Chief Financial Officer Andrew R.J. Bonfield February 15, 2023 /s/ William E. Schaupp Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer William E. Schaupp February 15, 2023 /s/ Kelly A. Ayotte Director Kelly A. Ayotte February 15, 2023 /s/ David L. Calhoun Director David L. Calhoun 
 131 

Table of Contents 

 February 15, 2023 /s/ Daniel M. Dickinson Director Daniel M. Dickinson February 15, 2023 /s/ Gerald Johnson Director Gerald Johnson February 15, 2023 /s/ David W. MacLennan Director David W. MacLennan February 15, 2023 /s/ Debra L. Reed-Klages Presiding Director Debra L. Reed-Klages February 15, 2023 /s/ Edward B. Rust, Jr. Director Edward B. Rust, Jr. February 15, 2023 /s/ Susan C. Schwab Director Susan C. Schwab February 15, 2023 /s/ Rayford Wilkins, Jr. Director Rayford Wilkins, Jr. 
 
 132 

<EX-21>
 2
 cat_exx21x12312022subsidia.htm
 EX-21 SUBSIDIARIES

Document 

EXHIBIT 21 
 CATERPILLAR INC. 
 List of Subsidiaries and Affiliated Companies 
 (as of December 31, 2022) 
 Direct and Indirect Wholly-Owned Subsidiaries Name of Company 
 Where Organized 
 
 1214213 B.C. Ltd. 
 Canada 
 Asia Power Systems (Tianjin) Ltd. 
 China 
 Banco Caterpillar S.A. 
 Brazil 
 Bucyrus Australia Surface Pty. Ltd. 
 Australia 
 Bucyrus Europe Holdings, Ltd. 
 England and Wales 
 Bucyrus Europe Limited 
 England and Wales 
 Bucyrus International (Peru) S.A. 
 Peru 
 Bucyrus Mining Australia Pty. Ltd. 
 Australia 
 Bucyrus Mining China LLC 
 Delaware 
 Bucyrus UK Limited 
 England and Wales 
 Caterpillar (Africa) (Proprietary) Limited 
 South Africa 
 Caterpillar (China) Financial Leasing Co., Ltd. 
 China 
 Caterpillar (China) Investment Co., Ltd. 
 China 
 Caterpillar (China) Machinery Components Co., Ltd. 
 China 
 Caterpillar (HK) Limited 
 Hong Kong 
 Caterpillar (Luxembourg) Investment Co. S.a r.l. 
 Luxembourg 
 Caterpillar (Newberry) LLC 
 Delaware 
 Caterpillar (NI) Limited 
 Northern Ireland 
 Caterpillar (Qingzhou) Ltd. 
 China 
 Caterpillar (Shanghai) Trading Co., Ltd. 
 China 
 Caterpillar (Suzhou) Co., Ltd. 
 China 
 Caterpillar (Suzhou) Logistics Co., Ltd. 
 China 
 Caterpillar (Thailand) Limited 
 Thailand 
 Caterpillar (U.K.) Limited 
 England and Wales 
 Caterpillar (Wujiang) Ltd. 
 China 
 Caterpillar (Xuzhou) Ltd. 
 China 
 Caterpillar (Zhengzhou) Ltd. 
 China 
 Caterpillar Acquisition Holding Corp. 
 Delaware 
 Caterpillar Americas C.V. 
 Netherlands 
 Caterpillar Americas Co. 
 Delaware 
 Caterpillar Americas Funding Inc. 
 Delaware 
 Caterpillar Americas Mexico, S. de R.L. de C.V. 
 Mexico 
 Caterpillar Asia Limited 
 Hong Kong 
 Caterpillar Asia Pte. Ltd. 
 Singapore 
 Caterpillar Asset Intelligence LLC 
 Delaware 
 Caterpillar Belgium Holding SRL 
 Belgium 
 Caterpillar Brasil Comercio de Maquinas e Pecas Ltda. 
 Brazil 
 Caterpillar Brasil Ltda. 
 Brazil 
 Caterpillar Castings Kiel GmbH 
 Germany 
 Caterpillar Central Asia Limited Liability Partnership 
 Kazakhstan 
 Caterpillar Centro de Formacion, S.L. 
 Spain 
 Caterpillar Commercial LLC 
 Delaware 
 Caterpillar Commercial Northern Europe Limited 
 England and Wales 

Caterpillar Commercial S.A.R.L. 
 France 
 Caterpillar Commercial Services S.A.R.L. 
 France 
 Caterpillar Corporativo Mexico, S. de R.L. de C.V. 
 Mexico 
 Caterpillar Cote D Ivoire SARL 
 Ivory Coast 
 Caterpillar Cr dito, S.A. de C.V., SOFOM, E.N.R. 
 Mexico 
 Caterpillar DC Pension Trust Limited 
 England and Wales 
 Caterpillar Digital Services & Solutions SARL 
 Switzerland 
 Caterpillar Distribution International LLC 
 Russian Federation 
 Caterpillar Distribution Services Europe B.V. 
 Belgium 
 Caterpillar East Real Estate Holding Ltd. 
 Japan 
 Caterpillar Energy Solutions Asia Pacific Pte. Ltd. 
 Singapore 
 Caterpillar Energy Solutions GmbH 
 Germany 
 Caterpillar Energy Solutions Inc. 
 Delaware 
 Caterpillar Energy Solutions, S.A. 
 Spain 
 Caterpillar Energy System Technology (Beijing) Co., Ltd. 
 China 
 Caterpillar Engine Systems Inc. 
 Delaware 
 Caterpillar Equipos Mexico, S. de R.L. de C.V. 
 Mexico 
 Caterpillar Eurasia LLC 
 Russian Federation 
 Caterpillar Finance France S.A. 
 France 
 Caterpillar Finance Kabushiki Kaisha 
 Japan 
 Caterpillar Financial Aftermarket Solutions Corporation 
 Delaware 
 Caterpillar Financial Australia Leasing Pty Limited 
 Australia 
 Caterpillar Financial Australia Limited 
 Australia 
 Caterpillar Financial Commercial Account Corporation 
 Nevada 
 Caterpillar Financial Corporacion Financiera, S.A., E.F.C. 
 Spain 
 Caterpillar Financial Dealer Funding LLC 
 Delaware 
 Caterpillar Financial Funding Corporation 
 Nevada 
 Caterpillar Financial Kazakhstan Limited Liability Partnership 
 Kazakhstan 
 Caterpillar Financial Leasing (Shanghai) Co., Ltd. 
 China 
 Caterpillar Financial New Zealand Limited 
 New Zealand 
 Caterpillar Financial Nova Scotia Corporation 
 Canada 
 Caterpillar Financial OOO 
 Russian Federation 
 Caterpillar Financial Receivables Corporation 
 Nevada 
 Caterpillar Financial Renting, S.A. 
 Spain 
 Caterpillar Financial SARL 
 Switzerland 
 Caterpillar Financial Services (Dubai) Limited 
 United Arab Emirates 
 Caterpillar Financial Services (Ireland) plc 
 Ireland 
 Caterpillar Financial Services (UK) Limited 
 England and Wales 
 Caterpillar Financial Services Argentina S.A. 
 Argentina 
 Caterpillar Financial Services Asia Pte. Ltd. 
 Singapore 
 Caterpillar Financial Services Belgium S.R.L. 
 Belgium 
 Caterpillar Financial Services Corporation 
 Delaware 
 Caterpillar Financial Services CR, s.r.o. 
 Czechia 
 Caterpillar Financial Services GmbH 
 Germany 
 Caterpillar Financial Services India Private Limited 
 India 
 Caterpillar Financial Services Leasing ULC 
 Canada 
 Caterpillar Financial Services Limited Les Services Financiers Caterpillar Limitee 
 Canada 
 Caterpillar Financial Services Malaysia Sdn Bhd 
 Malaysia 
 Caterpillar Financial Services Netherlands B.V. 
 Netherlands 
 Caterpillar Financial Services Norway AS 
 Norway 

Caterpillar Financial Services Philippines Inc. 
 Philippines 
 Caterpillar Financial Services Poland Sp. z o.o. 
 Poland 
 Caterpillar Financial Services South Africa (Pty) Limited 
 South Africa 
 Caterpillar Financial Ukraine LLC 
 Ukraine 
 Caterpillar Fluid Systems S.r.l. 
 Italy 
 Caterpillar Fluid Systems (Xuzhou) Co., Ltd. 
 China 
 Caterpillar Fluid Transfer Solutions Inc. 
 Delaware 
 Caterpillar France S.A.S. 
 France 
 Caterpillar FS (QFC) LLC 
 United Arab Emirates 
 Caterpillar GB, L.L.C. 
 Delaware 
 Caterpillar Global Investments S.a r.l. 
 Luxembourg 
 Caterpillar Global Mining Equipment LLC 
 Delaware 
 Caterpillar Global Mining Europe GmbH 
 Germany 
 Caterpillar Global Mining Expanded Products Pty Ltd 
 Australia 
 Caterpillar Global Mining Germany Holdings GmbH 
 Germany 
 Caterpillar Global Mining HMS GmbH 
 Germany 
 Caterpillar Global Mining Hong Kong AFC Manufacturing Holding Co., Limited 
 Hong Kong 
 Caterpillar Global Mining Hong Kong Limited 
 Hong Kong 
 Caterpillar Global Mining LLC 
 Delaware 
 Caterpillar Global Mining Mexico LLC 
 Delaware 
 Caterpillar Global Mining Services GmbH 
 Germany 
 Caterpillar Global Services LLC 
 Delaware 
 Caterpillar Holding Germany GmbH 
 Germany 
 Caterpillar Holdings Australia Pty. Ltd. 
 Australia 
 Caterpillar Hungary Components Manufacturing Ltd. 
 Hungary 
 Caterpillar Hydraulics Italia S.r.l. 
 Italy 
 Caterpillar Impact Products Limited 
 England and Wales 
 Caterpillar India Engineering Solutions Private Limited 
 India 
 Caterpillar India Private Limited 
 India 
 Caterpillar Industrial Inc. 
 Ohio 
 Caterpillar Industrias Mexico, S. de R.L. de C.V. 
 Mexico 
 Caterpillar Industries (Pty) Ltd 
 South Africa 
 Caterpillar Insurance Co. Ltd. 
 Bermuda 
 Caterpillar Insurance Company 
 Missouri 
 Caterpillar Insurance Holdings Inc. 
 Delaware 
 Caterpillar Insurance Services Corporation 
 Tennessee 
 Caterpillar International Finance Designated Activity Company 
 Ireland 
 Caterpillar International Finance Luxembourg Holding S. r.l. 
 Luxembourg 
 Caterpillar International Finance Luxembourg S. r.l. 
 Luxembourg 
 Caterpillar International Funding Pte. Ltd. 
 Singapore 
 Caterpillar International Luxembourg I S. r.l. 
 Luxembourg 
 Caterpillar International Luxembourg II S. r.l. 
 Luxembourg 
 Caterpillar International Product SARL 
 Switzerland 
 Caterpillar International Services Corporation 
 Nevada 
 Caterpillar International Services del Peru S.A. 
 Peru 
 Caterpillar Investment Limited 
 Ireland 
 Caterpillar Investment One SARL 
 Switzerland 
 Caterpillar Investment Two SARL 
 Switzerland 
 Caterpillar Investments 
 England and Wales 
 Caterpillar IPX LLC 
 Delaware 

Caterpillar IRB LLC 
 Delaware 
 Caterpillar Japan LLC 
 Japan 
 Caterpillar Latin America Services de Mexico, S. de R.L. de C.V. 
 Mexico 
 Caterpillar Latin America Services de Panama, S. de R.L. 
 Panama 
 Caterpillar Latin America Services, S.R.L. 
 Costa Rica 
 Caterpillar Latin America Servicios de Chile Limitada 
 Chile 
 Caterpillar Latin America Support Services, S. DE R.L. 
 Panama 
 Caterpillar Leasing (Thailand) Limited 
 Thailand 
 Caterpillar Leasing Chile, S.A. 
 Chile 
 Caterpillar Leasing Operativo Limitada 
 Chile 
 Caterpillar Life Insurance Company 
 Missouri 
 Caterpillar Logistics (Shanghai) Co. Ltd. 
 China 
 Caterpillar Logistics (UK) Limited 
 England and Wales 
 Caterpillar Logistics Inc. 
 Delaware 
 Caterpillar Logistics Services China Limited 
 Hong Kong 
 Caterpillar Luxembourg Group S.ar.l. 
 Luxembourg 
 Caterpillar Luxembourg LLC 
 Delaware 
 Caterpillar Luxembourg S.a r.l. 
 Luxembourg 
 Caterpillar Marine Asia Pacific Pte. Ltd. 
 Singapore 
 Caterpillar Marine Power UK Limited 
 England and Wales 
 Caterpillar Marine Trading (Shanghai) Co., Ltd. 
 China 
 Caterpillar Maroc SARL 
 Morocco 
 Caterpillar Mexico Engineering Solutions, S. de R.L. de C.V. 
 Mexico 
 Caterpillar Mexico II S.a.r.l. 
 Luxembourg 
 Caterpillar Mexico, S.A. de C.V. 
 Mexico 
 Caterpillar Mining Canada ULC 
 Canada 
 Caterpillar Mining Chile Servicios Limitada 
 Chile 
 Caterpillar Motoren (Guangdong) Co. Ltd. 
 China 
 Caterpillar Motoren GmbH & Co. KG 
 Germany 
 Caterpillar Motoren Henstedt-Ulzburg GmbH 
 Germany 
 Caterpillar Motoren Rostock GmbH 
 Germany 
 Caterpillar Motoren Verwaltungs-GmbH 
 Germany 
 Caterpillar Netherlands Holding B.V. 
 Netherlands 
 Caterpillar North America C.V. 
 Netherlands 
 Caterpillar of Australia Pty. Ltd. 
 Australia 
 Caterpillar of Canada Corporation 
 Canada 
 Caterpillar of Delaware, Inc. 
 Delaware 
 Caterpillar Oil & Gas Services, LLC 
 Delaware 
 Caterpillar Operator Training Ltd. 
 Japan 
 Caterpillar Overseas Credit Corporation SARL 
 Switzerland 
 Caterpillar Overseas Limited 
 England and Wales 
 Caterpillar Overseas SARL 
 Switzerland 
 Caterpillar Panama Services S.A. 
 Panama 
 Caterpillar Paving Products Inc. 
 Oklahoma 
 Caterpillar Paving Products Xuzhou Ltd. 
 China 
 Caterpillar Pension Trust Limited 
 England and Wales 
 Caterpillar Poland Sp. z o.o. 
 Poland 
 Caterpillar Power Generation Systems (Bangladesh) Limited 
 Bangladesh 
 Caterpillar Power Generation Systems L.L.C. 
 Delaware 
 Caterpillar Power Systems Inc. 
 Delaware 

Caterpillar Precision Seals Korea 
 Korea, Republic of 
 Caterpillar Prodotti Stradali S.r.l. 
 Italy 
 Caterpillar Product Services Corporation 
 Missouri 
 Caterpillar R&D Center (China) Co., Ltd. 
 China 
 Caterpillar Ramos Arizpe LLC 
 Delaware 
 Caterpillar Ramos Arizpe, S. de R.L. de C.V. 
 Mexico 
 Caterpillar Reman Powertrain Indiana LLC 
 Delaware 
 Caterpillar Remanufacturing Drivetrain LLC 
 Delaware 
 Caterpillar Remanufacturing Services (Shanghai) Co., Ltd. 
 China 
 Caterpillar Renting France S.A.S. 
 France 
 Caterpillar Reynosa, S.A. de C.V. 
 Mexico 
 Caterpillar SARL 
 Switzerland 
 Caterpillar Services Germany GmbH 
 Germany 
 Caterpillar Servicios Limitada 
 Chile 
 Caterpillar Servizi Italia Srl 
 Italy 
 Caterpillar Shrewsbury Limited 
 England and Wales 
 Caterpillar Skinningrove Limited 
 England and Wales 
 Caterpillar Southern Africa (Pty) Ltd. 
 South Africa 
 Caterpillar Sweden AB 
 Sweden 
 Caterpillar Switchgear Americas LLC 
 Delaware 
 Caterpillar Switchgear Holding Inc. 
 Georgia 
 Caterpillar Tianjin Ltd. 
 China 
 Caterpillar Torreon S. de R.L. de C.V. 
 Mexico 
 Caterpillar Tosno, L.L.C. 
 Russian Federation 
 Caterpillar Tunneling Canada Corporation 
 Canada 
 Caterpillar Tunneling Canada Holdings Ltd. 
 Canada 
 Caterpillar Tunnelling Europe Limited 
 England and Wales 
 Caterpillar UK Employee Trust Limited 
 England and Wales 
 Caterpillar UK Engines Company Limited 
 England and Wales 
 Caterpillar UK Group Limited 
 England and Wales 
 Caterpillar UK Holdings Limited 
 England and Wales 
 Caterpillar Undercarriage (Xuzhou) Co., Ltd. 
 China 
 Caterpillar Underground Mining Pty. Ltd. 
 Australia 
 Caterpillar Used Equipment Services Inc. 
 Delaware 
 Caterpillar Venture Capital Inc. 
 Delaware 
 Caterpillar Work Tools B.V. 
 Netherlands 
 Caterpillar Work Tools, Inc. 
 Kansas 
 Caterpillar World Trading Corporation 
 Delaware 
 Dongying SPM Pump Technology Co., Ltd. 
 China 
 ECM Railway Evolution Romania s.r.l. 
 Romania 
 EDC European Excavator Design Center GmbH 
 Germany 
 Electro-Motive Diesel Limited 
 England and Wales 
 Electro-Motive Locomotive Technologies LLC 
 Russian Federation 
 Electro-Motive Technical Consulting Co. (Beijing) Ltd. 
 China 
 EMD International Holdings, Inc. 
 Delaware 
 Energy Services International Limited 
 Bermuda 
 Enhanced Energy Group LLC 
 Rhode Island 
 Equipos de Acu a, S.A. de C.V. 
 Mexico 
 ERA Information & Entertainment (BVI) Limited 
 British Virgin Islands 
 ERA Mining Machinery Limited 
 Cayman Islands 

F. G. Wilson (Proprietary) Limited 
 South Africa 
 F. Perkins Limited 
 England and Wales 
 FG Wilson (Engineering) Limited 
 England and Wales 
 Five Boroughs Solar LLC 
 Delaware 
 GB Holdco (China), Inc. 
 Delaware 
 GFCM Comercial Mexico, S.A. de C.V., SOFOM, E.N.R. 
 Mexico 
 Hong Kong Siwei Holdings Limited 
 Hong Kong 
 Inmobiliaria Conek, S.A. de C.V. 
 Mexico 
 Locomotive Demand Power Pty Ltd. 
 Australia 
 Locomotoras Progress Mexico, S. de R.L. de C.V. 
 Mexico 
 M2M Data LLC 
 Colorado 
 MaK Americas Inc. 
 Illinois 
 Mec-Track S.r.l. 
 Italy 
 Minetec Pty Ltd 
 Australia 
 Motoren Steffens GmbH 
 Germany 
 MWM Austria GmbH 
 Austria 
 MWM Benelux B.V. 
 Netherlands 
 MWM France S.A.S 
 France 
 MWM Real Estate GmbH 
 Germany 
 My Dealer Service Corp. 
 Delaware 
 Nippon Caterpillar LLC 
 Japan 
 Peck Tech Consulting Ltd. 
 Canada 
 Perkins Engines (Asia Pacific) Pte Ltd 
 Singapore 
 Perkins Engines Company Limited 
 England and Wales 
 Perkins Engines Group Limited 
 England and Wales 
 Perkins Engines, Inc. 
 Maryland 
 Perkins Group Limited 
 England and Wales 
 Perkins Holdings Limited LLC 
 Delaware 
 Perkins India Private Limited 
 India 
 Perkins International Inc. 
 Delaware 
 Perkins Japan LLC 
 Japan 
 Perkins Limited 
 England and Wales 
 Perkins Machinery (Changshu) Co., Ltd. 
 China 
 Perkins Motores do Brasil Ltda. 
 Brazil 
 Perkins Power Systems Technology (Wuxi) Co., Ltd. 
 China 
 Perkins Small Engines Limited 
 England and Wales 
 Perkins Small Engines (Wuxi) Co., Ltd. 
 China 
 Perkins Small Engines LLC 
 Delaware 
 Perkins Technology Inc. 
 Delaware 
 Progress Rail Australia Pty Ltd 
 Australia 
 Progress Rail Canada Corporation 
 Canada 
 Progress Rail de Mexico, S.A. de C.V. 
 Mexico 
 Progress Rail Equipamentos e Servicos Ferroviarios do Brasil Ltda. 
 Brazil 
 Progress Rail Innovations Private Limited 
 India 
 Progress Rail Inspection & Information Systems GmbH 
 Germany 
 Progress Rail International Corp. 
 Delaware 
 Progress Rail Leasing Canada Corporation 
 Delaware 
 Progress Rail Leasing Corporation 
 Delaware 
 Progress Rail Leasing de Mexico, S. de R.L. de C.V. 
 Mexico 
 Progress Rail Leasing UK Limited 
 England and Wales 

Progress Rail Locomotivas do Brasil Ltda. 
 Brazil 
 Progress Rail Locomotive Canada Co. 
 Canada 
 Progress Rail Locomotive Chile SpA 
 Chile 
 Progress Rail Locomotive Inc. 
 Delaware 
 Progress Rail Maintenance de Mexico S.A. de C.V. 
 Mexico 
 Progress Rail Manufacturing Corporation 
 Delaware 
 Progress Rail Recycling de Mexico, S. de R.L. de C.V. 
 Mexico 
 Progress Rail SA Proprietary Limited 
 South Africa 
 Progress Rail Services Corporation 
 Alabama 
 Progress Rail Services Holdings Corp. 
 Delaware 
 Progress Rail Services LLC 
 Delaware 
 Progress Rail Services UK Limited 
 England and Wales 
 Progress Rail Signaling S.p.A. 
 Italy 
 Progress Rail Transcanada Corporation 
 Canada 
 Progress Rail Welding Corporation 
 Delaware 
 PT Bucyrus Indonesia 
 Indonesia 
 PT Caterpillar Finance Indonesia 
 Indonesia 
 PT Caterpillar Indonesia 
 Indonesia 
 PT Caterpillar Indonesia Batam 
 Indonesia 
 PT Caterpillar Remanufacturing Indonesia 
 Indonesia 
 PT SPM Surface Products 
 Indonesia 
 Pyrrha Investments B.V. 
 Netherlands 
 Pyrrha Investments Limited 
 England and Wales 
 S&L Railroad, LLC 
 Nebraska 
 SCM Singapore Holdings Pte. Ltd. 
 Singapore 
 Servicios de Turbinas Solar, S. de R.L. de C.V. 
 Mexico 
 Shandong SEM Machinery Co., Ltd. 
 China 
 Solar Turbines (B) Sdn Bhd 
 Brunei 
 Solar Turbines (Beijing) Trading Services Co., Ltd. 
 China 
 Solar Turbines (Thailand) Ltd. 
 Thailand 
 Solar Turbines Canada Ltd. Ltee. 
 Canada 
 Solar Turbines Central Asia Limited Liability Partnership 
 Kazakhstan 
 Solar Turbines CIS Limited Liability Company 
 Russian Federation 
 Solar Turbines de Republica Dominicana, S.R.L. 
 Dominican Republic 
 Solar Turbines EAME s.r.o. 
 Czechia 
 Solar Turbines Egypt Limited Liability Company 
 Egypt 
 Solar Turbines Europe S.A. 
 Belgium 
 Solar Turbines Incorporated 
 Delaware 
 Solar Turbines India Private Limited 
 India 
 Solar Turbines International Company 
 Delaware 
 Solar Turbines Italy S.R.L. 
 Italy 
 Solar Turbines Malaysia Sdn Bhd 
 Malaysia 
 Solar Turbines Middle East Limited 
 United Arab Emirates 
 Solar Turbines Muscat SPC 
 Oman 
 Solar Turbines New Zealand Limited 
 New Zealand 
 Solar Turbines Saudi Arabia Limited 
 Saudi Arabia 
 Solar Turbines Services Company 
 California 
 Solar Turbines Services Nigeria Limited 
 Nigeria 
 Solar Turbines Services of Argentina S.R.L. 
 Argentina 
 Solar Turbines Slovakia s.r.o. 
 Slovakia 

Solar Turbines Switzerland Sagl 
 Switzerland 
 Solar Turbines Trinidad & Tobago Limited 
 Trinidad and Tobago 
 Solar Turbines West-Africa SARL 
 Gabon 
 SPM Oil & Gas Bahamas Ltd. 
 Bahamas 
 SPM Oil & Gas Canada Ltd. 
 Canada 
 SPM Oil & Gas Colombia S.A.S. 
 Columbia 
 SPM Oil & Gas FZCO 
 United Arab Emirates 
 SPM Oil & Gas Hong Kong Limited 
 Hong Kong 
 SPM Oil & Gas Inc. 
 Texas 
 SPM Oil & Gas Malaysia Sdn. Bhd. 
 Malaysia 
 SPM Oil & Gas Mexico, S. De R.L. De C.V. 
 Mexico 
 SPM Oil & Gas PC Canada Ltd. 
 Canada 
 SPM Oil & Gas PC LLC 
 Texas 
 SPM Oil & Gas PC Singapore Pte. Ltd. 
 Singapore 
 SPM Oil & Gas Scotland Limited 
 Scotland 
 SPM Oil & Gas Singapore Pte. Ltd. 
 Singapore 
 SPM Oil & Gas Technical Services (Tianjin) Co., Ltd. 
 China 
 SPM Oil and Gas Muscat LLC 
 Oman 
 SPM Trading (Shanghai) Co., Ltd. 
 China 
 Tangent Development LLC 
 Delaware 
 Tangent Energy Solutions, Inc. 
 Delaware 
 Tangent Generation Resources, LLC 
 Indiana 
 Tecnologia Modificada, S.A. de C.V. 
 Mexico 
 TES Blue Star Solar 23 LLC 
 Delaware 
 TES Helen Kramer Landfill 23 LLC 
 Delaware 
 TES Kingston Solar 23 LLC 
 Delaware 
 TES MAS23 Energy Storage, LLC 
 Delaware 
 Tokyo Rental Ltd. 
 Japan 
 Turbinas Solar de Colombia S.A. 
 Colombia 
 Turbinas Solar de Venezuela, C.A. 
 Venezuela 
 Turbo Tecnologia de Reparaciones S.A. de C.V. 
 Mexico 
 Turbomach Endustriyel Gaz Turbinleri Sanayi Ve Ticaret Limited 
 Turkey 
 Turbomach France SARL 
 France 
 Turbomach GmbH 
 Germany 
 Turbomach Netherlands B.V. 
 Netherlands 
 Turbomach Pakistan (Private) Limited 
 Pakistan 
 Turbomach S.A., Unipersonal 
 Spain 
 Turbomach Sp. Z o.o. 
 Poland 
 Turner Powertrain Systems Limited 
 England and Wales 
 Underground Mining LLC 
 Delaware 
 Vasky Energy Ltd. 
 British Virgin Islands 
 Xuxin (Langfang) Mining Equipment Co., Ltd. 
 China 
 Zhengzhou Siwei Mechanical and Electrical Equipment Sales Co., Ltd. 
 China 
 
 Majority-Owned Subsidiaries 
 Name of Company 
 Where Organized 
 AsiaTrak (Tianjin) Ltd. 
 China 
 CCP Sarcos, L.P. 
 Delaware 
 Gale Lane Solar LLC 
 Delaware 
 Longbow VoltaGrid Co-Invest LP 
 Delaware 

Magnum Power Products, LLC 
 Delaware 
 PT Solar Services Indonesia 
 Indonesia 
 Progress Rail Arabia Limited Company 
 Saudi Arabia 
 Wetland Sustainability Fund I, LLC 
 Delaware 
 
 Affiliated Companies (50 and less ownership) 
 Name of Company 
 Where Organized 
 
 10G LLC 
 Delaware 
 Advanced Filtration Systems Inc. 
 Delaware 
 AFSI Europe s.r.o. 
 Czechia 
 Amsted RPS Schwihag JV LLC 
 Delaware 
 AP Operation & Maintenance Limited 
 Channel Islands 
 Busybusy, Inc. 
 Delaware 
 Caterpillar Trimble Control Technologies LLC 
 Delaware 
 CSSC Motoren Anqing-Kiel Co., Ltd. 
 China 
 Datong Tongbi Machinery Company Limited 
 China 
 Electro-Motive Diesel Africa Proprietary Limited 
 South Africa 
 Evercompounds LLC 
 Delaware 
 GTUIT, LLC 
 Delaware 
 Lithos Energy, Inc. 
 Delaware 
 Longbow Certarus Co-Invest II LP 
 Canada 
 MaK Middle East LLC 
 United Arab Emirates 
 Stream Systems Ltd. 
 Canada 
 Terex NHL Mining Equipment Company Limited 
 China 
 Turboservices SDN BHD 
 Malaysia 
 VirtualSite Solutions LLC 
 Delaware 
 WESCO LLC 
 United Arab Emirates 
 Xi'an FC Intelligence Transmission Co., Ltd. 
 China 

</EX-21>

<EX-23>
 3
 cat_exx23x12312022.htm
 EX-23 PWC CONSENT

Document 

EXHIBIT 23 

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements on Form S-3 (No. 333-261620), Form S-4 (Nos. 333-121003 and 333-183774) and Form S-8 (Nos. 333-196711, 333-135467, 333-168868, 333-168867, 333-32853, 333-32851, 333-128342, 333-219861, 333-170399, 333-214382, 333-186744, 333-192766, 333-170403, 333-141548, 333-133275, 333-115837, 333-98197, 333-41464, 333-03609, 333-236519, 333-236518, 333-253205 and 333-262778) of Caterpillar Inc. of our report dated February 15, 2023 relating to the financial statements and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, which appears in this Form 10 K. 
 
 s PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP 
 
 Chicago, Illinois 
 February 15, 2023 

</EX-23>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 cat_exx311x12312022.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.1 
 SECTION 302 CERTIFICATION 
 I, D. James Umpleby III, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Caterpillar Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a) 
 designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) 
 designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) 
 
 evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) 
 disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a) 
 all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) 
 any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 February 15, 2023 s D. James Umpleby III Chief Executive Officer D. James Umpleby III 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 cat_exx312x12312022.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.2 
 SECTION 302 CERTIFICATION 
 I, Andrew R.J. Bonfield, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Caterpillar Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a) 
 designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) 
 designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) 
 evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) 
 disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a) 
 all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) 
 any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 February 15, 2023 s Andrew R.J. Bonfield Chief Financial Officer Andrew R.J. Bonfield 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32>
 6
 catex_32x12312022.htm
 EX-32

Document 

EXHIBIT 32 
 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the annual report of Caterpillar Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ending December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), the undersigned hereby certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of our knowledge 
 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 February 15, 2023 s D. James Umpleby III Chief Executive Officer D. James Umpleby III February 15, 2023 s Andrew R.J. Bonfield Chief Financial Officer Andrew R.J. Bonfield 
 
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to Caterpillar Inc. and will be retained by Caterpillar Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 cat-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 cat-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 cat-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 cat-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 cat-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

