<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230329_10-K_edgar_data_1007019_0001493152-23-009523.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>6142388</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>519636</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1108923</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2124884</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>956673</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1250581</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-23-009523.hdr.sgml : 20230329
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230329170934
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-23-009523
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		66
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221031
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230329
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230329

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			COFFEE HOLDING CO INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001007019
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	MISCELLANEOUS FOOD PREPARATIONS & KINDRED PRODUCTS [2090]
		IRS NUMBER:				113860760
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1031

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-32491
		FILM NUMBER:		23776101

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3475 VICTORY BLVD
		CITY:			STATEN ISLAND
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10314
		BUSINESS PHONE:		7188320800

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3475 VICTORY BLVD
		CITY:			STATEN ISLAND
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10314

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	TRANSPACIFIC INTERNATIONAL GROUP CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19960201

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-23-009523.txt : 20230329

10-K
 1
 form10-k.htm

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington,
D.C. 20549 

Form

ANNUAL
 REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the fiscal year ended , 

TRANSITION
 REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the transition period from ____________ to _______________. 

Commission
file number: 

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State
 or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation
 or organization) 
 
 (I.R.S.
 Employer 
 Identification No.) 

, , 

(Address
 of principal executive offices) 
 
 (Zip
 Code) 

Registrant s
telephone number, including area code: 

Securities
registered under Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title
 of each class: 
 
 Trading
 Symbol 
 
 Name
 of each exchange on which registered: 

Capital Market 

Securities
registered under Section 12(g) of the Exchange Act: None 

Indicate
by check mark if registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the past 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has
been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant
to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit such files). Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company, or an emerging growth company. See definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller
reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): 

Large
 accelerated filer 
 
 Accelerated
 filer 
 Smaller
 Reporting Company 

Emerging
Growth Company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

If
securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant
included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

 Indicate
by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation
received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes 

The
aggregate market value of the common equity held by non-affiliates of the registrant, computed by reference to the closing price of the
registrant s common stock on the NASDAQ Capital Market on April 30, 2022, was . 

As
of January 20, 2023, the registrant had shares of common stock, par value 0.001 per share, outstanding. 

Documents
incorporated by reference 

. 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

Page 
 
 PART I 
 
 1 

ITEM
 1. 
 BUSINESS 
 1 
 
 ITEM
 1A. 
 RISK FACTORS 
 11 
 
 ITEM
 1B. 
 UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 22 
 
 ITEM
 2. 
 PROPERTIES 
 22 
 
 ITEM
 3. 
 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 23 
 
 ITEM
 4. 
 MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 23 

PART II 
 
 23 

ITEM
 5. 
 MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 23 
 
 ITEM
 6. 
 RESERVED 
 23 
 
 ITEM
 7. 
 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 24 
 
 ITEM
 7A. 
 QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 29 
 
 ITEM
 8. 
 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 29 
 
 ITEM
 9. 
 CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 29 
 
 ITEM
 9A. 
 CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 30 
 
 ITEM
 9B. 
 OTHER INFORMATION 
 30 
 
 ITEM
 9C. 
 DISCLOSURES REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 30 

PART III 
 
 31 

ITEM
 10. 
 DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 31 
 
 ITEM
 11. 
 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 34 
 
 ITEM
 12. 
 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 40 
 
 ITEM
 13. 
 CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 41 
 
 ITEM
 14. 
 PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 
 41 

PART IV 
 
 42 

ITEM
 15. 
 EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 42 
 
 ITEM
 16 
 FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 45 
 
 SIGNATURES 
 46 

INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 F-1 

i 

PART
I 

ITEM
 1. 
 BUSINESS 

General
Overview 

Products
and Operations. We are an integrated wholesale coffee roaster and dealer located in the United States. Our core products can
be divided into three categories: 

Wholesale
 Green Coffee: unroasted raw beans imported from around the world and sold to large and small roasters and coffee shop operators; 

Private
 Label Coffee: coffee roasted, blended, packaged and sold under the specifications and names of others, including supermarkets
 that want to have their own brand name on coffee to compete with national brands; and 

Branded
 Coffee: coffee roasted and blended to our own specifications and packaged and sold under our eight proprietary and licensed
 brand names in different segments of the market. 

Our
private label and branded coffee products are sold throughout the United States and certain countries in Asia to supermarkets, wholesalers,
and individually owned and multi-unit retail customers. Our unprocessed green coffee, which includes over 90 specialty coffee offerings,
is primarily sold to specialty gourmet roasters in the United states, Canada and multiple international countries. 

We
conduct our operations in accordance with strict freshness and quality standards. All of our private label and branded coffees are produced
from high quality coffee beans that are deep roasted for full flavor using a slow roasting process that has been perfected utilizing
almost 50 years of experience in the coffee industry. In order to ensure freshness, our products are delivered to our customers within
72 hours of roasting. We believe that our long history has enabled us to develop a loyal customer base. 

In
June 2016, we acquired substantially all of the assets of Coffee Kinetics LLC (doing business as Sonofresco) through our wholly-owned
subsidiary Sonofresco, LLC Sonofresco or SONO ), including equipment, inventory, customer lists, relationships
and accounts payable. In addition to our wholesale green coffee, private label coffee and branded coffee product offerings, we currently
sell tabletop coffee roasting equipment to our customers through Sonofresco. 

On
February 23, 2017, we purchased all the outstanding common stock of Comfort Foods, Inc. CFI ). CFI is a medium sized regional
roaster, manufacturing both branded and private label coffee for retail and foodservice customers located predominantly in the northeast
United States marketplace. 

On
April 24, 2018, pursuant to an Asset Purchase Agreement, by and among Generations Coffee Company, LLC GCC the entity
formed as a result of the Company s joint venture with Caruso s Coffee, Inc. and Steep Brew, Inc. the
Seller a Wisconsin corporation and the stockholder of the Seller. GCC purchased substantially all the assets, including
equipment, inventory, customer lists and relationships of the Seller. As of the fiscal period ended January 31, 2022, the parties to
the joint venture have agreed not continue with this joint venture. 

On
October 15, 2020, we entered into a Contribution and Equity Purchase Agreement (the Jordre Well Agreement to become a
49 owner in The Jordre Well, LLC The Jordre Well ), a cannabidiol CBD beverage company. Under the terms
of the Jordre Well Agreement, The Jordre Well was to assist us in the development and commercialization of CBD-infused line extensions
for non-coffee CBD-infused beverages and products. However, after further analysis by management, we will no longer pursue this line
of products. 

1 

We
were incorporated on October 9, 1995 under the laws of the State of Nevada under the name Transpacific International Group Corp Transpacific ).
On April 16, 1998, Transpacific completed a merger with Coffee Holding Co., Inc., a New York corporation. Upon the consummation of the
merger, Coffee Holding Co., Inc. was merged into Transpacific and Transpacific changed its name to Coffee Holding Co., Inc. 

Our
corporate offices are located at 3475 Victory Boulevard, Staten Island, New York 10314. Our telephone number is (718) 832-0800 and our
website address is www.coffeeholding.com. On our website, investors can obtain, free of charge, a copy of our Annual Report on Form 10-K,
Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, our Code of Conduct and Business Ethics, including disclosure related to
any amendments or waivers thereto, other reports and any amendments thereto filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of
the Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, as soon as reasonably practicable after we file such material electronically with, or furnish it
to, the Securities and Exchange Commission, or the SEC. None of the information posted on our website is incorporated by reference into
this Annual Report. The SEC also maintains a website at http://www.sec.gov that contains reports, proxy and information statements
and other information regarding us and other companies that file materials with the SEC electronically 

All
references in this report to JVA, the Company, we, us, or our mean
Coffee Holding Co., Inc. and its subsidiaries unless stated otherwise or the context otherwise indicates. 

Recent
Developments 

On
September 29, 2022, Coffee Holding Co., Inc, a Nevada corporation JVA ), entered into a Merger and Share Exchange Agreement
(the Merger Agreement ), by and among JVA, Delta Corp Holdings Limited, a Cayman Islands exempted company Pubco ),
Delta Corp Holdings Limited, a company incorporated in England and Wales Delta ), CHC Merger Sub Inc., a Nevada corporation
and wholly owned subsidiary of Pubco Merger Sub ), and each of the holders of ordinary shares of Delta as named therein
(the Sellers ). Upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Merger Agreement, Merger Sub will merge with
and into JVA, with JVA surviving as a direct, wholly-owned subsidiary of Pubco (the Merger ). As a result of the Merger,
each issued and outstanding share of JVA common stock, 0.001 par value per share (the JVA Common Stock ), will be cancelled
and converted for the right of the holder thereof to receive one ordinary share, par value 0.0001 of Pubco (the Pubco Ordinary
Shares ). 

As
a condition to the Merger, Pubco shall also acquire all of the issued and outstanding Delta securities from the Sellers in exchange for
Pubco Ordinary Shares (the Exchange and, collectively with the Merger and the other transactions contemplated by the Merger
Agreement, the Transactions ). As a result of the Transactions, JVA and Delta will each become direct, wholly-owned subsidiaries
of Pubco, with JVA stockholders receiving approximately 31.5 million (or 4.79 worth of Pubco Ordinary Shares (the Merger Consideration and Delta stockholders receiving approximately 625 million (or 95.21 worth of Pubco Ordinary Shares (the Exchange Consideration 
and collectively with the Merger Consideration, the Business Combination Consideration ), subject to certain adjustments,
at an implied diluted value per share of 5.50. The Business Combination Consideration may be adjusted if Delta closes certain acquisitions
prior to the closing of the Transactions. The Merger Agreement also includes an earn-out to existing stockholders of Delta, consisting
of 50 million of additional Pubco Ordinary Shares, which will be released to Delta stockholders if and when Delta achieves 70 million
or greater of net income for fiscal year ending 2023. 

At
the effective time of the Merger (the Merger Effective Time ), each award of options to purchase JVA Common Stock (each,
a JVA Stock Option that is outstanding, whether vested or unvested, will be cancelled and substituted with option(s) to
purchase Pubco Ordinary Shares to be granted under the Pubco equity plan (the Substituted Options ). The Substituted Options
will represent the right to purchase that number of shares of Pubco Ordinary Shares equal to the number of shares of JVA Common Stock
underlying such JVA Stock Option immediately prior to the Merger Effective Time with a per-share exercise price of such Substituted Option
equal to the exercise price per JVA Common Stock subject to such JVA Stock Option immediately prior to the Merger Effective Time. 

2 

Prior
to execution of the Merger Agreement, JVA s board of directors (the Board unanimously (i) determined that the terms
and provisions of the Merger Agreement and the transactions contemplated therein, including the Merger and Transactions, are fair, advisable
to and in the best interests of JVA and its stockholders, (ii) approved the Merger Agreement and related Transactions, (iii) directed
that the adoption of the Merger Agreement be submitted to a vote at a meeting of the stockholders of JVA, and (iv) resolved to recommend
that JVA s stockholders adopt the Merger Agreement. 

JVA,
Pubco, Delta and the Sellers have made customary representations and warranties in the Merger Agreement and have agreed to customary
covenants regarding the operation of their respective businesses prior to the closing of the transactions contemplated thereby. Consummation
of the Merger is subject to customary closing conditions, including, without limitation, (i) approval of the Merger Agreement and the
transactions contemplated thereunder by a majority of JVA s stockholders (the JVA Stockholder Approval ), (ii) the
absence of any law or order that prevents or prohibits the consummation of the Transaction, (iii) obtaining all requisite governmental
authorizations, (iv) effectiveness of the Registration Statement of Pubco on Form F-4, and (v) approval of the listing of Pubco Ordinary
Shares on the Nasdaq Capital Market. 

From
the date of the Merger Agreement until October 19, 2022 (the Go-Shop Period ), JVA shall have the right to initiate, solicit,
facilitate and encourage any inquiry or the making of any proposals or offers that constitute an acquisition proposal involving more
than fifteen percent (15 of JVA s assets or outstanding shares of common stock or in which the stockholders of JVA immediately
preceding the contemplated transaction would hold less than eighty-five percent (85 of the voting equity interest of the surviving
company (each or any combination of the foregoing, a Takeover Proposal ), including by way of providing access to non public
information to any third party pursuant to a non-disclosure agreement. Following the expiration of the Go-Shop Period, JVA will cease
such activities and be subject to customary no-shop restrictions on its ability to solicit a Takeover Proposal from third
parties and to provide non-public information to and engage in discussions with a third party in relation to a Takeover Proposal, except
that JVA may continue to engage in the aforementioned activities with third parties from whom JVA has received a Takeover Proposal that
the Board has determined constitutes or is reasonably likely to lead to a Superior Proposal (as defined below) and has determined that
the failure to take such actions would be inconsistent with the Board s fiduciary duties. 

Prior
to obtaining JVA Stockholder Approval, the Board may change its recommendation that stockholders vote to adopt the Merger Agreement (a
 Change in Recommendation (i) in response to any material event or change in circumstances with respect to JVA that was
not actually known or reasonably foreseeable by JVA prior to the date of the Merger Agreement (an Intervening Event that
the Board determines in good faith (after consultation with its financial advisor and outside legal counsel) that the failure to change
its recommendation in such circumstances would be reasonably likely to violate its fiduciary duties to the stockholders of JVA under
applicable law or (ii) if JVA has received a Takeover Proposal involving more than fifty percent (50 of JVA s assets or outstanding
shares of common stock or in which the stockholders of JVA immediately preceding the contemplated transaction would hold less than fifty
percent (50 of the voting equity interest of the surviving company, that the Board determines in good faith (after consultation with
its financial advisor and outside legal counsel) is reasonably likely to be consummated in accordance with its terms and, among other
things, if consummated, would be more favorable from a financial point of view to JVA s stockholders than the Transactions (a Superior
Proposal (in which case JVA may also terminate the Merger Agreement to enter into such Superior Proposal, subject to certain
conditions including payment of the JVA Termination Fee, as described below). 

Before
the Board may change its recommendation in connection with an Intervening Event or a Superior Proposal, or terminate the Merger Agreement
to accept a Superior Proposal, JVA must provide Delta prompt written notice of its decision to make a Change in Recommendation and for
at least five (5) business days after such notice, JVA will negotiate with Delta to enable Delta to revise the terms of the Merger Agreement
so that the Takeover Proposal no longer constitutes a Superior Proposal. Each time modifications to any material term of such alternative
acquisition proposal determined to be a Superior Proposal are made, JVA must notify Pubco of such modification and such five (5) business
day period will recommence. 

The
Merger Agreement may be terminated by each of Delta and of JVA under certain circumstances, including, among others by either Delta or
JVA if the Merger has not been consummated by June 29, 2023 (the Outside Date ). If the Merger Agreement is terminated under
certain circumstances, including, among others, as a result of breach by either JVA or Delta of their respective representations, warranties
or covenants in the Merger Agreement, whereby JVA or Delta, respectively, may be entitled to a termination fee in the amount of 750,000
plus disbursements of all documented, out-of-pocket expenses up to 250,000. In addition, if JVA terminates the Merger Agreement to accept
a Takeover Proposal or the Board (i) adversely changes its recommendation to the stockholders of JVA regarding the adoption of the Merger
Agreement or (ii) supports the approval of any JVA Takeover Proposal, then Delta shall be entitled to a termination fee of 1.3 million
and plus a disbursement of reasonable expenses up to 2 million (the JVA Termination Fee ). 

The
equityholders of Delta and JVA will have certain customary registration rights with respect to the Pubco Ordinary Shares to be received
in the transaction pursuant to the terms of a registration rights agreement, dated September 29, 2022 (the Registration Rights
Agreement ). 

On
September 29, 2022, concurrently with the entry into the Merger Agreement, Delta, Pubco and JVA entered into Voting and Support Agreements
(the JVA Voting Agreement with Andrew Gordon, President and Chief Executive Officer of JVA, and David Gordon, Executive
Vice President and Chief Operating Officer of JVA, pursuant to which Messrs. Gordon have agreed to vote in favor of adopting the Merger
Agreement and the related transactions as contemplated thereunder. JVA Voting Agreements will terminate upon the earliest to occur of
(i) the mutual written consent of each of Delta, Pubco, JVA and Messrs. Gordon, (ii) the Merger Effective Time, and (iii) the date of
termination of the Merger Agreement in accordance with its terms. 

The
foregoing description of the Merger Agreement, the Registration Rights Agreement and JVA Voting Agreements does not purport to be complete
and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of (i) the Merger Agreement, (ii) the Registration Rights Agreement, and
(iii) the form of Voting and Support Agreement, copies of which are filed as exhibits to this Annual Report on Form 10-K and incorporated
by reference herein. 

3 

Our
Competitive Strengths 

To
achieve our growth objectives described below, we intend to leverage the following competitive strengths: 

Positioned
to Profitably Grow Through Varying Cycles of the Coffee Market. We believe that we are one of the few coffee companies to offer
a broad array of branded and private label roasted ground coffees and wholesale green coffee across the spectrum of consumer tastes,
preferences and price points. While many of our competitors engage in distinct segments of the coffee business, we sell products in each
of the following areas: 

Retail
 branded coffee; 

Mainstream
 retail private label coffee; 

Specialty
 retail coffees both private label and branded; 

Wholesale
 specialty green and gourmet whole bean coffees; 

Single
 cup coffee pods; 

Food
 service; 

Instant
 coffees; 

Tea;
 and 

Tabletop
 coffee roasting equipment. 

Our
branded and private label roasted ground coffees are sold at competitive and value price levels while some of our other branded and specialty
coffees are sold predominantly at premium price levels. Premium price level coffee is high-quality gourmet coffee, such as AA Arabica
coffee, which sell at a substantial premium over traditional retail canned coffee, while competitive and value price level coffee is
mainstream or traditional canned coffee. Because of this diversification, we believe that our profitability is not dependent on any one
area of the coffee industry and, therefore, is less sensitive than our competition to potential coffee commodity price and overall economic
volatility. 

Wholesale
Green Coffee Market Presence. As a large roaster-dealer of green coffee, we believe that we are favorably positioned to increase
our specialty coffee sales. Since 1998, we have increased the number of our wholesale green coffee customers, including coffee houses,
single store operators, mall coffee stores and mail order sellers. We are a charter member of the Specialty Coffee Association of America
and one of the largest distributors of Swiss Water Processed Decaffeinated Coffees and Dattera specialty Brazil coffees in the United
States. Our almost 50 years of experience as a roaster and a dealer of green coffee allows us to provide our roasting experience as a
value added service to our gourmet roaster customers. The assistance we provide to our customers includes training, coffee blending and
market identification. We believe that our relationships with wholesale green coffee customers and our focus on selling green coffee
as a wholesaler has enabled us to participate in the growth of the specialty coffee market while mitigating the risks associated with
the competitive retail specialty coffee environment. 

Diverse
Portfolio of Differentiated Branded Coffees. We have amassed a portfolio of eight proprietary name brands sold to supermarkets,
wholesalers and individually owned stores in the United States, including brands for specialty espresso, Latin espresso, Italian espresso,
100 Colombian coffee and blended and flavored coffees. In addition, we have entered into a licensing agreement with Del Monte Corporation
for the exclusive right to use the S W trademark in the United States and other countries approved by Del Monte Corporation in connection
with the production, manufacture and sale of roasted whole bean and ground coffee for distribution to retail customers. Our existing
portfolio of differentiated brands combined with our management expertise serve as a platform to add additional name brands through acquisition
or licensing agreements which target product niches and segments that do not compete with our existing brands. 

4 

Management
Has Extensive Experience in the Coffee Industry. Andrew Gordon, our President, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer
and Treasurer, and David Gordon, our Executive Vice President Operations, have worked with Coffee Holding for 41 and 43 years,
respectively. During this period, the Company has successfully navigated varying cycles in both the coffee industry and macro economy.
David Gordon is an original member of the Specialty Coffee Association of America. We believe that our employees and management are dedicated
to our vision and mission, which is to produce high quality products, as well as to provide quality and responsive service to our customers. 

Our
Growth Strategy 

We
believe that significant growth opportunities exist by selectively pursuing strategic acquisitions and alliances, increasing penetration
with existing customers by adding new products, and developing our Harmony Bay brand and increase the number of our wholesale green coffee
customers. By capitalizing on this strategy, we hope to continue to grow our business with our commitment to quality and personalized
service to our customers. We do not intend to compete on price alone nor do we intend to expand sales at the expense of profitability. 

Selectively
Pursue Strategic Acquisitions and Alliances. We have expanded our operations by acquiring coffee companies, entering into strategic
alliances and acquiring or licensing brands, which complement our business objectives and we intend to continue to seek such opportunities. 

Grow
Our Cafe Caribe and Cafe Supremo Products. We believe the Latin population in the United States is the fastest growing and now
represents the largest minority demographic in the United States. We believe there is significant opportunity for our Caf Caribe
and Caf Supremo brands to gain market share among Latin consumers in the United States. Caf Caribe, which has historically
been our leading brand by poundage, is a specialty espresso coffee that targets espresso coffee drinkers and, in particular, Latin consumers.
Caf Supremo is a specialty espresso coffee which is priced for the more price sensitive Latin espresso coffee drinker. 

Further
Market Penetration of Our Niche Products. We intend to capture additional market share through our existing distribution channels
by selectively adding or introducing new brand names and products across multiple price points, including: 

New
 licensing agreements; 

Specialty
 blends and foodservice opportunities; 

Sales
 of our tabletop coffee roasting equipment. 

5 

Our
Core Products 

Our
core products can be divided into three categories: 

Wholesale
 Green Coffee: unroasted raw beans imported from around the world and sold to large, medium and small roasters and coffee
 shop operators; 

Private
 Label Coffee: coffee roasted, blended, packaged and sold under the specifications and names of others, including supermarkets
 that want to have their own brand name on coffee to compete with national brands; and 

Branded
 Coffee : coffee roasted and blended to our own specifications and packaged and sold under our eight proprietary and licensed
 brand names in different segments of the market. 

Wholesale
Green Coffee. The specialty coffee market remains the fastest growing area of our industry. The number of gourmet coffee houses
have been increasing in all areas of the United States. The growth in specialty coffee sales has created a marketplace for higher quality
and differentiated products, which can be priced at a premium in the marketplace. As a large roaster-dealer of green coffee, we are favorably
positioned to increase our specialty coffee sales. We sell green coffee beans to small roasters and coffee shop operators located throughout
the United States and carry over approximately 90 different varieties. Specialty green coffee beans are sold unroasted, direct from warehouses
to small roasters and gourmet coffee shop operators, which then roast the beans themselves. We sell from as little as one bag (132 pounds)
to a full truckload (44,000 pounds) of specialty green coffee beans, depending on the size and need of the customer. We believe that
we can increase sales of wholesale green coffee without an increase in infrastructure as well as without venturing into the highly competitive
retail specialty coffee environment. We believe that by utilizing our current strategy we can be as profitable or more profitable than
our competitors in this segment by selling one bag at a time rather than one cup at a time. 

Private
Label Coffee. We roast, blend, package and sell coffee under private labels for companies throughout the United States and Canada.
Our private label coffee is sold in cans, brick packages and instants in a variety of sizes. We produce private label coffee for customers
who desire to sell coffee under their own name but do not want to engage in the manufacturing process. Our private label customers seek
a quality similar to the national brands at a lower cost, which represents a better value for the consumer. 

Branded
Coffee . We roast and blend our branded coffee according to our own recipes and package the coffee at our facilities in La Junta,
Colorado, and North Andover, Massachusetts. We then sell the packaged coffee under our brand labels to supermarkets, wholesalers and
individually-owned stores throughout the United States. 

We
hold trademarks for each of our proprietary name brands and have the exclusive right to use the S W, IL CLASSICO brand names in the
United States in connection with the production, manufacture and sale of roasted whole bean and ground coffee for distribution at the
retail level. For further information regarding our trademark rights, see Business Trademarks. 

Each
of our name brands is directed at a particular segment of the coffee market. Our branded coffees are: 

Cafe
Caribe , a specialty espresso coffee that targets espresso coffee drinkers and, in particular, the Latin consumer market; 

6 

Don
Manuel, is produced from the finest 100 Colombian coffee beans. Don Manuel is an upscale quality product which commands a substantial
premium compared to the more traditional brown coffee blends. We also use this known trademark in our food service business because of
the high brand quality; 

S W ,
an upscale canned coffee established in 1921 and includes Premium, Premium Decaf, French Roast, Colombian, Colombian Decaf, Swiss Water
Decaf, Kona, Mellow d Roast and IL CLASSICO lines; 

Cafe
Supremo , a specialty espresso that targets espresso drinkers of all backgrounds and tastes. It is designed to introduce coffee
drinkers to the tastes of dark roasted coffee; 

Via
Roma , an Italian espresso targeted at the more traditional espresso drinker; 

Premier
Roasters , a line of high quality retail and foodservice products packed in composite cans and poly bags and single serve; and 

Harmony
Bay , an upscale line of flavored beans in 11oz and 40oz bags, along with single serve offerings in a multitude of unique flavor
profiles. 

Other
Products 

We
also offer several niche products, including: 

tea;
 and 

table-top
 coffee roasters and grinders. 

Raw
Materials 

Coffee
is a commodity traded on the Commodities and Futures Exchange subject to price fluctuations. Over the past five years, the average price
per pound of coffee beans ranged from approximately 0.8635 to 2.6045. The price for coffee beans on the commodities market as of October
31, 2022 and 2021 was 1.7770 and 2.04 per pound, respectively. Specialty green coffee, unlike most coffee, is not tied directly to the
commodities cash markets. Instead, it tends to trade on a negotiated basis at a substantial premium over commodity coffee pricing, depending
on the origin, supply and demand at the time of purchase. We are a licensed Fair Trade dealer for Fair Trade certified coffee. Fair Trade
certified coffee helps small coffee farmers to increase their incomes and improve the prospects of their communities and families by
guaranteeing farmers a minimum price of ten cents above the current market price. Our North Andover plant operated by our Comfort Foods
division, is certified organic by the Organic Crop Improvement Association (OCIA). All of our specialty green coffees, as well as all
of the other coffees we import for roasting, are subject to multiple levels of quality control. 

7 

We
purchase our green coffee from dealers located primarily within the United States. The dealers supply us with coffee beans from many
countries, including Colombia, Mexico, Kenya, Indonesia, Brazil and Uganda. We do not have any formalized, material agreements or long-term
contracts with any of these suppliers. Rather, our purchases are typically made pursuant to individual purchase orders. We do not believe
that the loss of any one supplier would have a material adverse effect on our operations due to the availability of alternate suppliers. 

The
supply and price of coffee beans are subject to volatility and are influenced by numerous factors which are beyond our control. Supply
and price can be affected by factors such as weather, politics, currency fluctuations and economics within the countries that export
coffee. Increases in the cost of coffee beans can, to a certain extent, be passed on to our customers in the form of higher prices for
coffee beans and processed coffee. Drastic or prolonged increases in coffee prices may also adversely impact our business as it could
lead to a decline in overall consumption of coffee. Similarly, rapid decreases in the cost of coffee beans may force us to lower our
sale prices before realizing cost reductions in our purchases. 

We
subject all of our private unroasted green coffee to both a pre-shipment sample approval and an additional sample approval upon arrival
into the United States. Once the arrival sample is approved, we then bring the coffee to one of our facilities to roast and blend according
to our own strict specifications. During the roasting and blending process, samples are pulled off the production line and tested on
an hourly basis to ensure that each batch roasted is consistent with the others and meets the strict quality standards demanded by our
customers and us. 

Our
Use of Derivatives 

The
supply and price of coffee beans are subject to volatility and are influenced by numerous factors which are beyond our control. Historically,
we have used, and intend to continue to use in a limited capacity, short-term coffee futures and options contracts primarily for the
purpose of partially hedging the effects of changing green coffee prices and to reduce our costs of sales. In addition, we acquired,
and expect to continue to acquire, futures contracts with longer terms, generally three to four months, primarily for the purpose of
guaranteeing an adequate supply of green coffee. Realized and unrealized gains or losses on options and futures contracts are reflected
in our cost of sales. Gains on options and futures contracts reduce our cost of sales and losses on options and futures contracts increase
our cost of sales. The use of these derivative financial instruments has generally enabled us to mitigate the effect of changing prices.
 We believe that, in normal economic times, our hedging policies remain a vital element of our business
model not only in controlling our cost of sales, but also giving us the flexibility to obtain the inventory necessary to continue to
grow our sales while trying to minimize margin compression during a time of high coffee prices. However, no strategy can entirely
eliminate pricing risks and we generally remain exposed to losses on futures contracts when prices decline significantly in a short period
of time, and we would generally remain exposed to supply risk in the event of non-performance by the counterparties in any one of our
physical contracts. Although we have had net gains on options and futures contracts in the past,
we have incurred significant losses on options and futures contracts during some reporting periods. In these cases, our cost of sales
has increased, resulting in a decrease in our profitability or increase our losses. Such losses have and could in the future materially
increase our cost of sales and materially decrease our profitability and adversely affect our stock price. See Item 1A 
Risk Factors - If our hedging policy is not effective, we may not be able to control our coffee costs, we may be forced to pay greater
than market value for green coffee and our profitability may be reduced. Failure to properly design and implement an effective
hedging strategy may materially adversely affect our business and operating results. If the hedges that we enter do not adequately offset
the risks of coffee bean price volatility or our hedges result in losses, our cost of sales may increase, resulting in a decrease in
profitability or increased losses. As previously announced, as a result of the volatile nature of the commodities markets, we have and
are continuing to scale back our use of hedging and short-term trading of coffee futures and options contracts, and intend to continue
to use these practices in a limited capacity going forward. See Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk Commodity
Price Risks. 

8 

Trademarks
and Tradename 

We
hold trademarks, registered with the United States Patent and Trademark Office, for all eight of our proprietary coffee brands and an
exclusive license for S W, IL CLASSICO brands for sale in the United States. Trademark registrations are subject to periodic renewal
and we anticipate maintaining our registrations. We believe that our brands are recognizable in the marketplace and that brand recognition
is important to the success of our branded coffee business. 

Customers 

We
sell our private label and our branded coffee to some of the largest retail and wholesale customers in the United States (according to
 Supermarket News ). 

Although
our agreements with wholesale customers generally contain only pricing terms, our contracts with certain customers also contain minimum
and maximum purchase obligations at fixed prices. Because our profits on a fixed-price contract could decline if coffee prices increased,
we acquire futures contracts with longer terms (generally three to four months) primarily for the purpose of guaranteeing an adequate
supply of green coffee at favorable prices. Although the use of these derivative financial instruments has generally enabled us to mitigate
the effect of changing prices, no strategy can entirely eliminate pricing risks or increased losses and we generally remain exposed to
losses on futures contracts when prices decline significantly in a short period of time, and we would generally remain exposed to supply
risk in the event of non-performance by the counterparties to any futures contracts. See Our Use of Derivatives. 

Marketing 

We
market our private label and wholesale coffee through trade shows, industry publications, face-to-face contact and through the use of
our internal sales force and non-exclusive independent food and beverage sales brokers. We also use our web site (www.coffeeholding.com)
as a method of marketing our coffee products and ourselves. 

For
our private label and branded coffees, we will, from time to time in conjunction with retailers and with wholesalers, conduct in-store
promotions, such as product demonstrations, coupons, price reductions, two-for-one sales and new product launches to capture changing
consumer taste preferences for upscale canned, bagged and single cup coffees. 

We
evaluate opportunities for growth consistent with our business objectives. In addition, we have established relationships with independent
sales brokers to market our products across the United States, in areas of the country where we have not had a high penetration of sales
and Canada. We utilize our in-house sales personnel to market our private label brands. We intend to capture additional market share
in our existing distribution channels by selectively adding or introducing new brand names and products across multiple price points,
including niche specialty blends, private label value blends and tea and our own brands, filter packages, and peripheral
products. 

Charitable
Activities 

We
are also a supporter of several coffee-oriented charitable organizations and during fiscal 2022 and 2021, we donated approximately 38,000
and 49,000, respectively, to charities. 

For
 over 20 years, we have been members of Coffee Kids, an international non-profit organization that helps to improve the quality of
 life of children and their families in coffee-growing communities in Mexico, Guatemala, Nicaragua and Costa Rica. 

9 

We
 are members of Grounds for Health, an organization that educates, screens, and arranges treatment for women who have cancer and live
 in the rural coffee growing communities of Mexico. 

We
 are a licensed Fair Trade dealer of Fair Trade certified coffee. Fair Trade certified coffee helps small coffee farmers to increase
 their incomes and improve the prospects of their communities and families. It guarantees farmers a minimum price of 1.40 per pound
 or fifteen cents above the current market price. 

We
 are the administrative benefactors to a non-profit organization called Cup for Education. After discovering the lack of schools,
 teachers, and basic fundamental learning supplies in the poor coffee growing communities of Central and Latin America, Cup 
 was established by our employee, Karen Gordon, to help build schools, sponsor teachers, and purchase basic supplies such as books,
 chalk and other necessities for a proper education. 

Competition 

The
coffee market is highly competitive. We compete in the following areas: 

Wholesale
Green Coffee. There are many green coffee dealers throughout the United States. Many of these dealers have greater financial
resources than we do. However, we believe that we have both the knowledge and the capability to assist small specialty gourmet coffee
roasters with developing and growing their businesses. Our over 40 years of experience as a roaster and a dealer of green coffee allows
us to provide our roasting experience as a value added service to our gourmet roaster customers. While other coffee merchants may be
able to offer lower prices for coffee beans, we market ourselves as a value-added supplier to small roasters, with the ability to help
them market their specialty coffee products and develop a customer base. The assistance we provide our customers includes training, coffee
blending and market identification. Because specialty green coffee beans are sold unroasted to small coffee shops and roasters that market
their products to local gourmet customers, we do not believe that our specialty green coffee customers compete with our private label
or branded coffee lines of business. We believe that the addition of Organic Products Trading Company, LLC OPTCO ), Sonofresco,
CFI as well as our external green coffee salespeople allows us to compete more effectively throughout the country and Canada. 

Private
Label Competition. There are several major producers of coffee for private label sales in the United States. Many other companies
produce coffee for sale on a regional basis. Our main competitor is the Massimo Zanetti Beverage Company. The Massimo Zanetti Beverage
Company is larger and has more financial and other resources than we do and, therefore, is able to devote more resources to product development
and marketing. We believe that we remain competitive by providing a higher level of quality and customer service. This service includes
ensuring that the coffee produced for each label maintains a consistent taste and is delivered on time and in the proper quantities. 

Branded
Competition. Our proprietary brand coffees compete with many other brands that are sold in supermarkets and specialty stores,
primarily in the Northeastern United States. The branded coffee market in both the Northeast and elsewhere is dominated by two large
companies: Kraft Foods, Inc. (owner of the Maxwell House brand), and J.M. Smucker Co. (owner of the Folgers and Caf Bustelo brands).
Our large competitors have greater access to capital and a greater ability to conduct marketing and promotions. We believe that, while
our competitors brands may be more nationally recognizable, our Caf Caribe and Caf Supremo brands are competitive
in the fast growing Latin demographic, our Harmony Bay has a strong regional presence in the northeast and our S W brand has been
a popular and recognizable brand on the west coast for over 80 years. 

Government
Regulation 

Our
coffee roasting operations are subject to various governmental laws and regulations, which require us to obtain licenses relating to
customs, health and safety, building and land use and environmental protection. Our roasting facility is subject to state and local air-quality
and emissions regulation. If we encounter difficulties in obtaining any necessary licenses or if we have difficulty complying with these
laws and regulations, then we could be subject to fines and penalties, which could have a material adverse effect on our profitability.
In addition, our product offerings could be limited, thereby reducing our revenues. 

10 

We
believe that we are in compliance in all material respects with all such laws and regulations and that we have obtained all material
licenses and permits that are required for the operation of our business. We are not aware of any environmental regulations that have
or that we believe will have a material adverse effect on our operations. 

Employees 

We
have 79 full-time employees. None of our employees are represented by unions or collective bargaining agreements. Our management believes
that we maintain good working relationships with our employees. To supplement our internal sales staff, we sometimes engage independent
national and regional sales brokers as independent contractors who work on a commission basis. 

ITEM
 1A. 
 RISK
 FACTORS 

An
investment in our common stock is subject to risks inherent in our business. Before making an investment decision, you should carefully
consider the risks and uncertainties described below together with all of the other information included in this report. In addition
to the risks and uncertainties described below, other risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently deem to
be immaterial also may materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. The value or market
price of our common stock could decline due to any of these identified or other risks, and you could lose all of your investment. 

Risks
affecting our Company 

Because
our business is highly dependent upon a single commodity, coffee, any decrease in demand for coffee could materially adversely affect
our revenues and profitability. Our business is centered on essentially one commodity: coffee. Our operations have primarily
focused on the following areas of the coffee industry: 

the
 roasting, blending, packaging and distribution of private label coffee; 

the
 roasting, blending, packaging and distribution of proprietary branded coffee; and 

the
 sale of wholesale specialty green coffee. 

Demand
for our products is affected by: 

consumer
 tastes and preferences; 

global
 economic conditions; 

demographic
 trends; and 

the
 type, number and location of competing products. 

Because
we rely on a single commodity, any decrease in demand for coffee would harm our business more than if we had more diversified product
offerings and could materially adversely affect our revenues and operating results. 

11 

The
COVID-19 pandemic has, and may continue to have, an adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. The
World Health Organization declared the novel coronavirus (COVID-19), first identified in Wuhan, China, a pandemic in March 2020. Our
business, financial condition and results of operations have been and are expected to continue to be adversely affected by the COVID-19
pandemic. The COVID-19 pandemic has affected nearly all regions of the world, and preventative measures taken to contain or mitigate
the outbreak have caused, and are continuing to cause, business slowdown or shutdown in affected areas. This has and could continue to
negatively affect the global economy, including reduced consumer spending and disruption of global supply chains. We cannot predict the
degree to which our business, financial condition and results of operations will be affected by the COVID-19 pandemic, but the effects
could be material. 

In
addition to the factors above, the COVID-19 pandemic has subjected our business to additional risk, including, but not limited to: 

Disruption
 to our green coffee supplier partners and vendors, including through the effects of facility closures, reductions in operating hours,
 labor shortages, and changes in operating procedures; 

Disruption
 to our own distribution and general office facilities and operations, including through the effects of facility closures, reductions
 in operating hours, labor shortages, and changes in operating procedures, including for additional cleaning and disinfection procedures; 

Closure
 or reduced operations of cafes, restaurants and food service stores and reductions in consumer traffic, which may adversely affect
 our Private Label Coffee and Branded Coffee channels; 

Lower
 performance of customers in our wholesale channel, which may result in reduction or cancellation of future orders; 

Reductions
 in consumer spending due to macroeconomic conditions caused by the COVID-19 pandemic, including decreased disposable income and increased
 unemployment, which may result in decreased sales in all of our channels. 

At
this time, we cannot assess the ultimate economic impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our business, operations or financial performance,
which will be determined by, among other things, the duration, severity and magnitude of such circumstances and governmental responses
and requirements relating to the pandemic, nor can we predict the long-term effects of governmental and public responses to changing
conditions. The extent to which the COVID-19 pandemic will impact our operations, liquidity or financial results in subsequent periods
is uncertain, but such impact could be material. If the COVID-19 pandemic becomes prolonged, and/or more severe, it could exacerbate
the negative impacts on our business and results of operations and may also heighten many of the other risks described in this section
entitled Risk Factors. 

Unfavorable
global economic conditions and adverse developments with respect to financial institutions and associated liquidity risk could adversely
affect our business, financial condition and stock price. 

The
global credit and financial markets are currently, and have from time to time experienced extreme volatility and disruptions, including
severely diminished liquidity and credit availability, rising interest and inflation rates, declines in consumer confidence, declines
in economic growth, increases in unemployment rates and uncertainty about economic stability. The financial markets and the global economy
may also be adversely affected by the current or anticipated impact of military conflict, including the ongoing conflict between Russia
and Ukraine, terrorism or other geopolitical events. Sanctions imposed by the United States and other countries in response to such conflicts,
including the one in Ukraine, may also adversely impact the financial markets and the global economy, and any economic countermeasures
by the affected countries or others could exacerbate market and economic instability. More recently, the closures of Silicon Valley Bank,
or SVB, and Signature Bank and their placement into receivership with the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, or FDIC created bank-specific
and broader financial institution liquidity risk and concerns. Although the Department of the Treasury, the Federal Reserve, and the
FDIC jointly released a statement that depositors at SVB and Signature Bank would have access to their funds, even those in excess of
the standard FDIC insurance limits, under a systemic risk exception, future adverse developments with respect to specific financial institutions
or the broader financial services industry may lead to market-wide liquidity shortages, impair the ability of companies to access near-term
working capital needs, and create additional market and economic uncertainty. There can be no assurance that future credit and financial
market instability and a deterioration in confidence in economic conditions will not occur. Our general business strategy may be adversely
affected by any such economic downturn, liquidity shortages, volatile business environment or continued unpredictable and unstable market
conditions. If the equity and credit markets deteriorate, or if adverse developments are experienced by financial institutions, it may
cause short-term liquidity risk and also make any necessary debt or equity financing more difficult, more costly, more onerous with respect
to financial and operating covenants and more dilutive. Failure to secure any necessary financing in a timely manner and on favorable
terms could have a material adverse effect on our growth strategy, financial performance and stock price and could require us to delay
or abandon clinical development plans. In addition, there is a risk that one or more of our current service providers, financial institutions,
manufacturers and other partners may be adversely affected by the foregoing risks, which could directly affect our ability to attain
our operating goals on schedule and on budget. 

Adverse
global conditions, including economic uncertainty, may negatively impact our financial results. 

Global
conditions, dislocations in the financial markets, any negative financial impacts affecting United States corporations operating on a
global basis as a result of tax reform or changes to existing trade agreements or tax conventions, or inflation, could adversely impact
our business in a number of ways, including longer sales cycles, lower prices for our products, reduced licensing renewals, customer
disruption or foreign currency fluctuations. 

In
addition, the global macroeconomic environment could be negatively affected by, among other things, the COVID-19 pandemic or other epidemics,
instability in global economic markets, increased U.S. trade tariffs and trade disputes with other countries, instability in the global
credit markets, supply chain weaknesses, instability in the geopolitical environment as a result of the withdrawal of the United Kingdom
from the European Union, the Russian invasion of Ukraine and the resulting prolonged conflict and other political tensions, and foreign
governmental debt concerns. Such challenges have caused, and may continue to cause, uncertainty and instability in local economies and
in global financial markets. 

If
we are unable to geographically expand our branded and private label products, our growth will be impeded which could result in reduced
sales and profitability. Our business strategy emphasizes, among other things, geographic expansion of our branded and private
label products as opportunities arise. We may not be able to implement successfully this portion of our business strategy. Our ability
to implement this portion of our business strategy is dependent on our ability to: 

market
 our products on a national scale; 

increase
 our brand recognition on a national scale; 

enter
 into distribution and other strategic arrangements with third party retailers; and 

manage
 growth in administrative overhead and distribution costs likely to result from the planned expansion of our distribution channels. 

Our
sales and profitability may be adversely affected if we fail to successfully expand the geographic distribution of our branded and private
label products. In addition, our expenses could increase and our profits could decrease as we implement our growth strategy. 

12 

If
our hedging policy is not effective, we may not be able to control our coffee costs, we may be forced to pay greater than market value
for green coffee and our profitability may be reduced. The supply and price of coffee beans are subject to volatility and are
influenced by numerous factors which are beyond our control. We have used and expect to continue to use to a lesser extent short-term
coffee futures and options contracts for the purpose of hedging the effects of changing green coffee prices. In addition, we have acquired
and expect to continue to acquire to a lesser extent futures contracts with longer terms, generally three to four months, for the purpose
of guaranteeing an adequate supply of green coffee. Realized and unrealized gains or losses on options and futures contracts are reflected
in our cost of sales. Gains on options and futures contracts reduce our cost of sales and losses on options and futures contracts increase
our cost of sales. 

The
use of these derivative financial instruments has generally enabled us to mitigate the effect of changing prices. However, no strategy
can entirely eliminate pricing risks and we generally remain exposed to losses on futures contracts when prices decline significantly
in a short period of time, and we would generally remain exposed to supply risk in the event of non-performance by the counterparties
in any one of our physical contracts. Historically, we generally have been able to pass green coffee price increases through to customers,
thereby maintaining our gross profits, however, we may not be able to pass price increases through to our customers in the future. Failure
to properly design and implement an effective hedging strategy may materially adversely affect our business and operating results. If
the hedges that we enter do not adequately offset the risks of coffee bean price volatility or our hedging results in losses, our cost
of sales may increase, resulting in a decrease in profitability or an increase in losses. Although we have had net gains on options and
futures contracts in the past, we have incurred losses on options and futures contracts during some reporting periods. In these cases,
our cost of sales has increased, resulting in a decrease in our profitability or an increase in losses. Such losses have and could in
the future materially increase our cost of sales and materially decrease our profitability or increase losses and adversely affect our
stock price. 

13 

Any
inability to successfully implement our strategy of growth through selective acquisitions, licensing arrangements and other strategic
alliances, including joint ventures, could materially affect our revenues and profitability. Part of our growth strategy utilizes
the selective acquisition of coffee companies, the selective acquisition or licensing of additional coffee brands and other strategic
alliances including joint ventures, presents risks that could result in increased expenditures and could materially adversely affect
our revenues and profitability, including: 

such
 acquisitions, licensing arrangements or other strategic alliances may divert our management s attention from our existing operations; 

we
 may not be able to successfully integrate any acquired coffee companies or new coffee brands into our existing business; 

we
 may not be able to manage the contingent risks associated with the past operations of, and other unanticipated problems arising in,
 any acquired coffee company; and 

we
 may not be able to control unanticipated costs associated with such acquisitions, licensing arrangements or strategic alliances. 

In
addition, any such acquisitions, licensing arrangements or strategic alliances may result in: 

potentially
 dilutive issuances of our equity securities; 

the
 incurrence of additional debt; 

restructuring
 charges; and 

the
 recognition of significant charges for depreciation and amortization related to intangible assets. 

As
has been our practice in the past, we will continuously evaluate any such acquisitions, licensing opportunities or strategic alliances
as they arise. However, we have not reached any new agreements or arrangements with respect to any such acquisition, licensing opportunity
or strategic alliance (other than those described herein) at this time and we may not be able to consummate any acquisitions, licensing
arrangements or strategic alliances on terms favorable to us or at all. The failure to consummate any such acquisitions, licensing arrangements
or strategic alliances may reduce our growth and expansion. In addition, if these acquisitions, licensing opportunities or strategic
alliances are not successful, our earnings could be materially adversely affected by increased expenses and decreased revenues. 

Our
revenues and profitability could be adversely affected if our joint ventures or acquisitions are not successful. We have historically
utilized joint ventures and acquisitions to grow our business and we intend to continue to seek opportunities for new joint ventures
and acquisitions that will be complimentary to our business. While we believe that our joint ventures will be successful, losses in our
joint ventures or any future joint ventures would hurt our profitability. In addition, we generally will not be in a position to exercise
sole decision-making authority regarding our joint ventures. Investments in joint ventures may under certain circumstances, involve risks
not present when a third party is not involved, including the possibility that joint venture partners might become bankrupt or fail to
fund their share of the required capital contributions. Joint venture partners may have business interests, strategies or goals that
are inconsistent with our business interests, strategies or goals and may be, in cases where we have a minority interest, in a position
to take actions contrary to our policies, strategies or objectives. Any disputes that may arise between us and our joint venture partners
may result in litigation or arbitration that could increase our expenses and could prevent our officers and/or directors from focusing
their time and effort exclusively on our business strategies. In addition, we may in certain circumstances be liable for the actions
of our third-party joint venture partners. 

14 

Acquisitions
including strategic investments or alliances entail numerous risks, which may include: 

difficulties
 in integrating acquired operations or products, including the loss of key employees from, or customers of, acquired businesses; 

diversion
 of management s attention from our existing businesses; 

adverse
 effects on existing business relationships with suppliers and customers; 

adverse
 impacts of margin and product cost structures different from those of our current mix of business; and 

risks
 of entering distribution channels, categories or markets in which we have limited or no prior experience. 

Our
failure to successfully complete the integration of any acquired business, and any adverse consequences associated with our acquisition
activities, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results. 

The
loss of any of our key customers, could negatively affect our revenues and decrease our earnings. No one customer accounted for
greater than 10 of our net sales during our 2022 fiscal year. We generally do not enter long-term contracts with most of our customers.
Accordingly, some of our customers can stop purchasing our products at any time without penalty and are free to purchase products from
our competitors. The loss of, or reduction in sales to any of our other customers to which we sell a significant amount of our products
or any material adverse change in the financial condition of such customers would negatively affect our revenues and decrease our earnings. 

If
we lose our key personnel, including Andrew Gordon and David Gordon, our revenues and profitability could suffer. Our success
depends to a large degree upon the services of Andrew Gordon, our President, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer,
and David Gordon, our Executive Vice President Operations and Secretary. We also depend to a large degree on the expertise of
our coffee roasters. We do not have employment contracts with our coffee roasters. Our ability to source and purchase a sufficient supply
of high quality coffee beans and to roast coffee beans consistent with our quality standards could suffer if we lose the services of
any of these individuals. As a result, our business and operating results would be adversely affected. We may not be successful in obtaining
and retaining a replacement for either Andrew Gordon or David Gordon if they elect to stop working for us. In addition, we do not have
key-person insurance on the lives of Andrew Gordon or David Gordon. 

If
our goodwill, indefinitely lived intangible assets, or amortizable intangible assets become impaired, then we could be required to record
a significant charge to earnings. GAAP requires us to test for goodwill and indefinite lived intangible asset impairment at least
annually. In addition, we review our goodwill, indefinitely lived intangible assets, and amortizable intangible assets for impairment
when events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying value may not be recoverable. Factors that may be considered a change in
circumstances indicating that the carrying value of our goodwill, indefinite lived intangible assets, or amortizable intangible assets
may not be recoverable include declines in stock price, market capitalization or cash flows, and slower growth rates in our industry.
Depending on the results of our review, we could be required to record a significant charge to earnings in our consolidated financial
statements during the period in which any impairment of our goodwill, indefinite lived intangible assets, or amortizable intangible assets
were determined, negatively impacting our results of operations. 

15 

Our
indebtedness may adversely affect our ability to obtain additional funds and may increase our vulnerability to economic or business downturns.
 From time to time, we utilize borrowings under our credit facility in connection with operations. Outstanding debt could have
important negative consequences to the holders of our securities, including the following: 

general
 domestic and global economic conditions; 

a
 portion of our cash flow from operations will be needed to pay debt service and will not be available to fund future operations; 

we
 have increased vulnerability to adverse general economic and coffee industry conditions; 

we
 may be vulnerable to higher interest rates because interest expense on borrowings under our revolving line of credit is based on
 variable rates; and 

we
 may be subject to covenants that could restrict our operations. 

Our
ability to make payments on our indebtedness and to fund our operations depends on our ability to generate cash in the future. Our future
operating performance is subject to market conditions and business factors that are beyond our control. If we are unable to make payments
on our debt, we may have to reduce or delay capital expenditures, sell assets, seek additional capital or restructure or refinance our
debt. 

Our
credit facility contains covenants that place annual restrictions on our operations, including covenants relating to debt restrictions,
capital expenditures, minimum deposit restrictions, tangible net worth, net profit, leverage, employee loan restrictions, distribution
restrictions (common stock and preferred stock), dividend restrictions and restrictions on intercompany transactions. The credit facility
also requires that we maintain a minimum working capital at all times. There can be no assurance that we will be in compliance with all
covenants in the future or that we will be able to modify the terms of the credit facility should that become necessary. Failure to comply
with any of these covenants and restrictions would result in an event of default under the loan agreement. 

If
we fail to promote, enhance and maintain our brands, the value of our brands could decrease and our revenues and profitability could
be adversely affected. We believe that promoting and enhancing our brands is critical to our success. If our brand-building strategy
is unsuccessful, these expenses may never be recovered, and we may be unable to increase awareness of our brands or protect the value
of our brands. If we are unable to achieve these goals, our revenues and ability to implement our business strategy could be adversely
affected. 

Our
success in promoting and enhancing our brands will also depend on our ability to provide customers with high quality products and service.
Although we take measures to ensure that we sell only fresh roasted coffee, we have no control over our roasted coffee products once
they are purchased by our customers. Accordingly, wholesale customers may store our coffee for longer periods of time or resell our coffee
without our consent, in each case, potentially affecting the quality of the coffee prepared from our products. Although we believe we
are less susceptible to quality control problems than many of our competitors because our products are processed in-house under strict
quality control guidelines which have been in place for more than 40 years, if consumers do not perceive our products and service to
be of high quality, then the value of our brands may be diminished and, consequently, our operating results and ability to implement
our business strategy may be adversely affected. 

Our
roasting methods are not proprietary, so competitors may be able to duplicate them, which could harm our competitive position. If our
competitive position is weakened, our revenues and profitability could be materially adversely affected . We consider
our roasting methods essential to the flavor and richness of our roasted coffee and, therefore, essential to our brands of coffee. Because
we do not hold any patents for our roasting methods, it may be difficult for us to prevent competitors from copying our roasting methods
if such methods become known. If our competitors copy our roasting methods, the value of our coffee brands may be diminished, and we
may lose customers to our competitors. In addition, competitors may be able to develop roasting methods that are more advanced than our
roasting methods, which may also harm our competitive position. 

16 

The
success of our brand also depends in part on our intellectual property. We rely on a combination of trademarks, copyrights, service marks,
trade secrets and similar rights to protect our intellectual property. The success of our growth strategy depends on our continued ability
to use our existing trademarks and service marks in order to increase brand awareness and further develop our brand in both domestic
and international markets. If our efforts to protect our intellectual property are not adequate, or if any third party misappropriates
or infringes on our intellectual property, the value of our brand may be harmed, which could have a material adverse effect on our business.
We may become engaged in litigation to protect our intellectual property, which could result in substantial costs to us as well as diversion
of management attention. 

Since
we rely heavily on common carriers to ship our coffee on a daily basis, any disruption in their services or increase in shipping costs
could adversely affect our relationship with our customers, which could result in reduced revenues, increased operating expenses, a loss
of customers or reduced profitability. We rely on a number of common carriers to deliver coffee to our customers and to deliver
coffee beans to us. We have no control over these common carriers and the services provided by them may be interrupted as a result of
labor shortages, contract disputes and other factors. If we experience an interruption in these services, we may be unable to ship our
coffee in a timely manner, which could reduce our revenues and adversely affect our relationship with our customers. In addition, a delay
in shipping could require us to contract with alternative, and possibly more expensive, common carriers and could cause orders to be
cancelled or receipt of goods to be refused. Any significant increase in shipping costs could lower our profit margins or force us to
raise prices, which could cause our revenue and profits to suffer. 

If
there was a significant interruption in the operation of our Colorado or Massachusetts facilities, we may not have the capacity to service
all of our customers and we may not be able to service our customers in a timely manner, thereby reducing our revenues and earnings.
 We are dependent on the continued operations of our Colorado and Massachusetts coffee roasting and distribution facilities.
Our ability to maintain our computer and telecommunications equipment in effective working order and to protect against damage from fire,
natural disaster, power loss, telecommunications failure or similar events. In addition, growth of our customer base may strain or exceed
the capacity of our systems and lead to degradations in performance or systems failure. Although we continually review and consider upgrades
to our order fulfillment infrastructure and provide for system redundancies to limit the likelihood of systems overload or failure, substantial
damage to our systems or a systems failure that causes interruptions for a number of days could adversely affect our business. Additionally,
if we are unsuccessful in updating and expanding our order fulfillment infrastructure, our ability to grow may be constrained. As a result,
our revenues and earnings could be materially adversely affected. 

There
may be limitations on the effectiveness of our internal controls, and a failure of our control systems to prevent error or fraud may
materially harm our company. We are required, pursuant to Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, to furnish a report by our management
on, among other things, the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. This assessment includes disclosure of any
material weaknesses identified by our management in our internal control over financial reporting. A material weakness is a deficiency,
or combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material
misstatement of annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. 

Effective
internal control over financial reporting is necessary for us to provide reliable and timely financial reports and, together with adequate
disclosure controls and procedures, are designed to reasonably detect and prevent fraud. Any failure to implement required new or improved
controls, or difficulties encountered in their implementation could cause us to fail to meet our reporting obligations. Undetected material
weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting could lead to financial statement restatements and require us to incur the
expense of remediation. 

17 

Moreover,
we do not expect that disclosure controls or internal control over financial reporting will prevent all error and all fraud. A control
system, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the control system s
objectives will be met. Further, the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints and the benefits
of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of
controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, have been detected. Failure of our control
systems to detect or prevent error or fraud could materially adversely impact us. 

Our
remediation efforts may not enable us to avoid a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting in the future. Any
of the foregoing occurrences, should they come to pass, could negatively impact the public perception of our company, which could have
a negative impact on our stock price. During the years ended October 31, 2020, 2021 and 2022, we identified material weaknesses in our
financial reporting, as set forth in Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. As of the date of this Annual Report, these material weaknesses
have not been remediated. 

The
failure of our suppliers or customers to adhere to the quality standards that we set for our products could lead to investigations, litigation,
write-offs, recalls or boycotts of our products, which could damage our reputation and our brand, increase our costs, and otherwise adversely
affect our business. Unfavorable allegations, government investigations and legal actions surrounding our products and/or our business
could harm our reputation, impair our ability to grow or sustain our business, and adversely affect our business, financial condition
and operating results. We do not control the operations of our suppliers or customers and we cannot guarantee that our suppliers
or customers will comply with applicable laws and regulations or operate in a legal, ethical and responsible manner. Additionally, it
is possible that we may not be able to identify noncompliance by our suppliers or customers notwithstanding any precautionary measures
we implement. Violation of applicable laws and regulations by our suppliers or customers, or their failure to operate in a legal, ethical
or responsible manner, could expose us to legal risks, cause us to violate laws and regulations and reduce demand for our products if,
as a result of such violation or failure, we attract negative publicity. In addition, the failure of our suppliers and customers to adhere
to the quality standards that we set for our products could lead to government investigations, litigation, write-offs and recalls, which
could damage our reputation and our brand, increase our costs, and otherwise adversely affect our business. 

We
rely on our reputation for offering great value, superior service and a broad assortment of high-quality, safe products. If we become
subject to unfavorable allegations, government investigations or legal actions involving our products or us, such circumstances could
harm our reputation and our brand and adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating results. If this negative impact
is significant, our ability to grow or sustain our business could be jeopardized. 

As
disclosed further herein, we have been named as a defendant in one class action lawsuit, and we have agreed to indemnify a client named
in another class action lawsuit, alleging that our products were mislabeled and thus violate consumer protection and false advertising
statutes, among others. These lawsuits, which generally allege that our coffee products do not make the number of servings as stated
on the label, are affecting the entire coffee industry and numerous similar lawsuits have been filed against numerous private label coffee
manufacturers and retailers. 

Negative
publicity surrounding product matters, including publicity about other retailers, may harm our reputation and affect the demand for our
products. In addition, if more stringent laws or regulations are adopted in the future, we may have difficulty complying with the new
requirements imposed by such laws and regulations, and in turn, our business, financial condition, and operating results could be adversely
affected. Moreover, regardless of whether any such changes are adopted, we may become subject to claims or governmental investigations
alleging violations of applicable laws and regulations. Any such matter may subject us to fines, penalties, and/or litigation. Any one
of these results could negatively affect our business, financial condition, and operating results and impair our ability to grow or sustain
our business. 

18 

Risks
related to the coffee industry 

Increases
in the cost of high quality Arabica or Robusta coffee beans could reduce our gross margin and profit. Green coffee is our largest
single cost of sales. Coffee is a traded commodity and, in general, its price can fluctuate depending on: 

outside
 speculative influences such as indexed and algorithmic commodity funds; 

weather
 patterns in coffee-producing countries; 

economic
 and political conditions affecting coffee-producing countries, including acts of terrorism in such countries; 

foreign
 currency fluctuations; 

disruptions
 in our supply chain; and 

trade
 regulations and restrictions between coffee-producing countries and the United States. 

If
the cost of wholesale green coffee increases due to any of these factors, our margins could decrease and our profitability could suffer
accordingly. It is expected that coffee prices will remain volatile in the coming years. Although we have historically attempted to raise
the selling prices of our products in response to increases in the price of wholesale green coffee, when wholesale green coffee prices
increase rapidly or to significantly higher than normal levels, we are not always able to pass the price increases through to our customers
on a timely basis, if at all, which adversely affects our operating margins and cash flow. We may not be able to recover any future increases
in the cost of wholesale green coffee. Even if we are able to recover future increases, our operating margins and results of operations
may still be materially and adversely affected by time delays in the implementation of price increases. 

Disruptions
in the supply of green coffee could result in a deterioration of our relationship with our customers, decreased revenues or could impair
our ability to grow our business. Green coffee is a commodity and its supply is subject to volatility beyond our control. Supply
is affected by many factors in the coffee growing countries including weather, pest damage, economic conditions, acts of terrorism, as
well as efforts by coffee growers to expand or form cartels or associations. In addition, the political situation in many of the Arabica
coffee growing regions, including Africa, Indonesia, and Central and South America, can be unstable, and such instability could affect
our ability to purchase coffee from those regions. If Arabica coffee beans from a region become unavailable or prohibitively expensive,
we could be forced to discontinue particular coffee types and blends or substitute coffee beans from other regions in our blends. Frequent
substitutions and changes in our coffee product lines could lead to cost increases, customer alienation and fluctuations in our gross
margins. 

Some
of the Arabica coffee beans of the quality we purchase do not trade directly on the commodity markets. Rather, we purchase the high-end
Arabica coffee beans that we use on a negotiated basis. We depend on our relationships with coffee brokers, exporters and growers for
the supply of our primary raw material, high quality Arabica coffee beans. If any of our relationships with coffee brokers, exporters
or growers deteriorate, we may be unable to procure a sufficient quantity of high quality coffee beans at prices acceptable to us or
at all. In such case, we may not be able to fulfill the demand of our existing customers, supply new retail stores or expand other channels
of distribution. A raw material shortage could result in a deterioration of our relationship with our customers, decreased revenues or
could impair our ability to expand our business. 

Increases
in shipping costs, long lead times, supply shortages, and supply changes could disrupt our supply chain and factors such as wage rate
increases and inflation can have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and operating results. We may
experience supply delays and shortages due to a variety of macroeconomic factors, including disruptions on the global supply chain as
a result of the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic. The ongoing COVID-19 pandemic has resulted in significant disruption to the operations of
certain suppliers and the related transportation of their goods to the United States that are parts of our global supply chain. We have
been able to make alternative delivery arrangements for limited quantities of goods, at increased cost. 

19 

While
we have not yet experienced material shortages in supply as a result of these disruptions and our alternative delivery arrangements,
if they were to be prolonged or expanded in scope, there could be resulting supply shortages that could impact our ability to deliver
our products to our customers. Accordingly, such supply shortages and delivery limitations could have and material adverse effect on
our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. 

Furthermore,
increases in compensation, wage pressure, and other expenses for our employees and the employees of our suppliers, may adversely affect
our profitability. These cost increases may be the result of inflationary pressures that could further reduce our sales or profitability.
Increases in other operating costs, including changes in energy prices and lease and utility costs, may increase our cost of products
sold or selling, general, and administrative expenses. Our competitive price model and pricing pressures in the industry may inhibit
our ability to reflect these increased costs in the prices of our products, in which case such increased costs could have a material
adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

Increased
severe weather patterns may increase commodity costs, damage our facilities and disrupt our production capabilities and supply chain.
 There is increasing concern that a gradual increase in global average temperatures due to increased concentration of carbon dioxide
and other greenhouse gases in the atmosphere have caused and will continue to cause significant changes in weather patterns around the
globe and an increase in the frequency and severity of extreme weather events. Major weather phenomena are dramatically affecting coffee
growing countries. The wet and dry seasons are becoming unpredictable in timing and duration, causing improper development of the coffee
cherries. Decreased agricultural productivity in certain regions as a result of changing weather patterns may affect the quality, limit
the availability or increase the cost of key agricultural commodities, which are important ingredients for our business. Increased frequency
or duration of extreme weather conditions could damage our facilities, impair production capabilities, disrupt our supply chain or impact
demand for our products. As a result, the effects of climate change could have a long-term adverse impact on our business and results
of operations. 

The
coffee industry is highly competitive and if we cannot compete successfully, we may lose our customers or experience reduced sales and
profitability. The coffee markets in which we do business are highly competitive and competition in these markets could become
increasingly more intense due to the increasing popularity and growth of the coffee industry. The industry in which we compete is particularly
sensitive to price pressure, as well as quality, reputation and viability for wholesale and brand loyalty for retail. To the extent that
one or more of our competitors becomes more successful with respect to any key competitive factor, our ability to attract and retain
customers could be materially adversely affected. Our private label and branded coffee products compete with other manufacturers of private
label coffee and branded coffees. These competitors, such as Kraft Foods, Inc. (owner of the Maxwell House brand), and J.M. Smucker Co.
(owner of the Folgers and Caf Bustelo brands), have much greater financial, marketing, distribution, management and other resources
than we do for marketing, promotions and geographic and market expansion. In addition, there are a growing number of specialty coffee
companies who provide specialty green coffee and roasted coffee for retail sale. If we are unable to compete successfully against existing
and new competitors, we may lose our customers or experience reduced sales and profitability. 

Besides
coffee, we face exposure to other commodity cost fluctuations, which could impair our profitability. In addition to the increase
in coffee costs discussed in the risk factor above, we are exposed to cost fluctuation in other commodities, including, in particular,
steel, natural gas and gasoline. In addition, an increase in the cost of fuel could indirectly lead to higher electricity costs, transportation
costs and other commodity costs. Much like coffee costs, the costs of these commodities depend on various factors beyond our control,
including economic and political conditions, foreign currency fluctuations, and global weather patterns. To the extent we are unable
to pass along such costs to our customers through price increases, our margins and profitability will decrease. 

Adverse
public or medical opinion about caffeine may harm our business. Coffee contains caffeine and other active compounds, the health
effects of some of which are not fully understood. A number of research studies conclude or suggest that excessive consumption of caffeine
may lead to increased heart rate, nausea and vomiting, restlessness and anxiety, depression, headaches, tremors, sleeplessness and other
adverse health effects. An unfavorable report on the health effects of caffeine or other compounds present in coffee could significantly
reduce the demand for coffee, which could harm our business and reduce our sales and profits. In addition, we could become subject to
litigation relating to the existence of such compounds in our coffee; litigation that could be costly and could divert management attention. 

20 

Risks
related to our common stock 

Our
operating results may fluctuate significantly, which makes our results of operations difficult to predict and could cause our results
of operations to fall short of expectations. Our operating results may fluctuate from quarter to quarter and year to year as
a result of a number of factors, many of which are outside of our control. These fluctuations could be caused by a number of factors
including: 

fluctuations
 in purchase prices and supply of green coffee; 

fluctuations
 in the selling prices of our products; 

the
 level of marketing and pricing competition from existing or new competitors in the coffee industry; 

the
 success of our hedging strategy; 

our
 ability to retain existing customers and attract new customers; and 

our
 ability to manage inventory and fulfillment operations and maintain gross margins. 

As
a result of the foregoing, period-to-period comparisons of our operating results may not necessarily be meaningful and those comparisons
should not be relied upon as indicators of future performance. Accordingly, our operating results in future quarters may be below market
expectations. In this event, the price of our common stock may decline. 

The
Gordon family has the ability to influence action requiring stockholder approval. Members of the Gordon family, including Andrew
Gordon, our President, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer, and David Gordon, our Executive Vice President
and Secretary, own, in the aggregate, approximately 21.2 of our outstanding shares of common stock. As a result, the Gordon family is
able to influence the actions that require stockholder approval, including: 

the
 election of a majority of our directors; 

the
 amendment of our charter documents; and 

the
 approval of mergers, sales of assets or other corporate transactions or matters submitted for stockholder approval. 

As
a result, our other stockholders may have reduced influence over matters submitted for stockholder approval. In addition, the Gordon
family s influence could preclude any unsolicited acquisition of us and consequently materially adversely affect the price of our
common stock. 

The
market price of our common stock has been volatile over the year and may continue to be volatile. The market price and trading
volume of our common stock has been volatile over the past year and it may continue to be volatile. Over the past fiscal year, our common
stock has traded as low as 2.14 and as high as 5.35 per share. We cannot predict the price at which our common stock will trade in
the future and it may decline. The price at which our common stock trades may fluctuate significantly and may be influenced by many factors,
including our financial results, developments generally affecting the coffee industry, general economic, industry and market conditions,
the depth and liquidity of the market for our common stock, fluctuations in coffee prices, investor perceptions of our business, reports
by industry analysts, negative announcements by our customers, competitors or suppliers regarding their own performances, and the impact
of other Risk Factors discussed in this Annual Report. 

21 

Provisions
in our articles of incorporation, bylaws and of Nevada law have anti-takeover effects that could prevent a change in control that could
be beneficial to our stockholders, which could depress the market price of shares of our common stock. Our articles of incorporation,
bylaws and Nevada corporate law contain provisions that could delay, defer or prevent a change in control of us or our management that
could be beneficial to our stockholders. These provisions could also discourage proxy contests and make it more difficult for our stockholders
to elect directors and take other corporate actions. These provisions might also discourage a potential acquisition proposal or tender
offer, even if the acquisition proposal or tender offer is at a price above the then current market price for shares of our common stock.
These provisions: 

provide
 that directors may only be removed upon a vote of at least eighty percent of the shares outstanding; 

establish
 advance notice requirements for nominating directors and proposing matters to be voted on by shareholders at shareholder meetings; 

limit
 the right of our stockholders to call a special meeting of stockholders; 

authorize
 our board of directors to issue preferred stock and to determine the rights and preferences of those shares, which would be senior
 to our common stock, without prior stockholder approval; 

require
 amendments to our articles of incorporation to be approved by the holders of at least eighty percent of our outstanding shares of
 common stock; 

a
 classified board of directors with three-year staggered terms, which may delay the ability of stockholders to change the membership
 of a majority of our board of directors; and 

provide
 a prohibition on stockholder action by written consent, thereby only permitting stockholder action to be taken at an annual or special
 meeting of our stockholders. 

We
are also subject to certain anti-takeover provisions under Nevada law. Under Nevada law, a corporation may not, in general, engage in
a business combination with any interested stockholder for two (2) years after the date the person first became an interested
stockholder, unless the combination meets all of the requirements of our articles of incorporation and (i) the purchase of shares by
the interested stockholder is approved by our board of directors before that date or (ii) the combination is approved by our board of
directors and, at or after that time, the combination is approved at an annual or special meeting of our stockholders, and not by written
consent, by the affirmative vote of the holders of stock representing at least sixty percent (60 of our outstanding voting power not
beneficially owned by the interested stockholder or the affiliates or associates of the interested stockholder. 

Risks
Related to the Merger 

Completion
of the Merger is subject to a number of conditions and if these conditions are not satisfied or waived, such transactions will not be
completed. 

Our
obligation and the obligation of Delta to complete the Merger are subject to satisfaction or waiver of a number of conditions, including,
among others: 

approval
 of the Merger by our stockholders; 

absence
 of injunctions or certain legal impediments; 

approval for the listing on NASDAQ of Pubco s ordinary shares to be issued in the Merger; and 

accuracy
 of the representations and warranties of each of the parties, subject to certain materiality thresholds. 

There
can be no assurance that the conditions to closing set forth in the Merger Agreement will be satisfied or waived or that the Merger itself
will be completed. 

Failure
to complete the Merger could negatively impact our stock price, future business or operations. 

If
the Merger is not completed, JVA and Delta may be subject to a number of material risks, including the following: 

we
 may be required under certain circumstances to pay Delta a termination fee; 

the
 price of our common stock may decline to the extent that the relevant current market price reflects a market assumption that the
 Merger will be completed; 

costs
 related to the Merger, such as legal, accounting, certain financial advisory and financial printing fees, must be paid even if the
 Merger is not completed. 

Further,
if the Merger is terminated and either company s board of directors determines to seek another merger or business combination,
there can be no assurance that it will be able to find a partner on terms as attractive as those provided for in the Merger Agreement.
In addition, while the Merger Agreement is in effect and subject to very narrowly defined exceptions, we are prohibited from soliciting,
initiating or encouraging or entering into certain extraordinary transactions, such as a merger, sale of assets or other business combination,
other than with Delta. 

ITEM
 1B. 
 UNRESOLVED
 STAFF COMMENTS 

None. 

ITEM
 2. 
 PROPERTIES 

We
are headquartered at 3475 Victory Boulevard, Staten Island, New York, where we lease office and warehouse space. We pay annual rent ranging
from 182,749 to 297,864 under the terms of the lease, which expires on September 30, 2036. 

We
lease production, warehouse and office space in North Arlington, MA. We pay annual rent of 168,288 under the terms of a lease, which
expires in May 2028. 

We
own a 50,000 square foot facility located at 27700 Frontage Road in La Junta, Colorado. 

We
also use a variety of independent, bonded commercial warehouses to store our green coffee beans. Our management believes that our facilities
are adequate for our current operations and for our contemplated operations in the foreseeable future. 

22 

ITEM
 3. 
 LEGAL
 PROCEEDINGS 

The
Company was named as a defendant in a putative class action lawsuit filed in the United States District Court for the Northern District
of Illinois (the Court on or about December 21, 2020. The plaintiffs, Eileen Brodsky and Rhonda Diamond, purported to
represent a class of individuals who purchased coffee products at Aldi, Inc. Aldi ), a supermarket chain, generally allege
that Aldi sold private label coffee products manufactured by us and by Pan American Coffee Co., LLC Pan American ), which
falsely described the number of cups of coffee that could be made from the amount of product purchased. Aldi and Pan American were also
named as defendants in the action. The complaint asserted a variety of claims under New York and California consumer protection laws,
and sought unspecified monetary damages, including disgorgement and restitution, as well as other forms of relief including class certification,
declaratory and injunctive relief, attorneys fees, and interest. On September 28, 2021, the Court entered an order granting the
Company s motion to dismiss with prejudice (the Dismissal Order ). In the Dismissal Order, the Court stated that no
reasonable coffee drinker would be deceived by the Company s packaging. The plaintiffs filed an appeal with the 7 th 
Circuit Court of Appeals (the Appeal ). After the Appeal was filed, the Company and the plaintiffs settled the matter
during mediation in late January 2022 and the Appeal was dismissed. 

A
significant customer of the Company was named as a defendant in a putative class action lawsuit filed in the United States District Court
for the District of Massachusetts (the Massachusetts District Court on or about February 2, 2021, concerning the labeling
on private label coffee productions we sold to the customer. The plaintiff, David Cohen, purporting to represent a class of individuals
who purchased coffee products from our customer, generally allege that the customer sold private label coffee products manufactured by
the Company which falsely described the number of cups of coffee that could be made from the amount of product purchased. The Company
is not named as a defendant in the action, but has agreed to indemnify the customer for the costs and expenses incurred in defending
the lawsuit and for any liability the customer may suffer as a result. The complaint asserts a variety of claims under Massachusetts
consumer protection laws, and seeks unspecified monetary damages as well as other forms of relief including class certification, declaratory
and injunctive relief, attorneys fees, and interest. The Company believes the allegations in the complaint are wholly without
merit and that the claims asserted are legally deficient, and intends to vigorously support the customer in defending the action. On
February 28, 2022,the Company and the plaintiff, in his individual capacity and not on behalf of a presumptive class, resolved the matter
in principle and have reported the agreement in principle to the Massachusetts District Court. After the end of the period, the parties
finalized the details of a settlement agreement. The final settlement amount was immaterial to the Company s operations and results
of operations. 

ITEM
 4. 
 MINE
 SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Not
applicable. 

PART
II 

ITEM
 5. 
 MARKET
 FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

Our
common stock trades on the NASDAQ Capital Market under the symbol JVA. We do not currently pay cash dividends on our common
stock. Our board of directors does not have any intention of paying a dividend in the future. 

As
of March 15, 2023, we had 167 holders of record. 

ITEM
 6. 
 SELECTED
 FINANCIAL DATA 

Reserved. 

23 

ITEM
 7. 
 MANAGEMENT S
 DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

Cautionary
Note on Forward-Looking Statements 

Some
of the matters discussed under the caption Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operation, 
 Business, Risk Factors and elsewhere in this annual report include forward-looking statements made pursuant
to the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. We have based these forward-looking statements
upon information available to management as of the date of this Form 10-K and management s expectations and projections about future
events, including, among other things: 

our
 dependency on a single commodity could affect our revenues and profitability; 

our
 success in expanding our market presence in new geographic regions; 

the
 effectiveness of our hedging policy may impact our profitability; 

the
 success of our joint ventures; 

our
 success in implementing our business strategy or introducing new products; 

our
 ability to attract and retain customers; 

our
 ability to obtain additional financing; 

our
 ability to comply with the restrictive covenants we are subject to under our current financing; 

the
 effects of competition from other coffee manufacturers and other beverage alternatives; 

the
 impact to the operations of our Colorado facility; 

general
 economic conditions and conditions which affect the market for coffee; 

the
 potential adverse impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our operations and results, including as a result of the loss of adequate labor,
 any prolonged closures, or series of temporary closures, of our supply chain, or changes in consumer behaviors, when stay-at-home
 restriction orders are lifted and/or as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic s impact on financial markets and economic conditions; 

our
 expectations regarding, and the stability of, our supply chain, including potential shortages or interruptions in the supply or delivery
 of green coffee, as a result of COVID-19 or otherwise; 

the
 macro global economic environment; 

our
 ability to maintain and develop our brand recognition; 

the
 impact of rapid or persistent fluctuations in the price of coffee beans; 

fluctuations
 in the supply of coffee beans; 

the
 volatility of our common stock; and 

other
 risks which we identify in future filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ). 

In
some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terminology such as may, should, could, 
 predict, potential, continue, expect, anticipate, future, 
 intend, plan, believe, estimate and similar expressions (or the negative of such
expressions). Any or all of our forward looking statements in this annual report and in any other public statements we make may turn
out to be wrong. They can be affected by inaccurate assumptions we might make or by known or unknown risks and uncertainties. Consequently,
no forward-looking statement can be guaranteed. In addition, we undertake no responsibility to update any forward-looking statement to
reflect events or circumstances, that occur after the date of this annual report. 

24 

Overview 

We
are an integrated wholesale coffee roaster and dealer in the United States and one of the few coffee companies that offers a broad array
of coffee products across the entire spectrum of consumer tastes, preferences and price points. As a result, we believe that we are well-positioned
to increase our profitability and endure potential coffee price volatility throughout varying cycles of the coffee market and economic
conditions. 

Our
operations have primarily focused on the following areas of the coffee industry: 

the
 sale of wholesale specialty green coffee; 

the
 roasting, blending, packaging and sale of private label coffee; 

the
 roasting, blending, packaging and sale of our eight brands of coffee; and sales
 of our tabletop coffee roasting equipment. 

Our
operating results are affected by a number of factors including: 

the
 level of marketing and pricing competition from existing or new competitors in the coffee industry; 

our
 ability to retain existing customers and attract new customers; 

our
 hedging policy; 

fluctuations
 in purchase prices and supply of green coffee and in the selling prices of our products; and 

our
 ability to manage inventory and fulfillment operations and maintain gross margins. 

Our net sales are driven primarily
by the success of our sales and marketing efforts and our ability to retain existing customers and attract new customers. For this reason,
we have made, and will continue to evaluate, strategic decisions to invest in measures that are expected to increase net sales. These
transactions include our acquisition of Premier Roasters, LLC, including equipment and a roasting facility in La Junta, Colorado, the
addition of a west coast sales manager to increase sales of our private label and branded coffees to new customers and the transaction
with OPTCO. On June 29, 2016, we purchased substantially all the assets, including equipment, inventory, customer lists and relationships
of Coffee Kinetics, LLC., a Washington limited liability company. On February 24, 2017, we acquired 100 of the capital stock of Comfort
Foods, Inc. CFI ), a Massachusetts based medium sized coffee roaster, manufacturing both branded and private label coffee
for retail and foodservice customers. In April 2018, Generations Coffee Company, the entity formed as a result of our joint venture with
Caruso s Coffee, Inc., purchased substantially all the assets of Steep Brew, Inc. As of the fiscal period ending January 31,
2022, we agreed with Generations to no longer move forward with this joint venture. 

In
October 2020, we entered into the Jordre Well Agreement to become a 49 owner in The Jordre Well, a CBD beverage company. Under the terms
of the Jordre Well Agreement, The Jordre Well was to assist us in the development and commercialization of CBD-infused line extensions
for the existing coffee brands within our portfolio, as well as launch new brands of non-coffee CBD-infused beverages and products. However,
after further analysis, management has decided not to pursue commercialization or development of any beverages or products of this nature. 

Our
net sales are affected by the price of green coffee. We purchase our green coffee from dealers located primarily within the United States.
The dealers supply us with coffee beans from many countries, including Colombia, Mexico, Kenya, Indonesia, Brazil and Uganda. The supply
and price of coffee beans are subject to volatility and are influenced by numerous factors which are beyond our control. For example,
in Brazil, which produces approximately 40 of the world s green coffee, the coffee crops are historically susceptible to frost
in June and July and drought in September, October and November. However, because we purchase coffee from a number of countries and are
able to freely substitute one country s coffee for another in our products, price fluctuations in one country generally have not
had a material impact on the price we pay for coffee. Accordingly, price fluctuations in one country generally have not had a material
effect on our results of operations, liquidity and capital resources. Historically, because we generally have been able to pass green
coffee price increases through to customers, increased prices of green coffee generally result in increased net sales, irrespective of
sales volume. 

The
supply and price of coffee beans are subject to volatility and are influenced by numerous factors which are beyond our control. Historically,
we have used, and intend to continue to use in a limited capacity, short-term coffee futures and options contracts primarily for the
purpose of partially hedging the effects of changing green coffee prices, as further explained in Note 2 of the Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements in this Report. In addition, we acquired, and expect to continue to acquire, futures contracts with longer terms,
generally three to four months, primarily for the purpose of guaranteeing an adequate supply of green coffee. Realized and unrealized
gains or losses on options and futures contracts are reflected in our cost of sales. Gains on options and futures contracts reduce our
cost of sales and losses on options and futures contracts increase our cost of sales. The use of these derivative financial instruments
has generally enabled us to mitigate the effect of changing prices. We believe that, in normal economic times, our hedging policies remain
a vital element to our business model not only in controlling our cost of sales, but also giving us the flexibility to obtain the inventory
necessary to continue to grow our sales while trying to minimize margin compression during a time of historically high coffee prices.
However, no strategy can entirely eliminate pricing risks and we generally remain exposed to losses on futures contracts when prices
decline significantly in a short period of time, and we would generally remain exposed to supply risk in the event of non-performance
by the counterparties to any of our futures contracts. Although we have had net gains on options and futures contracts in the past, we
have incurred significant losses on options and futures contracts during some recent reporting periods. In these cases, our cost of sales
has increased, resulting in a decrease in our profitability or increase our losses. Such losses have and could in the future materially
increase our cost of sales and materially decrease our profitability and adversely affect our stock price. See Item 1A 
Risk Factors - If our hedging policy is not effective, we may not be able to control our coffee costs, we may be forced to pay greater
than market value for green coffee and our profitability may be reduced. Failure to properly design and implement an effective
hedging strategy may materially adversely affect our business and operating results. If the hedges that we enter do not adequately offset
the risks of coffee bean price volatility or our hedges result in losses, our cost of sales may increase, resulting in a decrease in
profitability or increased losses. As previously announced, as a result of the volatile nature of the commodities markets, we have and
are continuing to scale back our use of hedging and short-term trading of coffee futures and options contracts, and intend to continue
to use these practices in a limited capacity going forward. 

Recent
Events 

On
September 29, 2022, we entered into the Merger Agreement, Upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Merger Agreement,
Merger Sub will merge with and into the Company, with the Company surviving as a direct, wholly-owned subsidiary of Pubco. As a result
of the Merger, each issued and outstanding share of our common stock will be cancelled and converted for the right of the holder thereof
to receive one Pubco Ordinary Share. 

25 

Critical
Accounting Policies and Estimates 

We
prepare our consolidated financial statements in accordance with U.S. Generally Accepted Accounting Principles GAAP ).
Our significant accounting policies are described in Note 2 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies to our consolidated
financial statements attached hereto. We believe the following critical accounting policies involve the most significant judgements and
estimates used in the preparation of our consolidated financial statements. 

The
Company recognizes revenue in accordance with the five-step model as prescribed by the Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB Accounting Codification ASC Topic 606 ASC 606 in which the Company evaluates the transfer of promised
goods or services and recognizes revenue when its customer obtains control of promised goods or services in an amount that reflects the
consideration which the Company expects to be entitled to receive in exchange for those goods or services. To determine revenue recognition
for the arrangements that the Company determines are within the scope of ASC 606, the Company performs the following five steps: (1)
identify the contract(s) with a customer, (2) identify the performance obligations in the contract, (3) determine the transaction price,
(4) allocate the transaction price to the performance obligations in the contract and (5) recognize revenue when (or as) the entity satisfies
a performance obligation. 

We
have intangible assets consisting of our customer lists and relationships and trademarks acquired from Comfort Foods, OPTCO and SONO.
At October 31, 2022 our balance sheet reflected intangible assets as set forth below: 

October 31, 2022 
 
 Customer list and relationships, net 
 215,250 
 
 Trademarks and tradenames 
 327,000 

542,250 

Goodwill
and the trademarks which are deemed to have indefinite lives are subject to annual impairment tests. Goodwill impairment tests require
the comparison of the fair value and carrying value of reporting units. We assess the potential impairment of goodwill and indefinite
lived intangible assets annually and on an interim basis whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value
may not be recoverable. Upon completion of such review, if impairment is found to have occurred, a corresponding charge will be recorded.
The value assigned to the customer list and relationships is being amortized over a twenty year period and a recoverability test is performed
whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value may not be recoverable. 

Because
the Company is a single reporting unit, the company used a hybrid approach to determine the fair market value of the Company, which included
an income approach to conduct the annual impairment assessment. Goodwill and the indefinite lived intangible assets are tested annually
at the end of each fiscal year to determine whether they have been impaired. Upon completion of each annual review, there can be no assurance
that a material charge will not be recorded. Impairment testing is required more often than annually if an event or circumstance indicates
that an impairment or decline in value may have occurred. 

For
the year ending October 31, 2022, an impairment charge of 2,488,785 was recorded as the market capitalization was substantially lower
than the carrying amount of the Company. For the year ending October 31, 2022, we also took an 81,000 impairment charge for trademark,
and a 199,767 impairment charge for customer lists and non-compete. For the year ended October 31, 2021, no impairment charges were
recorded to the carrying value of goodwill and the reporting unit has a fair value in excess of its carrying value by approximately 4 
as of October 31, 2021. For the year ended October 31, 2021, we recorded impairment on two of our trademarks totaling 1,080,000 as the
carrying amount of these trademarks exceeded the respective fair values on the test date which were determined using a relief from royalty
method. 

26 

Year
Ended October 31, 2022 (Fiscal Year 2022) Compared to the Year Ended October 31, 2021 (Fiscal Year 2021) 

Net Sales. Net sales
totaled 65,706,879 for the fiscal year ended October 31, 2022, an increase of 1,784,477, or 3 , from 63,922,402 for the fiscal year
ended October 31, 2021. The increase in net sales was due to an increase of sales to our legacy customers along with incremental sales
to several significant new customers during the second half of the year. 

Cost of Sales. Cost
of sales for the fiscal year ended October 31, 2022 was 54,692,933, or 83 of net sales, as compared to 47,901,126, or 75 of net sales,
for the fiscal year ended October 31, 2021. Cost of sales consists primarily of the cost of green coffee and packaging materials and realized
and unrealized gains or losses on hedging activity. For the fiscal year ended October 31, 2022, the net result of our hedging activities
resulted in a loss of approximately 100,000, and for the fiscal year ended October 31, 2021, the net result of our hedging activities
resulted in a gain of approximately 1.8 million. The increase in cost of sales was due to increased prices of green coffee, freight,
salaries and packaging materials and the balance of our losses from our Generations/Steep N Brew subsidiary, which included obsolete inventory
write-off of approximately 718,000. 

Gross
Profit. Gross profit for the fiscal year ended October 31, 2022 was 11,013,946, a decrease of 5,007,330 from 16,021,276 for
the fiscal year ended October 31, 2021. Gross profit as a percentage of net sales decreased to 17 for the fiscal year ended October
31, 2022 from 25 for the fiscal year ended October 31, 2021. The decrease in gross profit percentage was attributable to higher raw
material costs and the impact of losses from our Generations/Steep N Brew subsidiary. 

Operating Expenses. 
Total operating expenses increased by 1,776,725 to 16,352,846 for the fiscal year ended October 31, 2022 from 14,576,121 for the fiscal
year ended October 31, 2021. Selling and administrative expenses increased 105,704, to 12,989,032 for the fiscal year ended October
31, 2022 from 12,883,328 for the fiscal year ended October 31, 2021. The recording of 2,769,552 of goodwill and other intangible impairment
during fiscal year ended October 31, 2022 increased by 1,689,552 as compared to 1,080,000 of trademark impairment during the fiscal
year ended October 31, 2021. We also had increases in professional fees due to the Delta deal. Officers salary decreased by 18,531
or 3 to 594,262 for the fiscal year ended October 31, 2022 from 612,793 for the fiscal year ended October 31, 2021. 

Other
Income (Expense). Other expense for the fiscal year ended October 31, 2022 was 258,750, an increase of 21,452 from other expense
of 237,298 for the fiscal year ended October 31, 2021. The increase in other expense was attributable to an increase in interest expense
of 139,248, partially offset by an increase in interest income of 6,436 and a decrease in our loss from equity investment of 111,360,
during the fiscal year ended October 31, 2022. 

Income
(Loss) Before Provision For Income Taxes And Non-Controlling Interest In Subsidiary. We had a loss of 5,597,650 before income
taxes and non-controlling interest in subsidiary for the fiscal year ended October 31, 2022 compared to income of 1,207,857 for the
fiscal year ended October 31, 2021, resulting in a net change of 6,805,507 for the year ended October 31, 2022. 

Income
Taxes . Our benefit for income taxes for the fiscal year ended October 31, 2022 totaled 995,793 compared to a provision of 340,180
for the fiscal year ended October 31, 2021. The change was attributable to the difference in the income for the year ended October 31,
2022 versus fiscal year ended October 31, 2021. 

Net
Income (Loss) . We had a net loss of 3,744,785 or 0.66 per share basic and diluted, for the fiscal year ended October 31, 2022
compared to net income of 1,255,354, or 0.22 per share basic and diluted for the fiscal year ended October 31, 2021. The decrease in
net income was due to our results as described above. 

27 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

As of October 31, 2022, we had working capital of 25,262,224, which represented
a 1,477,939 increase from our working capital of 23,784,285 as of October 31, 2021. Our working capital increased primarily due to increases
of 3,290,348 in inventory, 790,203 in prepaid and refundable taxes, 93,892 in due from broker, decreases of 1,232,776 in accounts
payable and accrued expenses, 416,449 in income taxes payable and 119,666 in lease liability current portion, partially offset
by decreases of 1,056,550 in cash, 1,483,505 in accounts receivable, 110,098 in prepaid expenses and other current assets and an increase
of 815,242 in due to broker and an increase in cash overdraft of 876,148. As of October 31, 2022, the outstanding balance on our line
of credit was 8,314,000 compared to 3,800,850 as of October 31, 2021. 

On
April 25, 2017, we and OPTCO (collectively, the Borrowers entered into an Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement
(the A R Loan Agreement and Amended and Restated Loan Facility (the A R Loan Facility with Sterling
National Bank Sterling , now Webster Bank, Webster Bank )), which consolidated (i) the financing agreement
between us and Sterling, dated February 17, 2009, as modified, (the Company Financing Agreement and (ii) the financing
agreement between us, as guarantor, OPTCO and Sterling, dated March 10, 2015 (the OPTCO Financing Agreement ), amongst other
things. 

On
March 13, 2020, we reached an agreement for a new loan modification agreement and credit facility with Sterling. The terms of the new
agreement among other things: (i) provides for a new maturity date of March 31, 2022 and (ii) decreases the interest rate per annum to
LIBOR plus 1.75 (with such interest rate not to be lower than 3.50 ). On June 28, 2022, we reached an agreement for a new loan modification
agreement and credit facility with Webster Bank. The terms of the new agreement, among other things: (i) provided for a new maturity
date of June 30, 2024, and (ii) changed the interest rate per annum to SOFR plus 1.75 (with such interest rate not to be lower than
3.50 ). All other terms of the A R Loan Agreement and A R Loan Facility remain the same. 

Each
of the A R Loan Facility and the A R Loan Agreement is secured by all of our tangible and intangible assets. Other than as amended
and restated by the A R Loan Agreement, the Company Financing Agreement and the OPTCO Financing Agreement remain in full force and
effect. 

Each
of the A R Loan Facility and A R Loan Agreement contain covenants, subject to certain exceptions, that place annual restrictions
on the Borrowers operations, including covenants relating to debt restrictions, capital expenditures, indebtedness, minimum deposit
restrictions, tangible net worth, net profit, leverage, employee loan restrictions, dividend and repurchase restrictions (common stock
and preferred stock), and restrictions on intercompany transactions. 

On
March 17, 2022, the Company reached an agreement for a new loan modification agreement and credit facility which extended the maturity
date to June 29, 2022. All other terms of the A R Loan Agreement and A R Loan Facility remained the same. 

On
June 28, 2022, the Company reached an agreement for a new loan modification agreement and credit facility with Webster Bank. The terms
of the new agreement, among other things: (i) provided for a new maturity date of June 30, 2024, and (ii) changed the interest rate per
annum to SOFR plus 1.75 (with such interest rate not to be lower than 3.50 ). All other terms of the A R Loan Agreement and A R
Loan Facility remained the same. 

The
Company was not in compliance with the net profit and non-affiliate borrower covenants as of October 31, 2022. The Company requested
a waiver from the Lender and the waiver was granted and received on March 15, 2023. The Lender also extended the due date of the October
31, 2022 financial statements until April 15, 2023. The loan agreement was also modified on March 15, 2023. The amendment, among other
things: (i) requires for subordination agreements to be executed with the Lender prior to the issuance of any subordinate debt of the
Company, if necessary, (ii) allows for transactions with Affiliates (as defined in the Loan Agreement) in the ordinary course of business,
(iii) establishes a new debt to tangible net worth ratio covenant, and (iv) establishes a fixed charge coverage ratio covenant. 

28 

For the fiscal year ended October
31, 2022, our operating activities used net cash of 5,437,508 as compared to the fiscal year ended October 31, 2021 when operating activities
provided net cash of 4,709,519. The decreased cash flow from operations for the fiscal year ended October 31, 2022 was primarily due
to our net loss, and the increase in our inventory. 

For
the fiscal year ended October 31, 2022, our investing activities used net cash of 1,059,205 as compared to the fiscal year ended October
31, 2021 when net cash used by investing activities was 3,887,317. The decrease in our uses of cash in investing activities was due
to our decreased outlays for purchases of machinery and equipment and our other investment during the fiscal year ended October 31, 2022. 

For
the fiscal year ended October 31, 2022, our financing activities provided net cash of 5,316,311 compared to net cash used in financing
activities of 1,047 for the fiscal year ended October 31, 2021. The change in cash flow from financing activities for the fiscal year
ended October 31, 2022 was due to our decreased principal reductions on our line of credit. 

We
expect to fund our operations, including paying our liabilities, funding capital expenditures and making required payments on our indebtedness,
through October 31, 2023 with cash provided by operating activities and the use of our credit facility. In addition, an increase in eligible
accounts receivable and inventory would permit us to make additional borrowings under our line of credit. 

We
believe that if the Merger with Delta closes, the A R Loan Agreement and A R Loan Facility with Webster Bank will continue in
the ordinary course. 

ITEM
 7A. 
 QUANTITATIVE
 AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

Not
applicable. 

ITEM
 8. 
 FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

See
pages F-1 through F-23 following the Exhibit Index of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

ITEM
 9. 
 CHANGES
 IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

None. 

29 

ITEM
 9A. 
 CONTROLS
 AND PROCEDURES 

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures. Management, which includes our President, Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial
Officer, has evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act )) as of the end of the period covered by this
report. Based upon that evaluation, our President, Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that the disclosure
controls and procedures were not effective. We believe the financial information presented herein is materially correct and fairly
presents the financial position and operating results of the fiscal year ended October 31, 2022 in accordance with U.S.
GAAP. 

Management
Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting . Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate
internal control over our financial reporting. Internal control over financial reporting is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)
promulgated under the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934 as a process designed by, or under the supervision of, our executive management
and effected by our board of directors, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparations
of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with U.S. GAAP. Based on this assessment, our management has determined that
our internal control over financial reporting was not effective as of October 31, 2022 and the periods covered under this Annual Report
on Form 10-K due to the material weaknesses described below. A material weakness is a control deficiency or combination of deficiencies
in internal control, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the entity s financial statements
will not be prevented or detected and corrected on a timely basis. 

During
the year ended October 31, 2020, our controls were inadequate to prevent and detect misstatements of stock based compensation awards
and quantities of inventory at one of our subsidiaries. Accordingly, management has determined that this control deficiency constituted
a material weakness. 

During
the year ended October 31, 2021, we identified inappropriate system access controls over the financial reporting system. These controls
were not designed to prevent or detect unauthorized changes to source information, or implement an appropriate level of segregation of
duties. Accordingly, management has determined that this control deficiency constituted
a material weakness. 

Further,
during the year ended October 31, 2021, we determined that we lacked adequate controls with respect to identifying and accounting for
material contracts. This was evidenced by our failure to properly identify and account for a material lease amendment. Accordingly, management
has determined that this was a control deficiency that constituted a material weakness. 

Further,
during the year ended October 31, 2021, we determined that we lacked adequate controls with respect to physical custody of certain hardware,
electronic and hard copy records of Generations Coffee and its component operation known as Steep and Brew following the Company relocation
or vacating of certain premises used in the operations of that business unit. Accordingly, management has determined that this is a control
deficiency that constituted a material weakness. 

Additionally,
on January 24, 2023, we concluded, after discussion with management, that our financial statements inaccurately accounted for certain
intercompany eliminations in our consolidated statements of operations for the fiscal year ended October 31, 2020. As a result, we determined
that there was an overstatement of net sales and cost of sales in the consolidated statement of operations of approximately 8.3 million
in our financial statements during the fiscal year ended October 31, 2020 which required a restatement of the previously issued financial
statements for the fiscal year ended October 31, 2020. This was due to inadequate design and implementation of controls to evaluate and
monitor the presentation and compliance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America related to the
statement of operations. Accordingly, management has determined that this control deficiency constituted a material weakness. 

Further, during the year ended October 31, 2022, we concluded that we lacked
adequate controls with respect to the preparation and review of journal entries and account reconciliations during the
year-end financial statement closing process. Accordingly, management has determined that this control deficiency constituted a material
weakness. 

Notwithstanding
these material weaknesses, management has concluded that our audited financial statements included in the fiscal year 2022 form 10-K
are fairly stated in all material respects in accordance with GAAP for each of the periods. 

Remediation
Plan for the Material Weakness 

To
remediate the material weaknesses identified above, we are initiating controls and procedures in order to: 

educating
 control owners concerning the principles and requirements of each control, with a focus on those related to user access to our financial
 reporting systems impacting financial reporting; 

developing
 and maintaining documentation to promote knowledge transfer upon personnel and function changes; 

developing
 enhanced controls and reviews related to our financial reporting systems; 

performing
 an in-depth analysis of who should have access to perform key functions within our financial reporting system that impact financial
 reporting and redesigning aspects of the system to better allow the access rights to be implemented; 

cross
 referencing analysis to be completed on a quarterly basis; and 

Implementing
 additional levels of internal review of financial statements and any adjustments made thereto. 

The
material weaknesses identified above will not be considered remediated until our remediation efforts have been fully implemented and
we have concluded that these controls are operating effectively. 

Management
does not expect that our internal control over financial reporting will prevent or detect all errors and all fraud. A control system,
no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control systems
are met. Further, the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits of controls
must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in a cost-effective control system, no evaluation of
internal control over financial reporting can provide absolute assurance that misstatements due to error or fraud will not occur or that
all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, have been or will be detected. 

Changes
in Control Over Financial Reporting. Based on the evaluation of our management we believe that there were no changes in our internal
control over financial reporting that occurred during the quarter ended October 31, 2022 that have materially affected, or are reasonably
likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

Attestation
Report of the Registered Public Accounting Firm . This annual report does not include an attestation report of our registered
public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. Management s report was not subject to attestation
by our registered public accounting firm pursuant to the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Protection Act that permits us to provide only management s
report in this annual report. 

ITEM
 9B. 
 OTHER
 INFORMATION 

None. 

ITEM
 9C. 
 DISCLOSURES
 REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 

None. 

30 

PART
III 

ITEM
 10. 
 DIRECTORS,
 EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

Information
About our Board of Directors and Management 

Name 
 
 Age (1) 
 
 Term
 
 Expires 
 
 Position(s)
 Held With Coffee Holding 
 
 Director
 
 Since 
 
 Andrew
 Gordon 
 
 61 
 
 2024 
 
 President,
 Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Director 
 
 1997 
 
 Daniel
 Dwyer 
 
 66 
 
 2024 
 
 Director 
 
 1998 
 
 Barry
 Knepper 
 
 73 
 
 2024 
 
 Director 
 
 2005 
 
 Gerard
 DeCapua 
 
 62 
 
 2025 
 
 Director 
 
 1997 
 
 George
 F. Thomas 
 
 74 
 
 2025 
 
 Director 
 
 2016 
 
 David
 Gordon 
 
 58 
 
 2023 
 
 Executive
 Vice President Operations, Secretary and Director 
 
 1995 
 
 John
 Rotelli 
 
 65 
 
 2023 
 
 Director 
 
 2005 

(1)
As of March 23, 2023 

The
principal occupation and business experience of each director are set forth below. Unless otherwise indicated, each of the following
persons has held his present position for at least the last five years. 

Andrew
Gordon has been the Chief Executive Officer, President, Treasurer and a director of Coffee Holding since 1997 and its Chief Financial
Officer since November 2004. He is responsible for managing Coffee Holding s overall business and has worked for Coffee Holding
for over 36 years, previously as a Vice President from 1993 to 1997. Mr. Gordon has worked in all capacities of Coffee Holding s
business and serves as the direct contact with its major private label accounts. Mr. Gordon received his Bachelor of Business Administration
degree from Emory University. He is the brother of David Gordon. Through his experience as President and Chief Executive Officer of the
Company, as well as his over 35 years of service with the Company, Mr. Gordon has demonstrated the requisite qualifications and skills
necessary to serve as an effective director. We believe Mr. Gordon s extensive experience with, and institutional knowledge of,
Coffee Holding and the industry is an integral contribution to Coffee Holding s current successes and its ability to grow and flourish
in the industry. 

Daniel
Dwyer has served as a director of Coffee Holding since 1998. Mr. Dwyer was the Chief Executive Officer at Rothfos Corporation
until 2022, a green coffee bean supplier, and prior to that, had been a senior coffee trader at Rothfos, since 1995. Mr. Dwyer was responsible
for our account with Rothfos. We paid Rothfos approximately 3.5 million for green coffee purchases in fiscal 2021. All purchases were
made on arms length terms. We believe that Mr. Dwyer s experience with the coffee industry will enable him to provide the
Board with beneficial insight for Coffee Holding s business development and strategy. Mr. Dwyer serves on the board of directors
of the National Coffee Association. 

Barry
Knepper has served as a director of Coffee Holding since 2005. From July 2004 to the present, Mr. Knepper has been the President
and Chief Executive Officer of CFO Business Solutions, a management consulting firm. Mr. Knepper was the Chief Financial Officer for
TruFoods Corporation, a growth oriented franchise management company from April 2001 through June 2004. From January 2000 through March
2001, he was the Chief Financial Officer of Offline Entertainment, an early stage television and motion picture production company. From
1982 through 1999, he served as the Chief Financial Officer of Unitel Video, Inc., a formerly publicly-traded nationwide high tech service
company in the television, film and new media fields. We believe that Mr. Knepper s diversified financial, accounting and business
expertise provide him with the qualifications and skills to serve as a director. 

Gerard
DeCapua has served as a director of Coffee Holding since 1997. Mr. DeCapua has had his own law practice in Rockville Centre,
New York since 1986. Mr. DeCapua received his law degree from Pace University. We believe that Mr. DeCapua s legal experience brings
significant knowledge regarding the legal issues Coffee Holding faces and provide him with the skills and qualifications to serve as
a director. 

George
F. Thomas has served as a director of Coffee Holding since February 2016. Mr. Thomas has over 38 years of domestic and international
corporate business experience in top management positions. Since February 2007, Mr. Thomas has served as a Principal at Radix Consulting
Corporation, a consulting firm which provides specialized advice in the field of electronic payments. From 1981 through 2007, Mr. Thomas
served in a number of positions at The Clearing House Payments Company L.L.C., a limited liability company which operates electronic
payment systems, including such positions as Executive Vice President of the Payments Services Division, President of the Electronic
Payments Network, Senior Vice President of Business Development and Information Technology and Vice President of Technical Services and
Systems Development. Since 2007, Mr. Thomas has served as a director of eGistics, Inc., a provider of cloud-based document and data management
solutions which was acquired by Top Image Systems, Ltd. in 2014. We believe that Mr. Thomas financial and business experience
provide him with the qualifications and skills to serve as a director. 

David
Gordon has been the Executive Vice President Operations, Secretary and a director of Coffee Holding since 1995. He is
responsible for managing all aspects of Coffee Holding s roasting and blending operations, including quality control, and has worked
for Coffee Holding for 39 years, previously as an Operating Manager from 1989 to 1995. He is a charter member of the Specialty Coffee
Association of America, or SCAA. Mr. Gordon attended Baruch College in New York City. He is the brother of Andrew Gordon. Through his
38 years of service with the Company, Mr. Gordon has demonstrated the requisite qualifications and skills necessary to serve as an effective
director. We believe Mr. Gordon s extensive institutional knowledge and leadership are invaluable to Coffee Holding s current
and future successes. Mr. Gordon s leadership, as demonstrated by the launch of the Specialty Green segment of the business as
well as the founding of the SCAA, is a valuable resource for Coffee Holding s business development and future strategy. 

John
Rotelli has served as a director of Coffee Holding since 2005. Mr. Rotelli has over 40 years of experience in the green coffee
industry business consisting of procurement from growing countries, every aspect of traffic and warehousing, quality analysis, and knowledge
of both suppliers and competitors. Mr. Rotelli is currently the Vice President of L.J. Cooper Company, one of the largest green coffee
brokers and agents in North America. He is also a director of the Green Coffee Association. Mr. Rotelli s industry and business
experience provides the Board with valuable expertise within the coffee industry as well as beneficial relationships that can help form
new beneficial relationships for Coffee Holding. 

Family
Relationships 

David
Gordon and David Gordon are brothers. Other than Messrs. Gordon, there are no family relationships among any of the directors or executive
officers. 

31 

Corporate
Governance 

The
Board oversees our business and monitors the performance of our management. In accordance with our corporate governance procedures, the
Board does not involve itself in the day-to-day operations of Coffee Holding. Our executive officers and management oversee our day-to-day
operations. Our directors fulfill their duties and responsibilities by attending meetings of the Board, which are usually held on a quarterly
basis. Our directors also discuss business and other matters with other key executives and our principal external advisers (legal counsel,
auditors, financial advisors and other consultants). 

The
Board held six meeting during the fiscal year ended October 31, 2022 and acted by written consent on one occasion. Each director serving
during the fiscal year ended October 31, 2022 attended at least 75 percent of the meetings of the Board, plus meetings of committees
on which that particular director served during the fiscal year ended October 31, 2022. 

Coffee
Holding is committed to establishing and maintaining high standards of corporate governance. Our executive officers and the Board have
worked together to construct a comprehensive set of corporate governance initiatives that we believe will serve the long-term interests
of our stockholders and employees. We believe these initiatives comply fully with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and the rules and regulations
of the SEC adopted thereunder. In addition, we believe our corporate governance initiatives fully comply with the rules of the Nasdaq
Stock Market LLC Nasdaq ). The Board will continue to evaluate, and improve upon as appropriate, our corporate governance
principles and policies. 

Board
Leadership Structure and Role in Risk Oversight 

Andrew
Gordon serves as both our principal executive officer and chairman at the pleasure of the Board. The directors have determined that Mr.
Gordon s experience in our industry and in corporate transactions, and his personal commitment to Coffee Holding as an investor
and employee, make him uniquely qualified to supervise our operations and to execute our business strategies. The Board is also cognizant
of Coffee Holding s relatively small size compared to its publicly traded competitors. We do not have a lead independent director.
Management s activities are monitored by standing committees of the Board, principally the Audit Committee, the Compensation Committee
and the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee. Each of these committees is comprised solely of independent directors. For these
reasons, the Board deems this leadership structure appropriate for us. 

Code
of Ethics 

The
Board has adopted a Code of Conduct and Ethics that applies to each of our directors, officers and employees. The Code of Conduct and
Ethics sets forth our policies and expectations on a number of topics, including: 

Acceptance
 of gifts; 

Financial
 responsibility regarding both personal and business affairs, including transactions with Coffee Holding; 

Personal
 conduct, including ethical behavior and outside employment and other activities; 

Affiliated
 transactions, including separate identities and usurpation of corporate opportunities; 

Preservation
 and accuracy of Coffee Holding s records; 

Compliance
 with laws, including insider trading compliance; 

Preservation
 of confidential information relating to our business and that of our clients; 

Conflicts
 of interest; 

The
 safeguarding and proper use of our assets and institutional property; 

Code
 administration and enforcement; 

Reporting,
 investigating and resolving of all code violations; and 

Code-related
 training, certification of compliance and maintenance of code-related records. 

32 

The
Audit Committee of our Board reviews the Code of Conduct and Ethics on a regular basis, and will propose or adopt additions or amendments
to the Code of Conduct and Ethics as appropriate. The Code of Conduct and Ethics is available on our website at www.coffeeholding.com
 under Investor Relations - Corporate Governance. A copy of the Code of Conduct and Ethics may also be obtained free
of charge by sending a written request to: 

David
Gordon, Secretary 

 Coffee
Holding Co., Inc. 

 3475
Victory Boulevard 

 Staten
Island, NY 10314 

We
intend to satisfy the disclosure requirement under Section 5.05(c) of Form 8-K regarding an amendment to, or waiver from, a provision
of our Code of Ethics by posting such information on our website. 

Independent
Directors 

Our
Board currently consists of seven directors, four of whom our Board has determined are independent directors. The standards relied on
by the Board in affirmatively determining whether a director is independent, in compliance with Nasdaq s rules, are
comprised of those objective standards set forth in the rules promulgated by Nasdaq. The Board is responsible for ensuring that independent
directors do not have a relationship that, in the opinion of the Board, would interfere with the exercise of independent judgment in
carrying out the responsibilities of a director. 

The
Board has determined that Gerard DeCapua, Barry Knepper, John Rotelli and George F. Thomas, comprising a majority of the Board, are independent 
directors under Nasdaq s rules. 

Nasdaq s
rules, as well as SEC rules, impose additional independence requirements for all members of the Audit Committee. Specifically, in addition
to the independence requirements discussed above, independent audit committee members must: (1) not accept,
directly or indirectly, any consulting, advisory, or other compensatory fees from Coffee Holding or any subsidiary of Coffee Holding
other than in the member s capacity as a member of the Board and any Board committee; (2) not be an affiliated person of Coffee
Holding or any subsidiary of Coffee Holding; and (3) not have participated in the preparation of the financial statements of Coffee Holding
or any current subsidiary of Coffee Holding at any time during the past three years. In addition, Nasdaq s rules require that all
audit committee members be able to read and understand fundamental financial statements, including Coffee Holding s balance sheet,
income statement, and cash flow statement. The Board believes that the current members of the Audit Committee meet these additional standards. 

Furthermore,
at least one member of the Audit Committee must be financially sophisticated, in that he or she has past employment experience in finance
or accounting, requisite professional certification in accounting, or any other comparable experience or background which results in
the individual s financial sophistication, including but not limited to being or having been a chief executive officer, chief financial
officer, other senior officer with financial oversight responsibilities. Additionally, the SEC requires that Coffee Holding disclose
whether the Audit Committee has, and will continue to have, at least one member who is a financial expert. The Board has
determined that Barry Knepper meets the SEC s definition of an audit committee financial expert. 

Committees
of the Board 

The
Board of Coffee Holding has established the following committees: 

Audit
Committee. The Audit Committee oversees and monitors our financial reporting process and internal control system, reviews and
evaluates the audit performed by our registered independent public accountants and reports to the Board any substantive issues found
during the audit. The Audit Committee is directly responsible for the appointment, compensation and oversight of the work of our registered
independent public accountants. The Audit Committee reviews and approves all transactions with affiliated parties. The Board has adopted
a written charter for the Audit Committee, which is available on our website at www.coffeeholding.com under Investor Relations
- Corporate Governance. All members of the Audit Committee are independent directors as defined under Nasdaq s listing standards.
Gerard DeCapua, Barry Knepper and George F. Thomas serve as members of the Audit Committee with Barry Knepper serving as its chairman.
The Board has determined that Barry Knepper qualifies as an audit committee financial expert as that term is defined by SEC regulations.
The Audit Committee held six meetings during the fiscal year ended October 31, 2022, and acted by written consent on two occasions. 

33 

Compensation
Committee. The Compensation Committee provides advice and makes recommendations to the Board in the areas of employee salaries,
benefit programs and director compensation. The Compensation Committee also reviews the compensation of the President and Chief Executive
Officer of Coffee Holding and makes recommendations in that regard to the Board as a whole. The Board has adopted a written charter for
the Compensation Committee, which is available on our website at www.coffeeholding.com under Investor Relations - Corporate
Governance. All members of the Compensation Committee are independent directors as defined under Nasdaq s listing standards.
Barry Knepper, John Rotelli and George F. Thomas serve as members of the Compensation Committee, with John Rotelli serving as its chairman.
The Compensation Committee acted by written consent once during the fiscal year ended October 31, 2022. 

Nominating
and Corporate Governance Committee. The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee nominates individuals to be elected to
the full Board by our stockholders. The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee considers recommendations from stockholders if
submitted in a timely manner in accordance with the procedures set forth in Article II, Section 11 of our Bylaws and applies the same
criteria to all persons being considered. All members of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee are independent directors
as defined under the Nasdaq listing standards. Gerard DeCapua, John Rotelli and George F. Thomas serve as members of the Nominating and
Corporate Governance Committee, with Gerard DeCapua serving as its chairman. The Board has adopted a written charter for the Nominating
and Corporate Governance Committee, which is available on our website at www.coffeeholding.com under Investor Relations
- Corporate Governance. The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee acted by written consent once during the fiscal year
ended October 31, 2022. 

There
are no minimum qualifications that must be met by a Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee-recommended nominee. It is the policy
of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee to recommend individuals as director nominees who have the highest personal and
professional integrity, who have demonstrated exceptional ability and judgment and who will be most effective, in conjunction with the
other members of the Board, in collectively serving the long-term interests of our stockholders. 

Stockholder
Communication with the Board of Directors and Attendance at Annual Meetings 

The
Board maintains a process for stockholders to communicate with the Board and its committees. Stockholders of Coffee Holding and other
interested persons may communicate with the Board or the chairperson of the Audit Committee, Compensation Committee or Nominating and
Corporate Governance Committee by writing to the Secretary of Coffee Holding at 3475 Victory Boulevard, Staten Island, NY 10314. All
communications that relate to matters that are within the scope of the responsibilities of the Board will be presented to the Board no
later than the next regularly scheduled meeting. Communications that relate to matters that are within the responsibility of one of the
Board committees will be forwarded to the chairperson of the appropriate committee. Communications that relate to ordinary business matters
that are not within the scope of the Board s responsibilities, such as customer complaints, will be forwarded to the appropriate
officer. Solicitations, junk mail and obviously frivolous or inappropriate communications will not be forwarded, but will be made available
to any director who wishes to review them. 

Directors
are expected to prepare themselves for and attend all Board meetings, the Annual Meeting of Stockholders and the meetings of the committees
on which they serve, with the understanding that, on occasion, a director may be unable to attend a meeting. All of our directors who
served as directors during the 2022 fiscal year attended the 2022 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. 

ITEM
 11. 
 EXECUTIVE
 COMPENSATION 

The
summary compensation table below summarizes information concerning compensation for the fiscal years ended October 31, 2022 and 2021
of the individuals who served as President, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer (Andrew Gordon) and Executive
Vice President Operations and Secretary (David Gordon). We refer to these individuals as the Named Executive Officers. 

34 

SUMMARY
COMPENSATION TABLE 

The
following table sets forth information with respect to the compensation of our Named Executive Officers for services in all capacities
to us and our subsidiaries. 

Name and Principal Position 
 Year 
 Salary (1) ) 
 Bonus ) 
 Stock Option Awards ) (2) 
 Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation ) 
 Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Earnings (3) ) 
 All Other Compensation (4) ) 
 Total ) 
 
 Andrew Gordon, 
 2022 
 323,863 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 59,371 
 383,234 
 
 President, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer 
 2021 
 338,065 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 42,430 
 380,495 

David Gordon, Executive Vice President 
 2022 
 270,400 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 84,218 
 354,618 
 
 Operations and Secretary 
 2021 
 274,728 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 71,301 
 346,029 

(1) 
 The
 figures shown represent amounts earned for the fiscal year, whether or not actually paid during such year. 

(2) 
 Stock
 option awards represent the grant date fair value of the awards pursuant to FASB ASC Topic 718, as described in Note 12 Stockholders 
 Equity in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended October
 31, 2022. 

(3) 
 Includes
 the amount of interest accrued on defined contribution deferred compensation balances at a rate in excess of 120 of the applicable
 federal mid-term rate under section 1274(d) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the Code and dividends or dividend
 equivalents on balances denominated in Coffee Holding common stock in excess of the dividends paid to stockholders generally during
 the fiscal year. 

(4) 
 The
 Named Executive Officers participate in certain group life, health, disability insurance and medical reimbursement plans, not disclosed
 in the Summary Compensation Table, that are generally available to salaried employees and do not discriminate in scope, terms and
 operation. The figures shown for Andrew Gordon include 10,641 and 10,603 in employer contributions to the 401(k) plan for 2022
 and 2021, respectively; life insurance premiums of 0 and 816 for 2022 and 2021, respectively, business car expenses of 24,460
 and 9,126 for 2022 and 2021, respectively, and health insurance premiums of 24,270 and 21,885 for 2022 and 2021, respectively.
 The figures shown for David Gordon include 12,655 and 7,368 for a business car expenses in 2022 and 2021, respectively; 7,760
 and 7,676 in employer contributions to the 401(k) plan for 2022 and 2021, respectively, life insurance premiums of 3,000 and 3,000
 for 2022 and 2021, respectively, and health insurance premiums of 60,803 and 53,257 for 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Narrative
to Summary Compensation Table 

Overview 

Our
Compensation Committee has responsibility for establishing, implementing and monitoring adherence with our compensation philosophy. In
that regard, the Compensation Committee provides advice and makes recommendations to the JVA Board in the areas of employee salaries
and benefit programs. The Compensation Committee ensures that the total compensation paid to our executive leadership team is fair and
reasonable. Generally, the types of compensation and benefits provided to members of the executive leadership team, including the Named
Executive Officers, are similar to those provided to our other officers and employees. 

35 

Compensation
Components 

Our
compensation program for Named Executive Officers consists generally of base salary and annual bonuses. These elements are intended to
provide an overall compensation package that is commensurate with our financial resources, that is appropriate to assure the retention
of experienced management personnel, and that aligns their financial interests with those of our stockholders. We pay our Named Executive
Officers commensurate with their experience and responsibilities. 

Base
Salary. Each of our Named Executive Officers receives a base salary to compensate him for services performed during the year.
The base salaries of our Named Executive Officers are established annually by the JVA Board upon recommendation by the Compensation Committee.
When determining the base salary for each of our Named Executive Officers, the Compensation Committee considers the performance of the
Named Executive Officer, the duties of the Named Executive Officer, the experience of the Named Executive Officer in his position and
salary levels of the companies in our peer group. Salary levels are also intended to reflect our financial performance. We have entered
into employment agreements with each of the Named Executive Officers that provide for minimum annual base salaries. The Named Executive
Officers are eligible for annual increases in their base salaries as a result of company performance, individual performance and any
added responsibility since their last salary increase. 

Annual
Bonus. Our Named Executive Officers are eligible to receive annual cash bonuses. These bonuses are intended to reward the achievement
of corporate goals and individual performance objectives. The bonus levels are intended to be competitive with those typically paid by
the companies in our peer group and commensurate with the Named Executive Officers successful execution of duties and responsibilities. 

Equity
Compensation. At the 2013 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, our stockholders approved the 2013 Equity Compensation Plan. Through
the 2013 Equity Compensation Plan, we provide our employees, including our Named Executive Officers, with equity incentives that help
align their interests with those of our stockholders by tying the value delivered to our Named Executive Officers to the value of our
shares of common stock. We also believe that stock option grants to our Named Executive Officers provide them with long-term incentives
that will aid in retaining executive talent by providing opportunities to be compensated through the Company s performance and
rewarding executives for creating shareholder value over the long-term. 

During
the years ended October 31, 2022, and October 31, 2021 we did not grant any stock option awards to the Named Executive Officers. During
the year ended October 31, 2019, we granted stock option awards to the Named Executive Officers to purchase an aggregate of 630,000 shares
of common stock at an exercise price of 5.43 per share. The stock options are fully vested. 

Implementation
for Fiscal Year 2022 

For
the 2022 fiscal year, Andrew Gordon received a base salary of 323,863 and did not receive an annual bonus. David Gordon received a base
salary of 270,400 and did not receive an annual bonus. 

As
stated above, on April 18, 2019, Andrew Gordon was granted a stock option to purchase 349,000 shares of common stock, and David Gordon
was granted a stock option to purchase 281,000 shares of common stock. The stock options have an exercise price of 5.43 and are completely
vested. 

Compensation
Decision-Making Policies and Procedures 

Decision-Making
and Policy-Making. As a Nasdaq listed company, we must observe governance standards that require executive officer compensation
decisions to be made by the independent director members of our Board or by a committee of independent directors. Consistent with these
requirements, our Board has established a Compensation Committee all of whose members are independent directors. 

The
Compensation Committee provides advice and makes recommendations to our Board in the areas of employee salaries and benefit programs.
Compensation may consist of three components: (1) base salary; (2) bonuses; and (3) long-term incentives e.g., deferred compensation
and fringe benefits). 

The
Compensation Committee generally meets at least once each year or acts by written consent. It considers the expectations of the Chief
Executive Officer with respect to his own compensation and his recommendations with respect to the compensation of more junior executive
officers, as well as empirical data on compensation practices at peer group companies. The Compensation Committee does not delegate its
duties to others. 

36 

Employment
Agreements 

We
have entered into employment agreements with Andrew Gordon to secure his continued service as President, Chief Executive Officer, Chief
Financial Officer and Treasurer and with David Gordon to secure his continued service as Executive Vice President Operations
and Secretary. These employment agreements have rolling five-year terms that began on May 6, 2005. These agreements may be converted
to a fixed five-year term by the decision of our Board or the executive. These agreements provide for minimum annual salaries, discretionary
cash bonuses, and participation on generally applicable terms and conditions in other compensation and fringe benefit plans. The employment
agreements also guarantee customary corporate indemnification and errors and omissions insurance coverage throughout the employment term
and thereafter for so long as the executives are subject to liability for such service to the extent permissible by the Nevada Revised
Statutes. 

The
terms of the employment agreements provide that each executive will be entitled to severance benefits if his employment is terminated
without cause or if he resigns for good reason or following a change in control (as such terms
will be defined in the employment agreements) equal to the value of the cash compensation and fringe benefits that he would have received
if he had continued working for the remaining unexpired term of the agreement. The employment agreements also provide uninsured disability
benefits. During the term of the employment agreements and, in case of discharge with cause or resignation without good
reason, for a period of one year thereafter, the executives are subject to (1) restrictions on competition with us; and (2) restrictions
on the solicitation of our customers and employees. For all periods during and after the term of the employment agreements, the executives
are subject to nondisclosure and restrictions relating to our confidential information and trade secrets. 

The
employment agreements provide that in the event either executive terminates employment in connection with a change in control under circumstances
entitling him to severance benefits, and it is determined that the executive would be subject to a 20 excise tax imposed by Section
4999 of the Code which applies to certain excess parachute payments (the Excise Tax ), we will pay the executive
a Tax Indemnity Payment such that the net amount received by the executive after payment of such Excise Tax, and any federal,
Medicare and state and local income taxes and Excise Tax upon the Tax Indemnity Payment, will be equal to the payments the executive
would have retained had there been no Excise Tax. The effect of this provision is that we, and not the executives, bear the financial
cost of the Excise Tax. In accordance with Section 280G of the Code, we cannot claim a federal income tax deduction for payments subject
to the Excise Tax, including the Tax Indemnity Payment. 

Potential
Payments Upon a Change of Control 

Under
the 2013 Equity Compensation Plan, in the event of a change in control (as defined in the 2013 Equity Compensation Plan), the Compensation
Committee may, at the time of the grant of an award provide for, among other things, the (i) accelerating or extending the time periods
for exercising, vesting in, or realizing gain from any award, (ii) eliminating or modifying the performance or other conditions of an
award, or (iii) providing for the cash settlement of an award for an equivalent cash value, as determined by the Compensation Committee.
The Compensation Committee may, in its discretion and without the need for the consent of any recipient of an award, also take one or
more of the following actions contingent upon the occurrence of a change in control: (a) cause any or all outstanding options and stock
appreciation rights to become immediately exercisable, in whole or in part; (b) cause any other awards to become non-forfeitable, in
whole or in part; (c) cancel any option or stock appreciation right in exchange for a substitute option; (d) cancel any award of restricted
stock, restricted stock units, performance shares or performance units in exchange for a similar award of the capital stock of any successor
corporation; (e) redeem any restricted stock, restricted stock unit, performance share or performance unit for cash and/or other substitute
consideration with a value equal to the fair market value of an unrestricted share of our common stock on the date of the change in control;
(f) cancel any option or stock appreciation right in exchange for cash and/or other substitute consideration based on the value of our
common stock on the date of the change in control , and cancel any option or stock appreciation right without any payment if its
exercise price exceeds the value of our common stock on the date of the change in control; or (g) make such other modifications, adjustments
or amendments to outstanding awards as the Compensation Committee deems necessary or appropriate. To date, there have been 689,000 options
granted under the 2013 Equity Compensation Plan to the Named Executive Officers. 

Other
than the severance benefits described under Employment Agreements and the potential payments described under Potential
Payments Upon a Change of Control above, we do not maintain contracts, agreements, plans or arrangements that provide for payments
to the Named Executive Officers at, following, or in connection with any termination of employment. 

37 

Deferred
Compensation Plan for Executive Officers 

In
January 2005, we established the Coffee Holding Co., Inc. Non-Qualified Deferred Compensation Plan for Named Executive Officers. Currently,
Andrew Gordon is the only participant in the plan. Each Named Executive Officer who participates in the plan may defer receipt of all
or a portion of his annual cash compensation received from Coffee Holding. The deferred amounts are allocated to a deferral account and
credited with interest according to the investment classifications made available by the JVA Board. The plan is an unfunded, non-qualified
plan that provides for distribution of the amounts deferred to participants or their designated beneficiaries upon the occurrence of
certain events. The amounts deferred, and related investment earnings, are held in a corporate account for the benefit of participating
Named Executive Officers until such amounts are distributed pursuant to the terms of the plan. 

Outstanding
Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End 

The
following table sets forth information regarding outstanding stock options awarded to each of our Named Executive Officers as of October
31, 2022. 

Number of Securities 
 Underlying Unexercised Options 
 Option 
 exercise 
 Option 
 expiration 
 
 Name 
 Exercisable 
 Unexercisable 
 price ) 
 date 
 
 Andrew Gordon 
 349,000 (1) 
 0 (1) 
 5.43 
 4/18/2029 
 
 David Gordon 
 281,000 (1) 
 0 (1) 
 5.43 
 4/18/2029 

Equity
Compensation Plan Information 

The
following table sets forth information regarding outstanding stock options and rights and shares reserved for future issuance under our
existing equity compensation plans as of October 31, 2022. 

Plan Category 
 Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants and rights 
 Weighted-average exercise price of outstanding options, warrants and rights 
 (Number of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans (excluding securities reflected in column(a)) 

(a) 
 (b) 
 (c) 
 
 Equity compensation plans approved by stockholders (1) 
 1,000,000 
 5.43 
 0 
 
 Equity compensation plans not approved by stockholders 

Total 
 1,000,000 
 5.43 
 0 

(1) 
 Represents
 outstanding stock options granted to current or former employees and directors of the Company pursuant to its 2013 Equity Compensation
 Plan. 

38 

DIRECTOR
COMPENSATION 

Non-employee
directors receive 800 per Board meeting and committee meeting attended in person and 400 per each JVA Board meeting and committee meeting
attended telephonically. Non-employee directors are also reimbursed for travel expenses and other out-of-pocket costs incurred in connection
with attendance at Board and committee meetings. 

Total
directors meeting and committee fees for the fiscal year ended October 31, 2022 were 15,200. We do not compensate our employee
directors for service as directors. Directors are also entitled to the protection of certain indemnification provisions in our Amended
and Restated Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws. 

The
following table sets forth information regarding compensation earned by our non-employee directors during the 2022 fiscal year. 

DIRECTOR
COMPENSATION TABLE 

Name 
 Fees Earned or Paid in Cash ) (1) 
 Stock Options (2)(3) 
 All Other Compensation ) 
 Total ) 
 
 Gerard DeCapua 
 3,600 
 0 
 0 
 3,600 
 
 Daniel Dwyer 
 2,400 
 0 
 0 
 2,400 
 
 Barry Knepper 
 3,600 
 0 
 0 
 3,600 
 
 John Rotelli 
 2,400 
 0 
 0 
 2,400 
 
 George F. Thomas 
 3,200 
 0 
 0 
 3,200 

(1) 
 Meeting
 fees earned during the fiscal year, whether such fees were paid currently or deferred. 
 
 (2) 
 Stock
 option awards represent the grant date fair value of the awards pursuant to FASB ASC Topic 718, as described in Note 12 Stockholders 
 Equity in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended October
 31, 2022, to which reference is hereby made. 
 
 (3) 
 The
 total number of shares of common stock covered by stock options held by each non-employee director at October 31, 2022 were as follows: 

No. of Shares 
 
 Gerard DeCapua 
 100 
 
 Daniel Dwyer 
 5,900 
 
 Barry Knepper 
 22,172 
 
 John Rotelli 
 6,548 
 
 George F. Thomas 
 4,000 

39 

ITEM
 12. 
 SECURITY
 OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

Security
Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management of JVA 

The
following table shows the number of shares of Coffee Holding s common stock, par value 0.001 per share, beneficially owned by
(i) each person known to be the owner of 5 or more of our common stock, (ii) each director and nominee, (iii) the Named Executive Officers
identified in the Summary Compensation Table included elsewhere in this proxy statement and (iv) all directors and executive officers
of Coffee Holding as a group, as of March 15, 2023. The percent of common stock outstanding was based on a total of 5,708,599 shares
of Coffee Holding s common stock outstanding as of January 27, 2023. Except as otherwise indicated, each person shown in the table
has sole voting and investment power with respect to the shares of common stock listed next to his or her name. The address for each
person shown in the table is c/o Coffee Holding Co., Inc., 3475 Victory Boulevard, Staten Island, New York 10314, unless otherwise indicated. 

Name 
 Position 
 Amount and Nature of Beneficial Ownership 
 Percent of Common Stock Outstanding ) (1) 
 
 Directors and Executive Officers 

Andrew Gordon 
 President, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Director 
 636,750 (2) 
 10.5 
 
 David Gordon 
 Executive Vice President Operations, Secretary and Director 
 648,181 (3) 
 10.8 
 
 Gerard DeCapua 
 Director 
 14,100 (4) 

Daniel Dwyer 
 Director 
 19,900 (5) 

Barry Knepper 
 Director 
 36,010 (6) 

John Rotelli 
 Director 
 20,548 (7) 

George F. Thomas 
 Director 
 6,600 (8) 

All directors and executive officers as a group (7 persons) 
 
 1,382,089 
 21.6 
 
 5 or More Holders 

Renaissance Technologies LLC 
 
 342,964 (9) 
 6.0 

(1) 
 Beneficial
 ownership includes shares of common stock as to which a person or group has sole or shared voting power or investment power. Shares
 of common stock subject to stock options that are exercisable currently or within 60 days of the Record Date, are deemed outstanding
 for purposes of computing the number of shares beneficially owned and percentage ownership of the person or group holding such stock
 options, warrants or convertible securities, but are not deemed outstanding for computing the percentage of any other person 
 
 (2) 
 Includes
 14,000 shares owned by Mr. A. Gordon directly, a stock option to purchase 349,000 shares held directly by Mr. A Gordon, and 273,750
 shares owned indirectly by Mr. A. Gordon through A. Gordon Family Ventures LLC. 
 
 (3) 
 Includes
 367,181 shares of common stock owned by Mr. D. Gordon directly, and a stock option to purchase 281,000 shares of common stock owned
 directly by Mr. D. Gordon. 
 
 (4) 
 Includes
 100 shares of common stock and an option to purchase 14,000 shares owned directly by Mr. DeCapua. 
 
 (5) 
 Includes
 5,900 shares of common stock and an option to purchase 14,000 shares of common stock owned directly by Mr. Dwyer. 
 
 (6) 
 Includes
 22,010 shares of common stock and an option to purchase 14,000 shares of common stock owned directly by Mr. Knepper. 
 
 (7) 
 Includes
 6,548 shares of common stock and an option to purchase 14,000 shares of common stock owned directly by Mr. Rotelli. 
 
 (8) 
 Includes
 3,000 shares of common stock owned by Mr. Thomas directly, an option to purchase 3,000 shares of common stock owned by Mr. Thomas
 directly, and 600 shares owned by Mr. Thomas wife. 
 
 (9) 
 Includes
 shares of common stock beneficially owned by Renaissance Technologies Holdings Corporation RTHC because of RTHC s
 majority ownership of Renaissance Technologies LLC RTC ). The principal business address of both RTHC and RTC is 800
 Third Avenue, New York, New York 10022. All information regarding RTHC is based on information disclosed in a statement on Schedule
 13G filed with the SEC on February 13, 2023. 

40 

ITEM
 13. 
 CERTAIN
 RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

The
following is a summary of transactions since November 1, 2021 and all currently proposed transactions, to which JVA has been a participant,
in which: 

The
 amounts exceeded or will exceed the lesser of 120,000 or one percent of the average of JVA s total assets at year-end for
 the last two completed fiscal years; and 

Any
 of the directors, executive officer or holders of more than 5 of the respective capital stock, or any member of the immediate family
 of the foregoing persons, had or will have a direct or indirect material interest. 

Mr.
Dwyer, a member of our Board of Directors, was a senior coffee trader for Rothfos Corporation, a coffee trading company Rothfos ),
during the year ended October 31, 2021. While employed at Rothfos, Mr. Dwyer was responsible for the JVA account. Mr. Dwyer retired from
Rothfos on January 1, 2022. JVA paid Rothfos approximately 3.5 million for green coffee purchases in fiscal 2021. 

JVA
has engaged its 40 partner in Generations Coffee Company, LLC GCC ), with which JVA has a joint venture, as an outside
contractor. JVA is the 60 equity owner of the joint venture and Caruso s Coffee Company Caruso s owns the
other 40 equity interest. Payments to Caruso s during the years ended October 31, 2022, and October 31, 2021 amounted to 285,696,
and 349,760, respectively, for the processing of finished goods. 

ITEM
 14. 
 PRINCIPAL
 ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 

Fees
Billed to the Company in fiscal years 2022 and 2021 

The
following table summarizes the fees for professional services rendered by Marcum, our independent registered public accounting firm,
for the fiscal year ended October 31, 2022 and fees for professional services rendered by Eisner, our independent registered public accounting
firm, for the fiscal year ended October 31, 2021 (the only fiscal year Eisner served as our independent registered public accounting
firm): 

Fiscal Year 

2022 (Marcum) 
 2021 (Eisner) 
 
 Audit Fees (1) 
 723,500 
 140,550 
 
 Audit-Related Fees (2) 
 70,815 
 - 
 
 Tax Fees 
 - 
 - 
 
 All Other Fees 
 - 
 - 
 
 Total 
 794,315 
 140,550 

(1)
Audit fees consisted of work performed in connection with the audit of the consolidated financial statements as well as work
generally only the independent auditors can reasonably be expected to provide, such as quarterly reviews and review of our Annual
Reports on Form 10-K for fiscal years ended October 31, 2021 and 2022. 

(2)
Audit-Related fees consisted of fees paid to Marcum in connection with Marcum s review of the Registration Statement on Form F-4 in connection
with the Merger. 

Audit
Committee Pre-Approval Policy 

The
Audit Committee, or a designated member of the Audit Committee, shall preapprove all auditing services and permitted non-audit services
(including the fees and terms) to be performed for Coffee Holding by our registered independent public accountants, subject to the de
minimis exceptions for non-audit services that are approved by the Audit Committee prior to completion of the audit, provided that: (1)
the aggregate amount of all such services provided constitutes no more than five percent of the total amount of revenues paid by Coffee
Holding to its registered independent public accountant during the fiscal year in which the services are provided; (2) such services
were not recognized by Coffee Holding at the time of the engagement to be non-audit services; and (3) such services are promptly brought
to the attention of the Audit Committee and approved prior to the completion of the audit by the Audit Committee or by one or more members
of the Audit Committee who are members of the Board to whom authority to grant such approvals has been delegated by the Audit Committee.
All of the services set forth in the table above were preapproved by the Audit Committee. 

41 

PART
IV 

ITEM
 15. 
 EXHIBITS,
 FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

(a) 
 List
 of Documents filed as part of this Report 

(1) 
 Financial
 Statements 

The
financial statements and related notes, together with the report of Marcum LLP appear at pages F-1 through F-22 following the Exhibit
List as required by Part II, Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of this Form 10-K. 

(2) 
 Financial
 Statement Schedules 

None. 

(3) 
 List
 of Exhibits 

(a) 
 Exhibits 

The
Company has filed with this report or incorporated by reference herein certain exhibits as specified below pursuant to Rule 12b-32 under
the Exchange Act. 

42 

Exhibit
 No. 
 
 Description 
 
 2.1 
 
 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated October 31, 1997, by and among Transpacific International Group Corp. and Coffee Holding Co., Inc. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 2 to Post-Effective Amendment No. 1 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form SB-2 filed on November 10, 1997 (File No. 333-00588-NY)). 

2.2 
 
 Asset Purchase Agreement, dated February 4, 2004, by and between Coffee Holding Co., Inc. and Premier Roasters LLC (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 20, 2004 (File No. 333-00588-NY)). 

2.3 
 
 Merger and Share Exchange Agreement, dated September 9, 2022 by and among Coffee Holding Company, Inc., Delta Corp Holdings Limited, Delta Corp Cayman Limited and each of the selling stockholders named therein (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 30, 2022). 

3.1 
 
 Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of the Company (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form 8-A the 2005 Registration Statement filed on May 2, 2005 (File No. 001-32491)). 

3.2 
 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Company (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed February 25, 2019). 

4.1 
 
 Form of Stock Certificate of the Company (incorporated herein by reference to the Company s Registration Statement on Form SB-2 filed on June 24, 2004 (Registration No. 333-116838)). 

4.2 
 
 Description of Capital Stock. 

10.1 
 
 Loan and Security Agreement, dated February 17, 2009, by and between Sterling National Bank and Coffee Holding Co., Inc. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.21 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 23, 2009 (File No. 001-32491)). 

10.2 
 
 Lease, dated February 4, 2004, by and between Coffee Holding Co., Inc. and the City of La Junta, Colorado (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.12 to Amendment No. 1 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form SB-2/A filed on August 12, 2004 (Registration No. 333-116838)). 

10.3 
 
 Trademark License Agreement, dated February 4, 2004, between Del Monte Corporation and Coffee Holding Co., Inc. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.13 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-QSB/A for the quarter ended April 30, 2004 filed on August 26, 2004 (File No. 333-00588-NY)) as amended by that First Amendment to Trademark License Agreement, dated January 4, 2013. 

10.4 
 
 First Amendment to Trademark License Agreement, dated January 4, 2013, by and between Del Monte Corporation and Coffee Holding Co., Inc. Certain portions of Exhibit 10.4 are omitted based upon approval of the Company s request for confidential treatment through January 28, 2023. The omitted portions were filed separately with the SEC on a confidential basis (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended October 31, 2012 filed on January 28, 2013 (File No. 001-32491)). 

10.5 
 
 Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, dated April 11, 2008, by and between Coffee Holding Co., Inc. and Andrew Gordon (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.14 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 16, 2008 (File No. 001-32491)). 

10.6 
 
 Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, dated April 11, 2008, by and between Coffee Holding Co., Inc. and David Gordon (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.15 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 16, 2008 (File No. 001-32491)). 

10.7 
 
 Coffee Holding Co., Inc. Non-Qualified Deferred Compensation Plan (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.19 of the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-QSB filed on June 14, 2005 (File No. 001-32491)). 

10.8 
 
 Contract of Sale, dated April 14, 2009, by and between Coffee Holding Co., Inc. and 4401 1st Ave LLC (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on January 28, 2010 (File No. 001-32491)). 

43 

10.9 
 
 First Amendment to Loan and Security Agreement between Coffee Holding Co., Inc. and Sterling National Bank, dated July 23, 2010 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 103 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on January 31, 2011 (File No. 001-32491)). 

10.10 
 
 Placement Agency Agreement, dated as of September 27, 2011, by and among the Company, the selling stockholders named therein, Roth Capital Partners, LLC and Maxim Group, LLC (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Report on Form 8-K filed on September 27, 2011 (File No. 001-32491)). 

10.11 
 
 Subscription Agreement, dated as of September 27, 2011, by and between the Company, the selling stockholders named therein and each of the purchasers identified on the signature pages thereto (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 27, 2011 (File No. 001-32491)). 

10.12 
 
 2013 Equity Compensation Plan (incorporated by reference to Annex A of the Company s Definitive Proxy Statement filed on February 28, 2013 (File No. 13653320)). 

10.13 
 
 Loan Modification Agreement, dated as of May 10, 2013, by and between Sterling National Bank and Coffee Holding Co., Inc. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.11 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on January 24, 2014 (File No. 001-32491)). 

10.14 
 
 Loan Modification Agreement, dated March 10, 2015, by and between Sterling National Bank and Coffee Holding Co., Inc. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 31, 2015). 

10.15 
 
 Loan Agreement, dated March 10, 2015, by and between Sterling National Bank and Organic Products Trading Company LLC (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 31, 2015). 

10.16 
 
 Security Agreement, dated March 10, 2015, by and between Sterling National Bank and Coffee Holding Co., Inc. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 31, 2015). 

10.17 
 
 Guarantee, dated March 10, 2015, by Coffee Holding Co., Inc. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 31, 2015). 

10.18 
 
 Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement, dated April 25, 2017, by and among Coffee Holding Co., Inc., Organic Products Trading Company LLC and Sterling National Bank (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 28, 2017). 

10.19 
 
 Guaranty Agreement, dated April 25, 2017, made by each of Sonofresco and Comfort Foods in favor of Sterling National Bank (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 28, 2017). 

10.20 
 
 Lease, dated December 6, 2000, by and between Comfort Foods, Inc. and One Clark Street North Andover LLC. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.20 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed January 29, 2018). 

10.21 
 
 Second Amendment to Lease, dated March 23, 2017, by and between Coffee Holding Co., Inc. and 25 COMM NAM, LLC (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.21 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed January 29, 2018). 

10.22 
 
 Loan Modification Agreement and Waiver, dated March 23, 2018, by and by and among Coffee Holding Co., Inc., Organic Products Trading Company LLC and Sterling National Bank (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 27, 2018). 

10.23 
 
 Form of Incentive Stock Option Agreement to the Company s 2013 Equity Compensation Plan (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed June 29, 2019). 

44 

10.24 
 
 Form of Non-Qualified Stock Option Award Agreement to the Company s 2013 Equity Compensation Plan (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed June 29, 2019). 

10.25 
 
 Loan Modification Agreement and Waiver, dated March 13, 2020, by and among Coffee Holding Co., Inc., Organic Products Trading Company LLC and Sterling National Bank (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on March 16, 2020). 

10.26 
 
 Lease, dated September 22, 2021, by and between Coffee Holding Co., Inc. and Our Two Buddies, LLC, TANJ Properties, LLC and VGM Realty Services, LLC (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.26 (listed as Exhibit 10.6) to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on January 31, 2022). 

10.27 
 
 Loan Modification Agreement, dated June 28, 2022, by and among Coffee Holding Co., Inc., Organic Products Trading Company LLC and Webster Bank. 

10.28 
 
 Loan Modification Agreement, dated March 15, 2023, by and among Coffee Holding Co., Inc., Organic Products Trading Company LLC and Webster Bank. 

10.29 
 
 Form of Registration Rights Agreement (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 30, 2022). 

10.30 
 
 Form of Voting and Support Agreement (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 30, 2022). 

21.1 
 
 List of Significant Subsidiaries. 

23.1 
 
 Consent of Marcum LLP 

31.1 
 
 Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer s Certification pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.1 
 
 Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer s Certification furnished pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL
 Instance Document. 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL
 Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL
 Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL
 Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL
 Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL
 Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 

104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 

Filed herewith 

 Furnished
herewith 

ITEM
16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 

None. 

45 

SIGNATURES 

In
accordance with Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant caused this report to be signed on its behalf
by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized on March 29, 2023. 

COFFEE
 HOLDING CO., INC. 

By:
 
 /s/
 Andrew Gordon 

Andrew
 Gordon 

President,
 Chief Executive Officer 

In
accordance with the Exchange Act, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities
and on the dates indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/Andrew
 Gordon 
 
 President,
Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Director 
 
 March
 29, 2023 
 
 Andrew
 Gordon 
 
 (principal
executive officer and principal financial and accounting officer) 

/s/
 David Gordon 
 
 Executive
 Vice President Operations, Secretary and Director 
 
 March
 29, 2023 
 
 David
 Gordon 

/s/
 Gerard DeCapua 
 
 Director 
 
 March
 29, 2023 
 
 Gerard
 DeCapua 

/s/
 Daniel Dwyer 
 
 Director 
 
 March
 29, 2023 
 
 Daniel
 Dwyer 

/s/
 Barry Knepper 
 
 Director 
 
 March
 29, 2023 
 
 Barry
 Knepper 

/s/
 John Rotelli 
 
 Director 
 
 March
 29, 2023 
 
 John
 Rotelli 

/s/
 George Thomas 
 
 Director 
 
 March
 29, 2023 
 
 George
 Thomas 

46 

COFFEE
HOLDING CO., INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 INDEX
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

PAGE 
 
 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS: 

REPORT
 OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM PCAOB ID No. 
 
 F-2 

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS AS OF OCTOBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 
 
 F-3 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS - YEARS ENDED OCTOBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 
 
 F-4 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY - YEARS ENDED OCTOBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 
 
 F-5 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS - YEARS ENDED OCTOBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 
 
 F-6 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 F-8 

F- 1 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To
the Shareholders and Board of Directors of 

 Coffee
Holding Co., Inc. 

Opinion
on the Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Coffee Holding Co., Inc. (the Company as of October 31, 2022
and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, changes in stockholders equity and cash flows for each of the two
years in the period ended October 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ).
In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of October
31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended October 31, 2022,
in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s
financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
(United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal
securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB.Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company
is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits
we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion
on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error
or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits
provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical
Audit Matters 

Critical
audit matters are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be
communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and
(2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. We determined that there are no critical audit matters. 

/s/
 llp 

Marcum
 llp 

We
have served as the Company s auditor from 2013 to 2021 and subsequently reappointed as the Company s auditor in 2022. 

March
29, 2023 

F- 2 

COFFEE
HOLDING CO., INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED
BALANCE SHEETS 

 OCTOBER
31, 2022 AND 2021 

2022 
 2021 

- ASSETS - 

CURRENT ASSETS: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Accounts receivable, net of allowances of for 2022 and 2021 

Inventories 

Due from broker 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Prepaid and refundable income taxes 

TOTAL CURRENT ASSETS 

Building machinery and equipment, net 

Customer list and relationships, net of accumulated amortization of and for 2022 and 2021, respectively 

Trademarks and tradenames 

Non-compete, net of accumulated amortization of and for 2022 and 2021, respectively 
 - 

Goodwill 
 - 

Equity method investments 

Investment - other 

Right of use asset 

Deferred income tax assets - net 

Deposits and other assets 

TOTAL ASSETS 

- LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY - 

CURRENT LIABILITIES: 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Cash overdrafts 
 
 - 
 
 Due to broker 

Note payable current portion 

Lease liability current portion 

Income taxes payable 
 - 

TOTAL CURRENT LIABILITIES 

Line of credit 

Lease liabilities 

Note payable long term 

Deferred compensation payable 

TOTAL LIABILITIES 

Commitments and Contingencies (Note 8) 
 - 
 - 
 
 STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY: 

Coffee Holding Co., Inc. stockholders equity: 

Preferred stock, par value per share; shares authorized; issued 
 - 
 - 
 
 Common stock, par value per share; shares authorized, shares issued for 2022 and 2021; shares outstanding for 2022 and 2021 

Additional paid-in capital 

Retained earnings 

Less: Treasury stock, common shares, at cost for 2022 and 2021 

Total Coffee Holding Co., Inc. stockholders equity 

Non-controlling interest 

TOTAL EQUITY 

TOTAL LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

See
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

F- 3 

COFFEE
HOLDING CO., INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

 YEARS
ENDED OCTOBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

2022 
 2021 
 
 NET SALES 

COST OF SALES 

GROSS PROFIT 

OPERATING EXPENSES: 

Selling and administrative 

Goodwill and other impairment charges 

Officers salaries 

TOTAL 

(LOSS) INCOME FROM OPERATIONS 

OTHER INCOME (EXPENSE): 

Interest income 

Loss from equity method investment 

Interest expense 

TOTAL 

(LOSS) INCOME BEFORE INCOME TAX (BENEFIT) PROVISION 

Income Tax (benefit) provision 

NET (LOSS) INCOME BEFORE ADJUSTMENT FOR NON-CONTROLLING INTEREST IN SUBSIDIARY 

Plus: Net loss attributable to the non-controlling interest in subsidiary 

NET (LOSS) INCOME ATTRIBUTABLE TO COFFEE HOLDING CO., INC. 

Basic and diluted (loss) earnings per share 

Weighted average common shares outstanding: 

Basic and diluted 

See
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

F- 4 

COFFEE
HOLDING CO., INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

 YEARS
ENDED OCTOBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Earnings 
 Interest 
 Total 

Common Stock 
 Treasury Stock 
 Additional Paid-in 
 Retained 
 Non- Controlling 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Earnings 
 Interest 
 Total 

Balance, November 1, 2020 

Stock Compensation 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Non-Controlling interest 

Net income 

Balance, October 31, 2021 

Balance 

Stock Compensation 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Distributions to non-controlling interest 

Inflow from non-controlling interest 

Non-Controlling Interest 

Dividend to common shareholders 

Net loss 

Net income (loss) 

Balance, October 31, 2022 

Balance 

See
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

F- 5 

COFFEE
HOLDING CO., INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

 YEARS
ENDED OCTOBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

2022 
 2021 
 
 OPERATING ACTIVITIES: 

Net (loss) income 

Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities: 

Depreciation and amortization 

Impairment of goodwill, trademarks and tradenames 

Write-off of accounts receivable 
 
 - 
 
 Stock-based compensation 

Unrealized loss (gain) on commodities - net 

Loss on equity method investments 

Impairment of customer list and non-compete agreement 

Write down of obsolete inventory 
 
 - 
 
 Amortization of right of use asset 

Deferred income taxes 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Accounts receivable 

Inventories 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Prepaid and refundable income taxes 

Deposits and other assets 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Change in lease liability 

Income taxes payable 

Net cash (used in) provided by operating activities 

INVESTING ACTIVITIES: 

Purchases of other investment 
 - 

Proceeds from sale of machinery and equipment 
 - 

Purchases of building, machinery and equipment 

Net cash used in investing activities 

FINANCING ACTIVITIES: 

Advances under bank line of credit 

Cash overdraft 
 
 - 
 
 Principal payment on note payable 

Payment of dividend 
 
 - 
 
 Capital contributed by non-controlling interest 
 
 - 
 
 Principal payments under bank line of credit 

Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 

NET (DECREASE) INCREASE IN CASH 

CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS, BEGINNING OF YEAR 

CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS, END OF YEAR 

See
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

F- 6 

COFFEE
HOLDING CO., INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

 YEARS
ENDED OCTOBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

2022 
 2021 
 
 SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURE OF CASH FLOW DATA: 

Interest paid 

Income taxes paid 

SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURE OF NON-CASH INVESTING AND FINANCING ACTIVITIES: 

Initial recognition of operating lease right of use asset 
 - 

Initial recognition of operating lease liabilities 
 - 

Termination of operating lease right of use asset 
 - 

Termination of operating lease liability 
 - 

Distribution of inventory by non-controlling interest 
 
 - 

See
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

F- 7 

COFFEE
HOLDING CO., INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 OCTOBER
31, 2022 AND 2021 

of its inventory was distributed to the non-controlling interest partner for in cash. As part of the restructuring process, the Company recorded a write-down of obsolete inventory of 
and a write-off of accounts receivable of . 

On
September 29, 2022, Coffee Holding Co., Inc, a Nevada corporation (the Company ), entered into a Merger and Share Exchange
Agreement (the Merger Agreement ), by and among the Company, Delta Corp Holdings Limited, a Cayman Islands exempted company Pubco ), Delta Corp Holdings Limited, a company incorporated in England and Wales Delta ), CHC Merger Sub
Inc., a Nevada corporation and wholly owned subsidiary of Pubco Merger Sub ), and each of the holders of ordinary shares
of Delta as named therein (the Sellers ). Upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Merger Agreement,
Merger Sub will merge with and into the Company, with the Company surviving as a direct, wholly-owned subsidiary of Pubco (the Merger ).
As a result of the Merger, each issued and outstanding share of the Company common stock, par value per share (the JVA
Common Stock ), will be cancelled and converted for the right of the holder thereof to receive one ordinary share, par value 
of Pubco (the Pubco Ordinary Shares ). 

Uncertainty
Due to Geopolitical Events 

Due to Russia s invasion of Ukraine,
which began in February 2022, and the resulting sanctions and other actions against Russia and Belarus, there has been uncertainty and
disruption in the global economy. Although Russia s invasion of Ukraine did not have a material adverse impact on the Company s
revenue or other financial results for the year ended October 31, 2022, at this time the Company is unable to fully assess the aggregate
impact will have on its business due to various uncertainties, which include, but are not limited to, the duration of the war, the war s
effect on the economy, its impact to the businesses of the Company s customers, and actions that may be taken by governmental authorities
related to the war. 

COFFEE
HOLDING CO., INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 OCTOBER
31, 2022 AND 2021 

NOTE
1 - BUSINESS ACTIVITIES (cont d): 

COVID-19 

The
global outbreak of COVID-19 was declared a pandemic by the World Health Organization and a national emergency by the U.S. government
in March 2020 and has negatively affected the U.S. and global economies, disrupted global supply chains, resulted in significant travel
and transport restrictions, mandated closures and stay-at-home orders, and created significant disruption of the financial markets. 

The
continuing impact on the Company s business including the decrease in our sales, the length and impact of stay-at-home orders and/or
regional quarantines, labor shortages and employment trends, disruptions to supply chains, including its ability to obtain products from
global suppliers, higher operating costs, the form and impact of economic stimulus and general overall economic instability, has contributed
to and may continue to have a material adverse effect on the Company s business, results of operations, financial condition and
cash flows. At this time the full impact could not be fully determined. 

COFFEE
HOLDING CO., INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 OCTOBER
31, 2022 AND 2021 

NOTE
2 - SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (cont d): 

Reserve for other allowances 

Reserve for sales discounts 

Totals 

reserves for obsolescence as of October 31, 2022 and 2021. 

COFFEE
HOLDING CO., INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 OCTOBER
31, 2022 AND 2021 

NOTE
2 - SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (cont d): 

Gross realized (losses) 

Unrealized (losses) gains 

Total 

, respectively. 

COFFEE
HOLDING CO., INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 OCTOBER
31, 2022 AND 2021 

NOTE
2 - SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (cont d): 

assessment
date. The Company quantitatively assessed the carrying amount of its goodwill in 2021 and 2022 due to its declining stock price. The
most significant assumptions used in these impairment tests include the royalty rates using the relief from royalty method of
testing trademarks, forecasted revenues and expenses, income tax rates and discounts and premiums built into our weighted average
cost of capital to estimate future cash flows using an income approach. Due to the sustained decline in the price of the Company
stock through the fourth quarter of 2022 and after the proposed Delta merger announcement, the Company determined that an impairment
charge was necessary and recorded an impairment charge of ,
which consisted of 
of goodwill and 
of trademarks and tradenames. impairment charge was recorded to the carrying amount of
goodwill as the reporting unit had a fair value in excess of its carrying amount of approximately 
as of October 31, 2021. For the year ended October 31, 2021, we recorded impairment charges on two of our trademarks as the carrying
amount of these trademarks exceeded the respective fair values on the test date which were determined using the relief from royalty
method. These impairments were due to a change in the estimated future revenues relating to these trademarks. The impairment charge amounted to
 for
the year ended October 31, 2021. 

Impairment 

Impairment 
 1,080,000 
 
 Balance at October 31, 2021 

Impairment charge 

Balance at October 31, 2022 

and ,
respectively of impairment charges of its amortizable intangible assets. 
impairment charges were recorded against buildings, machinery and equipment. 

and 
for the years ended October 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

COFFEE
HOLDING CO., INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 OCTOBER
31, 2022 AND 2021 

NOTE
2 - SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (cont d): 

options that are outstanding which have not been included in the calculation of diluted (loss) earnings per share
because they are anti-dilutive. 

The
weighted average common shares outstanding used in the computation of basic and diluted (loss) earnings per share were 
and for the years ended October 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

COFFEE
HOLDING CO., INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 OCTOBER
31, 2022 AND 2021 

NOTE
2 - SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (cont d): 

Packaged 

Totals 

Revenues 

Revenue
for these product lines is recognized upon shipment to the customer. 

and for the years ended October 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, is included in selling and administrative expenses. 

and in excess of FDIC insured limits, respectively. 

The
accounts at the brokerage firm contain cash and securities. Balances are insured up to , with a limit of for cash, by
the Securities Investor Protection Corporation (SIPC). At October 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had approximately and 
in excess of SIPC insured limits, respectively. 

COFFEE
HOLDING CO., INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 OCTOBER
31, 2022 AND 2021 

NOTE
2 - SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (cont d): 

. Under the equity method
of accounting, an Investee company s accounts are not reflected within the Company s consolidated Balance Sheets and
consolidated Statements of Operations; however, the Company s share of the earnings or losses of the Investee company is
reflected in the caption Loss from equity method investments in the consolidated Statements of Operations. The
Company s carrying value in an equity method Investee company is reflected in the caption Equity method
investments in the Company s consolidated Balance Sheets. 

The
Company s equity method investments consist of the following: 

(1)
 interest in Healthwise Gourmet Coffees, LLC, a distributor of low acidity coffees. The initial investment in this company amounted
to . The loss recognized amounted to and for the years ended October 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The carrying
amount of this investment as presented on the consolidated balance sheet at October 31, 2022 and 2021 was and , respectively. 

(2)
On October 15, 2020 the Company acquired a interest in Jordre Well LLC, a company that will produce CBD infused products. The investment
was made in shares of the Company s common stock. The price of the stock on October 15, 2020 was for an initial investment
of . An additional shares of the Company s common stock will be transferred if Jordre Well LLC generates 
in revenue from the sale of its newly created brands. The loss recognized amounted to and for the year ended October
31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The net value of this investment as presented on the consolidated balance sheet at October 31, 2022
and 2021 was and . 

in an entity that
hold investments in the plant-based protein drink manufacturing industry. The Company has determined they do not have significant influence
over the investee. Pursuant to ASC 321, the Company has elected an alternate measurement to account for this investment at cost less
any impairment with adjustments to fair value if there are observable price changes. As of October 31, 2022 and 2021, no such price changes
and investments-other was on the accompanying consolidated balance sheet. 

COFFEE
HOLDING CO., INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 OCTOBER
31, 2022 AND 2021 

NOTE
2 - SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (cont d): 

for new leases and lease amendments that
occurred during fiscal year 2022 and 2021. Right of use assets also exclude lease incentives. 

Green coffee 

Roaster parts 

Packaging supplies 

Totals 

Inventories 

COFFEE
HOLDING CO., INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 OCTOBER
31, 2022 AND 2021 

- years 

Building 
 years 

Machinery and equipment 
 years 

Furniture and fixtures 
 years 

Less, accumulated depreciation 

Depreciation
expense totaled and for the years ended October 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. In October 2021 the Company sold 
of machinery and equipment with a carrying value of at disposal for of proceeds and recognized a loss on disposal of
 recorded as a component of operating expenses for the year ended October 31, 2021. 

Purchase accruals 

Other accruals 

Totals 

. The facility was then approved for a two-year extension.
All other terms of the A R Loan Agreement and A R Loan Facility remain the same. 

On
June 28, 2022, the Company reached an agreement for a new loan modification agreement and credit facility with Webster Bank. The terms
of the new agreement, among other things: (i) provided for a new maturity date of , and (ii) changed the interest rate per
annum to SOFR plus (with such interest rate not to be lower than ). All other terms of the A R Loan Agreement and A R
Loan Facility remain the same. 

COFFEE
HOLDING CO., INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 OCTOBER
31, 2022 AND 2021 

NOTE
6 - LINE OF CREDIT (cont d): 

The
Company is subject to certain covenants with respect to its line of credit agreement. The Company was not in compliance with the
net profit and non-borrower affiliate covenants as of October 31, 2022. The Company requested a waiver from the lender and the waiver
was granted and received on March 15, 2023. The lender also extended the due date of the October 31, 2022 financial statements until
April 15, 2023. The loan agreement was also modified on March 15, 2023. The terms of the modification, among other things: (i) provides
for a requirement for subordination agreements if necessary, and (ii) changes the terms of transactions with affiliates from a dollar
limitation to allowable in the ordinary course of business, (iii) establishes a new covenant for a fixed charge coverage ratio. 

Each
of the A R Loan Facility and A R Loan Agreement contains covenants, subject to certain exceptions, that place annual restrictions
on the Borrowers operations, including covenants relating to debt restrictions, capital expenditures, indebtedness, minimum deposit
restrictions, tangible net worth, net profit, leverage, employee loan restrictions, dividend and repurchase restrictions (common stock
and preferred stock), and restrictions on intercompany transactions. The outstanding balance on the Company s lines of credit were
 and as of October 31, 2022 and October 31, 2021, respectively. 

State and local 
 - 

Total 
 - 

Deferred 

Federal 

State and local 

Total 

Income tax (benefit) 

COFFEE
HOLDING CO., INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 OCTOBER
31, 2022 AND 2021 

NOTE
7 - INCOME TAXES (cont d): 

Goodwill impairment 

Other permanent differences 

State and local tax, net of federal 

(Benefit from) provision for income taxes 

Effective income tax rate 

Unrealized loss 
 
 - 
 
 Deferred rent 

Deferred compensation 

Net operating loss 

Stock-based compensation 

Inventory 

Total deferred tax asset 

Deferred tax liabilities: 

Intangible assets acquired 

Unrealized gain 
 - 

Buildings, machinery and equipment 

Total deferred tax liabilities 

Net deferred tax asset 

A
valuation allowance was not provided at October 31, 2022 or 2021. In assessing the realizability of deferred tax assets, management considers
whether it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. The ultimate realization
of deferred tax assets is dependent upon the generation of future taxable income during the periods in which those temporary differences
become deductible. Management considers the scheduled reversal of deferred tax liabilities, projected future taxable income, and tax
planning strategies in making this assessment. 

COFFEE
HOLDING CO., INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 OCTOBER
31, 2022 AND 2021 

NOTE
7 - INCOME TAXES (cont d): 

Based
upon the level of historical taxable income and projections for future taxable income over the periods in which the deferred tax assets
are expected to be deductible, management believes it is more likely than not the Company will realize the benefits of these deductible
differences. The amount of the deferred tax asset considered realizable, however, could be reduced in the near term if estimates of future
taxable income are reduced. 

As
of October 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company did t have any unrecognized tax benefits or open tax positions. The Company s practice
is to recognize interest and/or penalties related to income tax matters in income tax expense. As of October 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company
had accrued interest or penalties related to income taxes. The Company currently has no federal or state tax examinations in progress. 

The Company files a U.S. federal income tax
return and California, Colorado, Connecticut, Idaho, Kansas, Michigan, New Jersey, New York, New York City, Virginia, Texas, Rhode Island,
South Carolina, and Oregon state tax returns. The Company s federal income tax return is no longer subject to examination by the
federal taxing authority for years before fiscal 2019. The Company s California, Colorado and New Jersey and Texas income tax returns
are no longer subject to examination by their respective taxing authorities for the years before fiscal 2019. The Company s Oregon,
New York, Kansas, South Carolina, Rhode Island, Connecticut and Michigan income tax returns are no longer subject to examination by their
respective taxing authorities for the years before fiscal 2019. 

As
of October 31, 2022, and 2021, the Company had cumulative net operating loss carryforwards of approximately and respectively,
which begin to expire in 2038. In accordance with Section 382 of the Internal Revenue code, the usage of the Company s net operating
loss carryforwards is subject to an annual limitation of . These net operating loss carryforwards may be further limited in the
event of a change in ownership. 

COFFEE
HOLDING CO., INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 OCTOBER
31, 2022 AND 2021 

NOTE
8 - COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES (cont d): 

The
plaintiff, David Cohen, purporting to represent a class of individuals who purchased coffee products from our customer, generally
allege that the customer sold private label coffee products manufactured by the Company which falsely described the number of cups
of coffee that could be made from the amount of product purchased. The Company is not named as a defendant in the action, but has
agreed to indemnify the customer for the costs and expenses incurred in defending the lawsuit and for any liability the customer may
suffer as a result. The complaint asserts a variety of claims under Massachusetts consumer protection laws, and seeks unspecified
monetary damages as well as other forms of relief including class certification, declaratory and injunctive relief, attorneys 
fees, and interest. The Company believes the allegations in the complaint are wholly without merit and that the claims asserted are
legally deficient, and intends to vigorously support the customer in defending the action. On February 28, 2022, the Company and the
plaintiff, in his individual capacity and not on behalf of a presumptive class, resolved the matter in principle and have reported
the agreement in principle to the Massachusetts District Court. After the end of the period, the parties finalized the details of a
settlement agreement. The final settlement amount was immaterial to the Company s operations and results of
operations. 

.
Contributions to the plan aggregated 
 and 
 for the years ended October 31, 2022 and 2021,
respectively. 

Current lease liability 

Non-current lease liability 

Total lease liability 

The
amortization of the right-of-use asset for the years ended October 31, 2022 and 2021 was and , respectively. 

Weighted average discount rate 

COFFEE
HOLDING CO., INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 OCTOBER
31, 2022 AND 2021 

NOTE
9 LEASES (cont d): 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Total lease payments 

Less: imputed interest 

Present value of operating lease liabilities 

The
aggregate cash payments under these leasing agreements was and for the years ended October 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

In
June 2021, the Company purchased a facility in Colorado for that it was previously leasing. On the date of purchase, the Company
wrote off the carrying value of the right-of-use asset and lease liability associated with this facility of . 

In
September 2021, the Company extended its headquarters lease in Staten Island, New York through September 2036. As a result, on the date
of the modification the Company increased its right-of-use asset and lease liability by . 

partner in Generation Coffee Company, LLC as an outside contractor (the Partner ). Included
in contract labor expense, which is a component of cost of sales, are expenses incurred from the Partner during the years ended October
31, 2022 and 2021 of and , respectively. 

An
employee of one of the top two vendors is a director of the Company. Purchases from that vendor totaled approximately for
the year ended October 31, 2021. This director retired from this vendor. The corresponding accounts payable balance to this vendor was
approximately at October 31, 2021. 

In
January 2005, the Company established the Coffee Holding Co., Inc. Non-Qualified Deferred Compensation Plan. Currently,
there is only one participant in the plan: Andrew Gordon, the CEO. The deferred compensation payable represents the liability due to
this employee of the Company upon his retirement. The deferred compensation liability at October 31, 2022 and 2021 was and ,
respectively. Deferred compensation expenses included in officers salaries were during the years ended October 31, 2022 and
2021, respectively as no amounts were contributed to this plan during the years ended October 31, 2022 and 2021. 

stock options to employees, officers and non-employee directors from the 2013 Plan each with an exercise price
 of . Options granted under the 2013 Plan may be Incentive Stock Options or Nonqualified Stock Options, as determined by the
 Administrator at the time of grant. No options were granted, forfeited or expired during the years ended October 31, 2022 and 2021.
 As of October 31, 2022 and October 31, 2021, and options were exercisable, respectively. 

The
Company recorded and of stock-based compensation during the years ended October 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Stock
compensation was fully recognized during the year ended October 31, 2022. 

F- 22 

<EX-4.2>
 2
 ex4-2.htm

EXHIBIT
 4.2 

DESCRIPTION
OF CAPITAL STOCK 

The
following is a summary of all material characteristics of our capital stock as set forth in our articles of incorporation and bylaws.
The summary does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to our articles of incorporation and bylaws
and applicable provisions of the Nevada Revised Statutes, as amended NRS ). 

Common
Stock 

We
are authorized to issue 30,000,000 shares of common stock with a par value of 0.001 per share. As of January 25, 2023, there were 5,708,599
shares of common stock issued and outstanding. 

The
following summary of the terms of our common stock is subject to and qualified in its entirety by reference to our articles of incorporation
and bylaws, copies of which are on file with the SEC as exhibits to previous SEC filings. 

Voting
Rights 

Each
outstanding share of common stock is entitled to one vote on all matters submitted to a vote of stockholders. There are no cumulative
voting rights. Removal of directors requires the vote, in addition to any vote required by law, of not less than eighty percent (80 of the total votes eligible to be cast by the holders of all outstanding shares of capital stock entitled to vote generally in the election
of directors at a meeting of stockholders expressly called for that purpose. The approval of the holders of at least eighty percent (80 of the outstanding shares of voting stock of the Corporation is required in connection with certain Business Combinations 
with an Interested Stockholder, as defined in the NRS, after the expiration of three years after the date the person becomes an Interested
stockholder, except in cases where the proposed Business Combination has been approved in advance by a majority of those members of the
board of directors who are unaffiliated with the Interested Stockholder and who were directors prior to the time when the Interested
Stockholder became an Interested Stockholder. Any alteration, amendment, repeal or rescission of any provision of our articles of incorporation
must be approved by the affirmative vote of the holders of at least eighty percent (80 of the total votes eligible to be cast by the
holders of all outstanding shares of capital stock entitled to vote thereon; provided, however, if a majority of the board of directors
recommends the change, then such change shall only require the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the total votes eligible
to be cast by the holders of all outstanding shares of Capital Stock entitled to vote thereon. Any bylaw may be altered, amended, rescinded,
or repealed by the holders of eighty percent (80 of the shares of capital stock entitled to vote thereon at any annual meeting or at
any special meeting called for that purpose. Notwithstanding the foregoing, any provision of the bylaws that contains a supermajority
voting requirement shall only be altered, amended, rescinded, or repealed by a vote of the board of directors or holders of shares of
capital stock entitled to vote thereon that is not less than the supermajority specified in such provision. 

Dividends 

Each
stockholder is entitled to receive the dividends as may be declared by our board of directors out of funds legally available for dividends
and, in the event of liquidation, to share pro rata in any distribution of our assets after payment of liabilities. Our board of directors
is not obligated to declare a dividend. Any future dividends will be subject to the discretion of our board of directors and will depend
upon, among other things, future earnings, the operating and financial condition of our company, its capital requirements, general business
conditions and other pertinent factors. 

Other
Rights 

Upon
liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the corporation, the holders of common stock are entitled to share ratably in all net assets
available for distribution to stockholders after payment to creditors. Our common stock is not convertible or redeemable and has no preemptive,
subscription or conversion rights. There is no conversion, redemption, sinking fund or similar provisions regarding our common stock. 

Transfer
Agent 

The
transfer agent and registrar for our Common Stock is Direct Transfer LLC. Its address is 500 Perimeter Park Drive, Suite D, Morrisville,
North Carolina 27560 and its telephone number is (919) 481-4000. The transfer agent and registrar for any series or class of preferred
stock will be set forth in the applicable prospectus supplement. 

Preferred
Stock 

We
are authorized to issue up to 10,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value 0.001 per share, with such designations, rights, and preferences
as may be determined from time to time by our board of directors. Accordingly, our board of directors is empowered, without stockholder
approval, to issue preferred stock with dividend, liquidation, conversion, voting, or other rights that could adversely affect the voting
power or other rights of the holders of our common stock. The issuance of preferred stock could have the effect of restricting dividends
on our common stock (if any are declared), diluting the voting power of our common stock, impairing the liquidation rights of our common
stock, or delaying or preventing a change in control of our company, all without further action by our stockholders. As of the date of
this Annual Report on Form 10-K, no shares of our preferred stock were outstanding. 

Stock
Options 

We
had issued and outstanding options to purchase up to 1,000,000 shares of common stock, exercisable at 5.43 per share. 

Anti-Takeover
Effects of Certain Provisions of Nevada Law and Our Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws 

Our
articles of incorporation and bylaws contain a number of provisions that could make our acquisition by means of a tender or exchange
offer, a proxy contest or otherwise more difficult. Certain of these provisions are summarized below. 

Classified
Board of Directors 

Pursuant
to our articles of incorporation, the directors constituting our board of directors are classified, with respect to the time for which
they severally hold office, into three classes as nearly equal in number as possible. At each annual meeting of stockholders, the successors
of the class of directors whose term expires at that meeting are elected to hold office for a term expiring at the annual meeting of
stockholders held in the third year following the year of their election. The articles of incorporation do provide, however, that directors
may be removed at any time upon the approval of eighty percent (80 of the total votes eligible to be cast by the holders of all outstanding
shares of capital stock entitled to vote at a meeting expressly called by stockholders for such purpose. 

Our
classified board of directors may have an anti-takeover effect of making more difficult and discouraging a takeover attempt, merger,
tender offer, or proxy fight. Additionally, our classified board of directors extends the time it would take for holders of a majority
of our shares to remove incumbent management to obtain control of the board of directors. That is, as a general matter a majority shareholder
could not obtain control of the board of directors until the second annual shareholder s meeting after it acquired a majority of
the voting stock. Our classified board of directors may have the effect of making it more difficult for stockholders to remove our existing
management. 

Special
Meetings 

Our
articles of incorporation provide that special meetings of our stockholders may, unless otherwise prescribed by law, be called only by
resolution of a majority of the directors of the board then in office, by resolution of a majority of the disinterested directors then
in office, or upon written application, by stockholders holding at least 80 of the capital stock entitled to vote at the meeting. Our
stockholders are not permitted to act by written consent pursuant to our articles of incorporation. 

Business
Combinations Act 

The
Business Combinations Act, Sections 78.411 to 78.444 of the NRS, restricts the ability of a Nevada resident domestic corporation 
having at least 200 stockholders of record to engage in any combination with an interested stockholder for
two (2) years after the date that the person first became an interested stockholder, unless the combination meets all of the requirements
of the articles of incorporation of the resident domestic corporation and (i) the purchase of shares by the interested stockholder is
approved by the board of directors before that date or (ii) the combination is approved by the board of directors of the resident domestic
corporation and, at or after that time, the combination is approved at an annual or special meeting of the stockholders of the resident
domestic corporation, and not by written consent, by the affirmative vote of the holders of stock representing at least sixty percent
(60 of the outstanding voting power of the resident domestic corporation not beneficially owned by the interested stockholder or the
affiliates or associates of the interested stockholder. 

If
this approval is not obtained, then after the expiration of the two (2) year period, the business combination may still not be consummated
unless it is a combination meeting all of the requirements of the articles of incorporation of the resident domestic corporation and
either the fair price requirements specified in NRS 78.441 to 78.444, inclusive are satisfied or the combination is (a)
a combination or transaction by which the person first became an interested stockholder is approved by the board of directors of the
resident domestic corporation before the person first became an interested stockholder, or (b) a combination approved by a majority of
the outstanding voting power of the resident domestic corporation not beneficially owned by the interested stockholder, or any affiliate
or associate of the interested stockholder. 

Interested
stockholder means any person, other than the resident domestic corporation or its subsidiaries, who is (a) the beneficial owner,
directly or indirectly, of 10 or more of the voting power of the outstanding voting shares of the resident domestic corporation or (b)
an affiliate or associate of the resident domestic corporation and at any time within two years immediately before the date in question
was the beneficial owner, directly or indirectly, of 10 or more of the voting power of the then outstanding shares of the resident domestic
corporation. 

A
 combination is broadly defined and includes, for example, any merger or consolidation of a corporation or any of its subsidiaries
with (i) an interested stockholder or (ii) any other entity that after and as a result of the merger or consolidation would be an affiliate
or associate of the interested stockholder; or any sale, lease, exchange, pledge, transfer or other disposition of assets of the corporation,
in one transaction or a series of transactions, to or with an interested stockholder having: (x) an aggregate market value equal to more
than 5 of the aggregate market value of the assets of a corporation, (y) an aggregate market value equal to more than 5 of the aggregate
market value of all outstanding voting shares of a corporation, or (z) representing more than 10 of the earning power or net income
of a corporation. 

The
provisions of Nevada law, our articles of incorporation and our bylaws could have the effect of discouraging others from attempting hostile
takeovers and, as a consequence, they may also inhibit temporary fluctuations in the market price of our common stock that often result
from actual or rumored hostile takeover attempts. These provisions may also have the effect of preventing changes in our management.
It is possible that these provisions could make it more difficult to accomplish transactions that stockholders may otherwise deem to
be in their best interests. 

Limitations
of Director Liability and Indemnification of Directors, Officers and Employees 

Neither
our articles of incorporation nor bylaws prevent us from indemnifying our officers, directors and agents to the extent permitted under
the NRS. NRS Section 78.7502, provides that a corporation shall indemnify any director, officer, employee or agent of a corporation against
expenses, including attorneys fees, actually and reasonably incurred by him in connection with any defense to the extent that
a director, officer, employee or agent of a corporation has been successful on the merits or otherwise in defense of any action, suit
or proceeding referred to Section 78.7502(1) or 78.7502(2), or in defense of any claim, issue or matter therein. NRS 78.7502(1) provides
that a corporation may indemnify any person who was or is a party or is threatened to be made a party to any threatened, pending or completed
action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative, except an action by or in the right of the corporation,
by reason of the fact that he is or was a director, officer, employee or agent of the corporation, or is or was serving at the request
of the corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise,
against expenses, including attorneys fees, judgments, fines and amounts paid in settlement actually and reasonably incurred by
him in connection with the action, suit or proceeding if he: (a) is not liable pursuant to NRS 78.138; or (b) acted in good faith and
in a manner which he reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the corporation, and, with respect to any criminal
action or proceeding, had no reasonable cause to believe his conduct was unlawful. 

NRS
Section 78.7502(2) provides that a corporation may indemnify any person who was or is a party or is threatened to be made a party to
any threatened, pending or completed action or suit by or in the right of the corporation to procure a judgment in its favor by reason
of the fact that he is or was a director, officer, employee or agent of the corporation, or is or was serving at the request of the corporation
as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise against expenses,
including amounts paid in settlement and attorneys fees actually and reasonably incurred by him in connection with the defense
or settlement of the action or suit if he: (a) is not liable pursuant to NRS 78.138; or (b) acted in good faith and in a manner which
he reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the corporation. 

</EX-4.2>

<EX-10.27>
 3
 ex10-27.htm

EXHIBIT
10.27 

EIGHTH
LOAN MODIFICATION AGREEMENT 

THIS
EIGHTH LOAN MODIFICATION AGREEMENT (this Modification dated as of June 28, 2022, is by and among ORGANIC PRODUCTS
TRADING COMPANY LLC, a Delaware limited liability company and COFFEE HOLDING CO., INC., a Nevada corporation (collectively, the Borrowers ),
the Guarantors identified on the signatures pages hereto and WEBSTER BANK, a national banking association, successor by merger to Sterling
National Bank (the Bank or the Lender ). 

W
I T N E S S E T H: 

WHEREAS,
the Borrowers, the Guarantors and the Bank entered into that certain Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement dated as of April
25, 2017, as amended by (a) a certain letter agreement dated November 21, 2017, (b) a certain Loan Modification Agreement dated as of
February 28, 2018, (c) a certain Loan Modification Agreement and Waiver dated as of March 23, 2018, (d) a certain Loan Modification Agreement
and Waiver dated August 23, 2018, effective as of July 1, 2018 (e) a certain Fifth Loan Modification Agreement dated September 14, 2018,
(f) a certain Sixth Loan Modification Agreement dated as of March 13, 2019 and (g) a certain Seventh Loan Modification Agreement dated
March 16, 2022 (collectively, the Loan Agreement ), for the purposes and consideration therein expressed, pursuant
to which the Bank became obligated to make Loans to the Borrowers as provided therein; and 

WHEREAS,
the Borrowers have requested and the Bank has agreed to amend the Loan Agreement as provided herein. 

NOW,
THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and the mutual covenants and agreements contained herein and in the Loan Agreement, in consideration
of the Loans which may hereafter be made by the Bank to the Borrowers, and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and
sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto do hereby agree as follows: 

ARTICLE
I 

 Definitions 

Section
1.1 Terms Defined in the Loan Agreement . Unless the context otherwise requires or unless otherwise expressly defined herein, the
terms defined in the Loan Agreement shall have the same meanings whenever used in this Modification. 

ARTICLE
II 

 Modification
to the Loan Agreement 

Section
2.1 Modification . The Loan Agreement is hereby amended to delete the stricken text (indicated textually in the same manner as
the following example: stricken text and to add the double-underlined text (indicated
textually in the same manner as the following example: double-underlined
text as set forth in the pages attached as Exhibit A hereto. 

 ARTICLE
III 

 Conditions
of Effectiveness 

Section
3.1 Effective Time . This Modification shall become effective as of the date first above written once the following conditions
precedent have been satisfied in full (the Effective Time ): 

(a)
 Bank shall have received, at Bank s
office, a duly executed counterpart of this Modification from each Borrower and Guarantor. 

(b)
 Bank shall have received a certificate
of an officer of each Borrower and each Guarantor certifying (i) that attached thereto is a true and complete copy of resolutions duly
adopted by the board of directors of such Person authorizing a specified officer or officers to execute, deliver and perform this Modification
and the other Loan Documents to which such Person is a party and any certificate, notice or document related thereto and the borrowings
under the Loan Agreement, as amended, and that such resolutions have not been modified, rescinded or amended and are in full force and
effect on the date of this Modification, (ii) as to the fact that the certificate of incorporation and by-laws of such Person attached
to such certificate are true and correct copies of such documents and are in full force and effect, and (iii) setting forth the names,
titles and sample signatures of each of the officers and agents of such Person authorized to execute and deliver this Modification and
all other documents, agreements and certificates on behalf of such Person. 

(c)
 Borrowers shall have paid an amendment
fee in an amount equal to 14,000. Borrowers acknowledge that the amendment fee shall be fully earned upon execution and delivery of
this Modification and shall be non-refundable. 

(d)
 Bank shall have received any and
all other documents, instruments, writings, agreements, and information as Agent may reasonably request and which have been identified
to Agent at least three (3) Business Days prior to the date hereof. 

(e)
 No Default or Event of Default
shall have occurred and be continuing. 

ARTICLE
IV 

 Representations
and Warranties 

Section
4.1 Representations and Warranties of Borrower and Guarantor . In order to induce Bank to enter into this Modification, Borrowers
and Guarantors hereby represent and warrant to Bank that: 

(f)
 The representations and warranties
contained in the Loan Agreement are true and correct in all material respects at and as of the Effective Time; provided , however ,
those representations and warranties containing a reference to a particular date shall continue to be qualified by reference to such
date; 

(g)
 The Borrowers and Guarantors are
duly authorized to execute and deliver this Modification and are duly authorized to borrow and perform their obligations under the Loan
Agreement and the other Loan Documents. The Borrowers and Guarantors have duly taken all corporate action necessary to authorize the
execution and delivery of this Modification and to authorize the performance of the obligations of Borrowers and Guarantors hereunder; 

(h)
 The execution and delivery by the
Borrowers and Guarantors of this Modification, the performance by the Borrowers and Guarantors of their obligations hereunder and thereunder
and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby do not and will not conflict with, violate or constitute a breach
or default under (i) any provision of applicable law applicable to it or any of its Subsidiaries, (ii) its organizational documents,
(iii) any agreement or instrument to which it is a party or which is otherwise binding upon it, or (iv) any material judgment, license,
order or permit applicable to or binding upon it; 

Eighth Loan Modification Agreement Page 2 

(i)
 Except for those which have been
duly obtained, no consent, approval, exemption, authorization or other action by, notice to, or filing with any governmental authority
or third party is required in connection with the execution and delivery by the Borrowers and Guarantors of this Modification or to consummate
the transactions contemplated hereby; 

(j)
 When duly executed and delivered,
this Modification will constitute the legal, valid and binding obligation of the Borrowers and Guarantors, enforceable in accordance
with its terms, except as limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or similar laws relating to enforcement of creditors 
rights; and 

(k)
 No Default or Event of Default
exists under the Loan Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents. 

ARTICLE
V 

 Miscellaneous 

Section
5.1 Ratification of Agreement . 

(a)
The Loan Agreement as hereby amended is hereby ratified and confirmed in all respects. Any reference to the Loan Agreement in any Loan
Document shall be deemed to refer to the Loan Agreement, as amended by this Modification. The execution, delivery and effectiveness of
this Modification shall not operate as a waiver of any Default or Event of Default, or of any right, power or remedy of Bank under the
Loan Agreement or any other Loan Document nor constitute a waiver of any provision of the Loan Agreement or any other Loan Document. 

(b)
By signing in the space provided below, each Guarantor hereby ratifies in all respects such Guarantor s separate Guaranty Agreement
and confirms such Guaranty Agreement remains in full force and effect. 

Section
5.2 Survival of Agreements . All representations, warranties, covenants and agreements of the Borrowers and Guarantors herein shall
survive the execution and delivery of this Modification and the performance hereof, and shall further survive until all of the Obligations
are paid in full. All statements and agreements contained in any certificate or instrument delivered by the Borrowers and Guarantors
hereunder or under the Loan Agreement or the Guaranty to Bank shall be deemed to constitute representations and warranties by, or agreements
and covenants of, the Borrowers and Guarantors under this Modification and under the Loan Agreement and Guaranty. 

Section
5.3 Loan Document . This Modification is a Loan Document, and all provisions in the Loan Agreement pertaining to Loan Documents
apply hereto. 

Section
5.4 Governing Law . THIS MODIFICATION HAS BEEN EXECUTED OR COMPLETED AND/OR IS TO BE PERFORMED IN NEW YORK, AND IT AND ALL TRANSACTIONS
HEREUNDER OR PURSUANT HERETO SHALL BE GOVERNED AS TO INTERPRETATION, VALIDITY, EFFECT, RIGHTS, DUTIES AND REMEDIES OF THE PARTIES HEREUNDER
AND IN ALL RESPECTS BY THE LAWS OF NEW YORK, WITHOUT GIVING EFFECT TO THE CONFLICTS OF LAWS PRINCIPLES THEREOF, BUT INCLUDING SECTIONS
5-1401 AND 5-1402 OF THE GENERAL OBLIGATIONS LAW. 

Eighth Loan Modification Agreement Page 3 

Section
5.5 Counterparts; Fax . This Modification may be executed in any number of counterparts and signature pages may be detached from
multiple separate counterparts and attached to the same document. A telecopy or other electronic transmission of any such executed counterpart
signature page shall be deemed valid as an original. 

Section
5.6 References . All references in the Loan Agreement to this Agreement shall be deemed to refer to the Loan Agreement
as amended hereby; and any and all references in the Loan Documents to the Loan Agreement shall be deemed to refer to the Loan Agreement
as amended hereby. 

Section
5.7 Costs and Expenses . Borrowers hereby reaffirm their agreement under the Loan Agreement to pay or reimburse Bank on demand
for all reasonable costs and expenses incurred by Bank in connection with the Loan Documents, including without limitation all reasonable
fees and disbursements of legal counsel. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, Borrowers specifically agree to pay all reasonable
fees and disbursements of counsel to Bank for the services performed by such counsel in connection with the preparation of this Modification
and the documents and instruments incidental hereto. Borrowers hereby agree that Bank may, at any time or from time to time in its sole
discretion and without further authorization by Borrowers, make a loan to Borrowers under the Loan Agreement, or apply the proceeds of
any loan, for the purpose of paying any such fees, disbursements, costs and expenses. 

THIS
MODIFICATION AND THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS REPRESENT THE FINAL AGREEMENT BETWEEN THE PARTIES AND MAY NOT BE CONTRADICTED BY EVIDENCE OF
PRIOR, CONTEMPORANEOUS, OR SUBSEQUENT ORAL AGREEMENTS OF THE PARTIES. 

THERE
ARE NO UNWRITTEN ORAL AGREEMENTS BETWEEN THE PARTIES. 

[The
Remainder of this Page is Intentionally Left Blank] 

Eighth Loan Modification Agreement Page 4 

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, this Modification is executed as of the date first above written. 

BORROWERS : 

ORGANIC PRODUCTS TRADING COMPANY LLC 

By: 
 /s/
 Andrew Gordon 

Andrew
 Gordon, Manager 

COFFEE HOLDING CO., INC. 

By: 
 /s/
 Andrew Gordon 

Andrew
 Gordon, Manager 

BANK/LENDER : 

WEBSTER BANK 

By: 
 /s/
 Mark J. Long 

Mark
 J. Long, Managing Director 

[Signatures
Continued On Next Page] 

Agreed and acknowledged: 

SONOFRESCO, LLC, Guarantor 

By: 
 /s/
 Andrew Gordon 

Name: 
 Andrew
 Gordon 

Title: 
 Manager 

COMFORT FOODS, INC., Guarantor 

By: 
 /s/
 Andrew Gordon 

Name: 
 Andrew
 Gordon 

Title: 
 Manager 

GENERATIONS COFFEE COMPANY, LLC, Guarantor 

By: 
 /s/
 Andrew Gordon 

Name:
 
 Andrew
 Gordon 

Title:
 
 President 

Validity Guarantors: 

/s/
 Andrew Gordon 

Andrew Gordon 

/s/
 David Gordon 

David Gordon 

Exhibit
A to Eighth Loan Modification Agreement 

AMENDED
AND RESTATED 

LOAN
AND SECURITY AGREEMENT 

by
and between 

WEBSTER
BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION 

 Successor
by merger to Sterling National Bank 

and 

COFFEE
HOLDING CO., INC. and 

ORGANIC
PRODUCTS TRADING COMPANY LLC 

(AS
CO- BORROWERs) 

DATED:
April 25, 2017 

Table
of Contents 

1. 
 THE LOANS 
 2 

1.1 
 Loans 
 2 

1.2 
 Revolving Loan Account 
 3 

1.3 
 Interest 
 3 

1.4 
 Maturity Date 
 4 5 

1.5 
 Other Obligations Due
 at Maturity 
 4 5 

1.6 
 Monthly Statement and
 Automatic Charges 
 4 5 

1.7 
 Fees 
 5 

1.8 
 Computations of Interest
 and Fees 
 5 

1.9 
 Increased Costs; Capital
 Requirements 
 5 

1.10 
 Taxes 
 6 

1.11 
 Initial Conditions to
 Credit Extensions 
 6 7 

1.12 
 Subsequent Conditions
 to Credit Extensions 
 7 

1.13 
 Letters of Credit 
 7 8 

1.14 
 Restatement of Revolving
 Credit Facility 
 9 10 

1.15 
 Benchmark
 Replacement Settings. 
 10 

2. 
 GRANT OF SECURITY INTEREST AND COLLATERAL MATTERS 
 9 12 

2.1 
 Grant of Security Interest 
 9 12 

2.2 
 Borrowing Base 
 10 12 

2.3 
 Allowances 
 10 12 

2.4 
 Records 
 10 12 

2.5 
 Legends 
 10 12 

2.6 
 Inspection 
 10 12 

2.7 
 Purchase Money Security
 Interests 
 11 13 

- i - 

2.8 
 Search Reports
 and Credit Reports 
 11 13 

2.9 
 Further Assurances 
 11 13 

2.10 
 Subordination 
 12 14 

3. 
 REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 
 12 14 

3.1 
 Organization and Qualification 
 12 14 

3.2 
 Authorization; Enforceability 
 12 14 

3.3 
 Subsidiaries 
 13 15 

3.4 
 Title to Properties; Absence
 of Liens and Claims 
 13 15 

3.5 
 Places of Business 
 13 15 

3.6 
 Validity and Perfection
 of Security Interest 
 13 15 

3.7 
 Governmental Approvals;
 No Conflicts 
 13 15 

3.8 
 Permits 
 14 16 

3.9 
 Litigation and Environmental
 Matters 
 14 16 

3.10 
 Investment Company Status 
 14 16 

3.11 
 Compliance with Law and
 Agreements 
 14 16 

3.12 
 Financial Statements 
 14 17 

3.13 
 Accounts and Contract
 Rights 
 15 17 

3.14 
 Title to Collateral 
 15 17 

3.15 
 Location of Collateral 
 15 17 

3.16 
 Loan Party Taxes 
 15 17 

3.17 
 Federal Reserve Regulations 
 15 17 

3.18 
 Labor Matters 
 15 18 

3.19 
 Insurance 
 16 18 

3.20 
 Solvency 
 16 18 

3.21 
 Disclosure 
 16 18 

- ii - 

3.22 
 ERISA 
 16 18 

3.23 
 Cross-Collateralization
 and Cross-Default 
 17 19 

3.24 
 Annex 3 Representations 
 17 19 

4. 
 AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS 
 17 19 

4.1 
 Payments and Performance 
 17 20 

4.2 
 Books and Records; Inspection 
 18 20 

4.3 
 Financial Statements and
 Reporting 
 18 20 

4.4 
 Maintenance of Existence;
 Conduct of Business 
 18 20 

4.5 
 Compliance with Law 
 18 20 

4.6 
 Notice to Account Debtors 
 18 20 

4.7 
 Solvency 
 18 20 

4.8 
 Operating and Deposit
 Accounts 
 18 21 

4.9 
 Payment of Loan Party
 Taxes, Accounts Payable and Other Obligations 
 19 21 

4.10 
 Maintenance of Collateral 
 19 21 

4.11 
 Insurance 
 19 21 

4.12 
 Notification of Material
 Events 
 19 22 

4.13 
 Lien Law 
 20 22 

4.14 
 Environmental 
 20 22 

4.15 
 Third Parties 
 21 23 

4.16 
 Use of Proceeds 
 21 23 

4.17 
 Collections; Remote Deposit
 Service 
 21 23 

5. 
 NEGATIVE COVENANTS 
 22 24 

5.1 
 Financial Covenants 
 22 24 

5.2 
 Indebtedness 
 22 24 

5.3 
 Liens 
 22 24 

- iii - 

5.4 
 Fundamental
 Changes 
 22 24 

5.5 
 Investments, Loans, Advances,
 Guarantees and Acquisitions 
 23 25 

5.6 
 Asset Sales 
 23 25 

5.7 
 Sale-and-Leaseback transactions 
 24 26 

5.8 
 Restricted Payments 
 24 26 

5.9 
 Transactions with Affiliates 
 24 26 

5.10 
 Restrictive Agreements 
 24 26 

5.11 
 Amendment of Material
 Documents 
 24 26 

5.12 
 Lines of Business 
 25 27 

5.13 
 Accounting Changes 
 25 27 

5.14 
 Hedging Agreements 
 25 27 

6. 
 DEFAULT 
 25 27 

6.1 
 Default 
 25 27 

6.2 
 Acceleration 
 27 30 

6.3 
 Power of Attorney 
 29 31 

6.4 
 Nonexclusive Remedies 
 30 32 

6.5 
 Reassignment to Loan Party 
 30 32 

7. 
 MISCELLANEOUS 
 30 32 

7.1 
 Waivers 
 30 32 

7.2 
 Severability 
 30 32 

7.3 
 Deposit Collateral 
 30 32 

7.4 
 Indemnification 
 30 32 

7.5 
 Costs and Expenses 
 31 33 

7.6 
 Counterparts 
 31 33 

7.7 
 Complete Agreement 
 31 33 

- iv - 

7.8 
 Binding Effect
 of Agreement 
 31 33 

7.9 
 Amendments and Waivers 
 31 33 

7.10 
 Additional Lender 
 32 34 

7.11 
 Terms of Agreement 
 32 34 

7.12 
 Notices 
 32 34 

7.13 
 Governing Law 
 34 35 

7.14 
 Reproductions; Disclosures 
 34 36 

7.15 
 Completing and Correcting
 this Agreement 
 34 36 

7.16 
 ADDITIONAL WAIVERS 
 34 36 

7.17 
 Jurisdiction and Venue 
 34 36 

7.18 
 JURY WAIVER 
 34 36 

7.19 
 Joint and Several 
 35 37 

7.20 
 Construction 
 35 37 

7.21 
 USA PATRIOT Act Notice 
 35 37 

7.22 
 Foreign Asset Control
 Regulations 
 35 37 

7.23 
 Electronic Execution of
 Documents 
 36 38 

7.24 
 Application of Funds 
 36 38 

ANNEXES 

Annex
 1 - Definitions 
 A1-1
 through A1-16 

Annex
 2 - Schedule of Facility Information 
 A2-1
 through A2-8 

Annex
 3 - Schedule of Borrower Information and Related Matters 
 A3-1
 through A3-3 

EXHIBITS 

A
 Form of Borrowing Base Certificate 
 E1
 through E-3 

- v - 

AMENDED
AND RESTATED 

LOAN
AND SECURITY AGREEMENT 

This
 AMENDED AND RESTATED LOAN AND SECURITY AGREEMENT (this Agreement is entered into at New York, New York,
as of April 25, 2017, by and among COFFEE HOLDING CO., INC. Coffee Holding ), a Nevada corporation, and ORGANIC
PRODUCTS TRADING COMPANY LLC Organic Products ), a Delaware limited liability company, each with its principal
and executive offices located at 3475 Victory Boulevard, Staten Island, New York 10314 collectively
and individually, and jointly and severally, Borrower(s) or Loan Party(ies) or Entity
Loan Party(ies) and STERLING NATIONAL BANK , WEBSTER
BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION , successor by merger to Sterling National Bank, a national banking association, with
an address of 400 Rella Boulevard, Montebello, New York 10901-4256, and with another office located
at 500 Seventh 360 Lexington Avenue ,
5 th Floor , New York, New York 10018 10017
 (the Bank or Lender ); 

WHEREAS,
Coffee Holding and Organic Products executed and delivered to the Bank various loan documents (the Existing Loan Documents ),
pursuant to which the Bank extended to such Borrowers two revolving credit facilities (the Initial Loan Facilities ),
and the Bank has made extensions of credit under the Initial Loan Facilities; and 

WHEREAS,
Coffee Holding has requested that the Bank consent to the (i) formation of Sonofresco, LLC, as a wholly owned Subsidiary thereof, and
the acquisition of the assets of Coffee Kinetics, LLC by Sonofresco, LLC and (ii) stock acquisition by Coffee Holding of Comfort Foods,
Inc. Comfort ); and 

WHEREAS,
it has been determined that the Initial Loan Facilities should be amended and restated to address the restructuring of the Initial Loan
Facilities to provide for, inter alia , the addition of Sonofresco and Comfort as Guarantors, the consolidation of the Initial
Loan Facilities and to re-evidence the Obligations under, and as defined in, the Existing Loan Documents, which shall be
repayable in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, and the restatement of the terms and conditions of the Initial Loan Facilities;
and 

WHEREAS,
it is the intent of the parties hereto that this Agreement not constitute a novation of the obligations and liabilities of the parties
under the Existing Loan Documents or be deemed to evidence or constitute full repayment of such obligations and liabilities, but that
this Agreement and Loan Documents amend and restate in its entirety the Existing Loan Documents; and 

WHEREAS,
it is also the intent of the parties to confirm that (i) all obligations under the Loan Documents (as referred to and defined
in the Existing Loan Documents) shall continue in full force and effect as modified and/or restated by the Loan Documents (as referred
to and defined herein), (ii) all Liens and security interests granted by the Loan Parties to secure such obligations are in all respects
continuing in full force and effect and (iii) from and after the Closing Date, all references to the Loan Agreement or
 Agreement contained in any such existing Loan Documents shall be deemed to refer to this Agreement. 

NOW
THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing premises and for other good and valuable consideration, including the granting by the Bank
of financial accommodations to or for the benefit of the Borrowers, the Borrowers represent and agree with the Bank, as of the date hereof
and as of the date of each loan, credit and/or other financial accommodation, as follows: 

1. THE
LOANS 

1.1 Loans. 

(a) Revolving
 Loans . Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents,
 during the term of this Agreement, the Bank, absent the occurrence of a Default or an Event
 of Default, may make revolving loans to the Borrowers (the Revolving Loans in an amount not to exceed the lesser of the Borrowing Base and the Maximum Facility Amount,
 except as such amount may be increased or decreased by Bank, in its sole discretion (the
 Revolving Credit Facility ). Within the foregoing limits and subject
 to the terms and conditions set forth herein, the Borrowers may borrow, repay and re-borrow
 Revolving Loans. 

A
request for a Revolving Loan shall be made or shall be deemed to be made, each in the following manner: Unless otherwise agreed by Lender,
each request for a Loan shall be irrevocable. The Borrower shall give the Bank same-day notice, no later than 11:00 A.M. (New York time)
on any Business Day, of its request for a Revolving Loan, in which notice the Borrower shall specify the amount of the proposed Revolving
Loan and the proposed borrowing date, which must be a Business Day; provided, however, that no such request may be made at a time when
there exists a Default or an Event of Default. Each check presented for payment against the Borrower s controlled disbursement
account, if any, at Bank and any other charge or request for payment against such controlled disbursement account shall constitute a
request for a Revolving Loan. As an accommodation to the Borrower, the Bank may permit telephone requests for Revolving Loans and electronic
transmittal of instructions, authorizations, agreements or reports to the Bank by the Borrower. Unless the Borrower specifically directs
the Bank in writing not to accept or act upon telephonic or electronic communications from the Borrower, the Bank shall have no liability
to the Borrower for any loss or damage suffered by the Borrower as result of the Bank s honoring of any requests, execution of
any instructions, authorizations or agreements or reliance on any reports communicated to it telephonically or electronically and purporting
to have been sent to the Bank by the Borrower and the Bank shall have no duty to verify the origin of any such communications or the
authority of the Person sending it. 

The
Borrower hereby irrevocably authorizes the Bank to disburse the proceeds of each Revolving Loan requested by the Borrower as follows:
the proceeds of each Revolving Loan requested under Section 1(a) shall be disbursed by Bank in lawful money of the United States
of America in immediately available funds, in the case of the initial borrowing, in accordance with the terms of the written disbursement
letter from Borrower, and in the case of each subsequent borrowing, by credit to any account of Borrower at Bank or by wire transfer
or Automated Clearing House (ACH) transfer to such bank accounts as may be agreed upon by the Borrower and the Bank from time to time,
or elsewhere if pursuant to a written direction from the Borrower. 

- 2 - 

(b) Sub-Limits .
 Within the Revolving Credit Facility and the Maximum Facility Amount (as defined in Annex
 2 there shall be the following sublimits: 

1. [Reserved]. 

(c) Sonofresco,
 LLC . The Bank hereby consents to the June 23, 2016 formation of Sonofresco, LLC, as a
 wholly owned Subsidiary of Coffee Holding, and to the June 29, 2016 acquisition of the assets
 of Coffee Kinetics, LLC by Sonofresco, LLC pursuant to that certain Asset Purchase and Sale
 Agreement between Coffee Kinetics, LLC (as Seller) and Sonofresco, LLC (as Buyer) dated June
 23, 2016. 

(d) Comfort
 Foods, Inc . The Bank hereby consents to the acquisition of the stock of Comfort Foods,
 Inc. by Coffee Holding pursuant to that certain Stock Purchase Agreement among Stephen J.
 Beattie and Victor Janovich (as Sellers), Comfort Foods, Inc. and Coffee Holding (as Buyer)
 dated ___________ 2017. 

1.2 Revolving
Loan Account. An account of the Borrowers shall be opened on the books of Bank in which account (the Revolving Loan Account a record will be kept of all Revolving Loans to the Borrowers, and all payments thereon and other appropriate debits and credits as provided
by this Agreement. No failure of the Bank to make, and no error by the Bank in making, any entry in such books will affect the Borrowers 
obligation to repay the full principal amount advanced by the Bank to or for the account of the Borrowers or the Borrowers obligation
to pay interest thereon at the agreed upon rate. 

1.3 Interest. 

(a) Rate .
 All Loans and the outstanding amount of all other Obligations shall bear interest, in the
 case of Loans, on the unpaid principal amount thereof from the date such Loans are made and,
 in the case of such other Obligations, from the date such other Obligations are due and payable
 until, in all cases, paid in full, except as otherwise provided in clause (c) below,
 at the rate(s) set forth in Annex 2 . 

(b) Payments .
 Interest accrued shall be payable in arrears (i) if accrued on the principal amount of any
 Loan, (A) at maturity (whether by acceleration or otherwise) and (B) on the first day of
 each month commencing on the first such day following the making of such Loan and (ii) if
 accrued on any other Obligation, on demand from and after the time such Obligation is due
 and payable (whether by acceleration or otherwise). 

(c) Default
 Interest . Notwithstanding the rates of interest specified in clause (a) above
 or elsewhere in any Loan Document, effective immediately upon (A) the occurrence of any Event
 of Default under Sections 6.1(k or 6.1(l) or (B) the delivery of a notice
 by the Bank to the Borrowers during the continuance of any other Event of Default and, in
 each case, for as long as such Event of Default shall be continuing, the principal balance
 of all Obligations (including any Obligation that bears interest by reference to the rate
 applicable to any other Obligation) then due and payable shall bear interest at a rate that
 is 5 per annum in excess of the interest rate otherwise applicable to such Obligations from
 time to time, payable on demand or, in the absence of demand, on the date that would otherwise
 be applicable. 

- 3 - 

(d) Savings
 Clause . Anything herein to the contrary notwithstanding, the obligations of the Borrowers
 hereunder shall be subject to the limitation that payments of interest shall not be required,
 for any period for which interest is computed hereunder, to the extent (but only to the extent)
 that contracting for or receiving such payment by the Bank would be contrary to the provisions
 of any law applicable to the Bank limiting the highest rate of interest which may be lawfully
 contracted for, charged or received by the Bank, and in such event the Borrowers shall pay
 the Bank interest at the highest rate permitted by applicable law Maximum Lawful
 Rate ); provided, however, that if at any time thereafter the rate of interest
 payable hereunder is less than the Maximum Lawful Rate, the Borrowers shall continue to pay
 interest hereunder at the Maximum Lawful Rate until such time as the total interest received
 by the Bank is equal to the total interest that would have been received had the interest
 payable hereunder been (but for the operation of this paragraph) the interest rate payable
 since the Closing Date as otherwise provided in this Agreement. 

(e) In
 connection with the use or administration of Term SOFR, Lender will have the right to make
 Conforming Changes from time to time and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein
 or in any other Loan Document, any amendments implementing such Conforming Changes will become
 effective without any further action or consent of any other party to this Agreement or any
 other Loan Document. The Lender will promptly notify the Borrower of the effectiveness of
 any Conforming Changes in connection with the use or administration of Term SOFR. 

(f) Determination
 of Interest Rate 

(i)
Subject to Section 1.16, if, on or prior to the first day of any Interest Period for any SOFR Rate Loan, Lender determines (A) (which
determination shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error) that Adjusted Term SOFR cannot be determined pursuant
to the definition thereof, or (B) that for any reason in connection with any request for a SOFR Rate Loan that Adjusted Term SOFR for
any requested Interest Period with respect to a proposed SOFR Rate Loan does not adequately and fairly reflect the cost to Lender of
funding such Loan, the Lender will promptly so notify the Borrower. 

(ii)
Upon notice thereof by Lender to the Borrower, any obligation of the Lender to make SOFR Rate Loans shall be suspended (to the extent
of the affected SOFR Rate Loans or affected Interest Periods) until the Lender revokes such notice and Adjusted Term SOFR shall be a
rate per annum determined by the Lender in its Permitted Discretion. 

1.4 Maturity
Date. The Borrowers hereby unconditionally promise to pay to the Bank the then unpaid principal amount of all loans and advances
made respecting the Revolving Loans, together with all accrued interest thereon and all other amounts due and payable hereunder in connection
with the Revolving Loans, on the Maturity Date or such earlier date following acceleration thereof or the termination of this Agreement.
In addition, the Bank s agreement to advance funds respecting the Revolving Loans shall expire on the Maturity Date and there shall
be no further advances respecting the Revolving Loans unless the Bank agrees, in writing, in its sole discretion, to extend the Maturity
Date. Anything to the contrary notwithstanding, if the Bank makes advances in its sole discretion beyond any Maturity Date, either with
or without an agreed extension thereof with or without a writing, all such advances shall constitute Obligations, shall be secured by
the Collateral, and shall be governed by the Loan Documents. 

- 4 - 

1.5 Other
Obligations Due at Maturity. In the event that the Revolving Credit Facility matures or is terminated for any reason prior to its
Maturity Date, then in such event the principal balance, accrued and unpaid interest and all other sums due or outstanding under any
loan or advance not arising from the Revolving Credit Facility shall accelerate and become due and payable simultaneously with the payment
of all sums due and payable under the Revolving Credit Facility. 

1.6 Monthly
Statement and Automatic Charges. At the option of the Bank, after the end of each month, the Bank may, but shall not be obligated
to, render to the Borrowers a statement of the Credit Extensions showing the loan balance and all applicable credits and debits. Each
statement shall be conclusive, binding and final for all purposes, absent manifest error and deemed to have been accepted by the Borrower
and shall be binding upon the Borrowers in respect of the loan balance and all charges, debits and credits of whatsoever nature contained
therein respecting the Credit Extensions, unless the Borrowers notify the Bank in writing of any discrepancy within twenty (20) days
from the transmittal by the Bank to the Borrower of any such monthly statement. At the option of the Bank, all payments in respect of
any Obligation will automatically be debited from any of the Borrowers accounts, as elected by the Bank. 

1.7 Fees.
 The Borrowers shall pay to the Bank all of the fees set forth on Annex 2 hereto. 

1.8 Computations
of Interest and Fees. All computations of interest and of fees (other than flat fees) shall be made by the Bank on the basis of a
year of 360 days for the actual number of days (including the first day but excluding the last day) occurring in the period for which
such interest and fees are payable. Each determination of an interest rate or the amount of a fee hereunder shall be made by the Bank
and shall be conclusive, binding and final for all purposes, absent manifest error. All fees shall be (a) deemed to be an Obligation,
(b) fully earned on the earlier of (i) the date specified such fee is earned or (ii) the date such fee is payable and (c) nonrefundable
and shall not be subject to reduction, rebate or proration whatsoever. 

1.9 Increased
Costs; Capital Requirements . 

(a) Increased
 Costs . If at any time the Bank determines that, after the date hereof, the adoption of,
 or any change in or in the interpretation, application or administration of, or compliance
 with, any law, statute, rule, regulation or other similar Requirements of Law of any Governmental
 Authority shall have the effect of (i) increasing the cost to the Bank of making, funding
 or maintaining any Credit Extension or to agree to do so or of participating, or agreeing
 to participate, in extensions of credit, or (ii) imposing any other cost to the Bank with
 respect to compliance with its obligations under any Loan Document, then, upon demand by
 the Bank, the Borrowers shall pay to the Bank amounts sufficient to compensate the Bank for
 such increased cost. 

- 5 - 

(b) Increased
 Capital Requirements . If at any time the Bank determines that, after the date hereof,
 the adoption of, or any change in or in the interpretation, application or administration
 of, or compliance with, any Requirement of Law from any Governmental Authority regarding
 capital adequacy, reserves, special deposits, compulsory loans, insurance charges against
 property of, deposits with or for the account of, Obligations owing to, or other credit extended
 or participated in by, the Bank or any similar requirement shall have the effect of reducing
 the rate of return on the capital of the Bank s (or any Person controlling the Bank)
 as a consequence of its obligations under or with respect to any Loan Document to a level
 below that which, taking into account the capital adequacy policies of the Bank or Person,
 the Bank or Person could have achieved but for such adoption or change, then, upon demand
 from time to time by the Bank, the Borrowers shall pay to the Bank amounts sufficient to
 compensate the Bank for such reduction. 

(c) Compensation
 Certificate . Each demand for compensation under this Section 1.9 shall be accompanied
 by a certificate of the Bank claiming such compensation, setting forth in reasonable detail
 the computation of the amounts to be paid hereunder, which certificate shall be conclusive,
 binding and final for all purposes, absent manifest error. In determining such amount, the
 Bank may use any reasonable averaging and attribution methods. 

1.10 Taxes. 

(a) Payments
 Free and Clear of Taxes . Except as otherwise provided in this Section 1.10 , each
 payment by Borrowers under any Loan Document shall be made free and clear of all present
 or future taxes, levies, imposts, deductions, charges or withholdings and all liabilities
 with respect thereto (and without deduction for any of them) (collectively, the Taxes other than for taxes measured by net income (including branch profits taxes) and franchise
 taxes imposed in lieu of net income taxes, in each case imposed on the Bank as a result of
 a present or former connection between the Bank and the jurisdiction of the Governmental
 Authority imposing such tax or any political subdivision or taxing authority thereof or therein
 (other than such connection arising solely from the Bank having executed, delivered or performed
 its obligations or received a payment under, or enforced, any Loan Document). 

(b) Gross-Up .
 If any Taxes shall be required by law to be deducted from or in respect of any amount payable
 under any Loan Document to the Bank (i) such amount shall be increased as necessary to ensure
 that, after all required deductions for Taxes are made (including deductions applicable to
 any increases to any amount under this Section 1.10 ), the Bank receives the amount
 it would have received had no such deductions been made, (ii) the Borrowers shall make such
 deductions and (iii) the Borrowers shall timely pay the full amount deducted to the relevant
 taxing authority or other authority in accordance with applicable Requirements of Law. 

- 6 - 

(c) Other
 Taxes . In addition, Borrowers agree to pay, and authorizes the Bank to pay in its name
 to the extent such party fails to do so, on or prior to the date when due, any stamp, documentary,
 excise or property tax, charges or similar levies imposed by any applicable Requirement of
 Law or Governmental Authority and all liabilities with respect thereto (including by reason
 of any delay in payment thereof), in each case arising from the execution, delivery or registration
 of, or otherwise with respect to, any Loan Document or any transaction contemplated therein
 (collectively, Other Taxes ). Within thirty (30) days after the date
 of any payment of Taxes or Other Taxes by the Borrowers, the Borrowers shall furnish to the
 Bank, the original or a certified copy of a receipt evidencing payment thereof. 

(d) Indemnification .
 The Borrowers shall reimburse and indemnify, within thirty (30) days after receipt of demand
 therefor the Bank for all Taxes and Other Taxes (including any Taxes and Other Taxes imposed
 by any jurisdiction on amounts payable under this Section 1.10 paid by the Bank and
 any liabilities arising therefrom or with respect thereto, whether or not such Taxes or Other
 Taxes were correctly or legally asserted. A certificate of the Bank claiming any compensation
 under this clause (d) , setting forth in reasonable detail the computation of the amounts
 to be paid thereunder and delivered to the Borrowers shall be conclusive, binding and final
 for all purposes, absent manifest error. In determining such amount, the Bank may use any
 reasonable averaging and attribution methods. 

1.11 Initial
Conditions to Credit Extensions. The Bank s obligation to make the first Credit Extension hereunder shall be subject to the
fulfillment by Borrowers on or before the Closing Date of all conditions required by the Bank in its sole discretion, including those
set forth in Section 3 of Annex 2 . 

1.12 Subsequent
Conditions to Credit Extensions. The Bank s obligation to make Credit Extensions after the Closing Date shall be subject to
the fulfillment by the Borrowers on or before the date thereof of the following conditions precedent: 

(a) Representations
 and Warranties True, Complete and Correct . Each representation and warranty of Borrowers
 contained herein and in any agreement or instrument furnished to the Bank shall be true,
 complete and correct in all material respects as of the date of said Credit Extension (except
 for representations which by their terms relate to a different date, in which case said representations
 and warranties shall continue to have been true, complete and correct in all material respects
 as of said date); and 

(b) No
 Material Adverse Change . There shall have been no Material Adverse Effect since the Closing
 Date; and 

(c) No
 Default . There shall have occurred no Event of Default or any condition or event which
 would upon notice or lapse of time, or both, constitute an Event of Default; and 

(d) Additional
 Conditions . Any additional conditions set forth in Section 3 of Annex 2 
 shall have been satisfied. 

1.13 Letters
of Credit. 

(a) Issuance
 of Letters of Credit . Subject to all of the terms and conditions hereof, Bank agrees
 to establish the LC Facility pursuant to which, during the period from the date hereof to
 the Maturity Date, the Bank on behalf of any Borrower shall make available to the Borrower
 one or more Letters of Credit on the Borrower s request therefor from time to time,
 subject to the following terms and conditions: 

- 7 - 

(i) The
Bank will not be required to issue any Letter of Credit to the extent that the issuance thereof would cause the LC Obligations to exceed
the Maximum LC Obligation or the sum of Revolving Loans plus the LC Obligations to exceed the Maximum Facility Amount. 

(ii) The
Borrower acknowledges that the Bank s willingness to issue any Letter of Credit is conditioned upon (a) the Bank s receipt
of (i) an LC Application executed by an Authorized Person with respect to the requested Letter of Credit, (ii) such LC Support as the
Bank, in the exercise of its sole discretion, requests, and (iii) such other instruments and agreements as the Bank may customarily require
for the issuance of a letter of credit of equivalent type and amount as the requested Letter of Credit, and (b) the satisfaction of each
of the LC Conditions and compliance with Section 1.11 . In no event shall the Bank have any liability or obligation to Borrower
for any failure or refusal by the Bank to issue, for the Bank s delay in issuing, or for any error of the Bank in issuing or failure
to issue, any Letter of Credit. 

(iii) Letters
of Credit may be requested only if they are to be used (a) to support obligations of the Borrower incurred in the ordinary course of
business of the Borrower, or (b) for such other purposes as the Bank may approve from time to time in writing. 

(iv) The
Borrower shall comply with all of the terms and conditions imposed on it by the Bank, whether such terms and conditions are contained
in an LC Application or in any agreement with respect thereto, shall pay all of the Bank s fees customarily charged in connection
with the application for, issuance, and negotiation of letters of credit, and all of the rights and remedies that the Bank has under
an LC Application or any agreement related thereto shall be in addition to any rights and remedies of the Bank contained in any of the
Loan Documents. The Borrower agrees to reimburse the Bank for any draw under any Letter of Credit on the date drawn, and to pay the Bank
the amount of all other liabilities and obligations payable to the Bank under or in connection with any Letter of Credit immediately
when due, irrespective of any claim, setoff, defense or other right that the Borrower may have at any time against the Bank or any other
Person. Until the Bank has received payment from the Borrower in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this clause (iv) ,
the Bank, in addition to all of its other rights and remedies under this Agreement, shall (A) be entitled to interest at the rate otherwise
applicable to Revolving Loans hereunder (including, if applicable, the rate in 1.3(c)) and (B) be fully subrogated to the rights and
remedies of each beneficiary under a Letter of Credit whose claims against the Borrower have been discharged with the proceeds of such
Letter of Credit. Whether or not the Borrower submits any request for a Revolving Loan to the Bank, the Borrower shall be deemed to have
requested from the Bank a Revolving Loan in an amount necessary to pay to the Bank all amounts due the Bank pursuant to this clause
(iv) . 

- 8 - 

(v) The
Borrower assumes all risks of the acts, omissions or misuses of any Letter of Credit by the beneficiary thereof. The obligation of the
Borrower to reimburse the Bank for all amounts paid by the Bank by reason of a Letter of Credit shall be absolute, unconditional and
irrevocable, and shall be paid without regard to any lack of validity or enforceability of any Letter of Credit, the existence of any
claim, setoff, defense or other right which the Borrower may have at any time against a beneficiary of any Letter of Credit, or improper
honor by the Bank of any draw request under a Letter of Credit. If presentation of a demand, draft, certificate or other document does
not comply with the terms of a Letter of Credit and the Borrower contends that, as a consequence of such noncompliance, it has no obligation
to reimburse the Bank for any payment made with respect thereto, the Borrower shall nevertheless be obligated to reimburse the Bank for
any payment made by the Bank with respect to such Letter of Credit, but without waiving any claim the Borrower may have against the Bank
in connection therewith. 

(vi) No
Letter of Credit shall be extended or amended in any respect unless all of the LC Conditions are met as though a new Letter of Credit
were being requested and issued. 

(b) Cash
 Collateral Account . Upon the Bank s demand therefor with respect to any given Letter
 of Credit, and in the case of any Letter of Credit which expires according to its terms after
 the Maturity Date of the Revolving Credit Facility, the Borrower shall Cash Collateralize
 such Letter of Credit in an amount equal to 110 of the sum of aggregate undrawn amounts
 of such Letter of Credit plus all related fees and other amounts due or to become due in
 connection with such Letter of Credit and related LC Obligations. The Borrower hereby pledges
 to the Bank and grants to the Bank a security interest in all Cash Collateral held in the
 Cash Collateral Account from time to time and all proceeds thereof, as security for the payment
 of all Obligations, whether or not then due or payable. From time to time after cash is deposited
 in the Cash Collateral Account (which Cash Collateral Account may, in the Bank s sole
 discretion, be a separate, segregated account maintained at the Bank), the Bank may apply
 Cash Collateral then held in the Cash Collateral Account to the payment of any amounts, in
 such order as the Bank may elect, as shall be or shall become due and payable by the Borrower
 to the Bank with respect to the LC Obligations. Neither the Borrower nor any other Person
 claiming by, thru, under or on behalf of the Borrower shall have any right to withdraw any
 of the Cash Collateral held in the Cash Collateral Account, provided that upon termination
 or expiration of all Letters of Credit and the payment and satisfaction of all of the LC
 Obligations, any Cash Collateral remaining in the Cash Collateral Account shall be returned
 to the Borrower unless an Event of Default then exists (in which event the Bank may apply
 such Cash Collateral to the payment of any other Obligations outstanding, with any surplus
 to be turned over to the Borrower). 

- 9 - 

1.14 Restatement
of Revolving Credit Facility. Except as expressly modified in this Agreement and any agreement, instrument or document executed in
conjunction herewith, each of the Existing Loan Documents remain in full force and effect including all recordings and filings. In the
event that there is a conflict between provisions of the Existing Loan Documents on the one hand, and this Amended and Restated Loan
and Security Agreement and any agreements, instruments and documents executed in conjunction herewith on the other hand, the provisions
of the latter shall govern, it being acknowledged and agreed that nothing in any of the Loan Documents shall in any way adversely affect
any prior recordings or filings made in connection with the Existing Loan Documents. This Agreement (together with all documents executed
in conjunction herewith) restates the Revolving Credit Facility; provided, however, that this Agreement (together with all documents
executed in conjunction herewith) is not intended to be, nor shall it be construed as, (i) an extinguishment of the outstanding indebtedness
owed to the Bank under Existing Loan Documents, or (ii) an extinguishment of any liens or security interests previously granted to the
Bank pursuant to the Existing Loan Documents, all of which are to continue in full force and effect for the benefit of, and in all respects
shall remain enforceable by, the Bank, such that the existence and priority of all previously created liens and security interests shall
continue uninterrupted from the dates originally established. This Agreement is given in amendment, modification, and restatement, but
not in extinguishment or novation of the Existing Loan Documents or any Obligations heretofore arising therefrom, which Obligations are
continued under the terms of this Agreement and are secured by the Collateral, anything to the contrary notwithstanding. 

1.15 Illegality.
If Lender determines that any Law has made it unlawful, or that any Governmental Authority has asserted that it is unlawful, for Lender
or its applicable lending office to make, maintain or fund Loans hereunder, any obligation of Lender to make SOFR Rate Loans shall be
suspended until Lender notifies the Borrower that the circumstances giving rise to such determination no longer exist and the Adjusted
Term SOFR shall be a rate per annum determined by the Lender in its Permitted Discretion. Upon receipt of such notice, the Borrower shall,
if necessary to avoid such illegality, upon demand from Lender, prepay all SOFR Rate Loans either on the last day of the Interest Period
therefor, if Lender may lawfully continue to maintain such SOFR Rate Loans to such day, or immediately, if Lender may not lawfully continue
to maintain such SOFR Rate Loans to such day until it is no longer illegal for Lender to determine or charge interest rates based upon
SOFR, the Term SOFR Reference Rate, Adjusted Term SOFR or Term SOFR. Upon any such prepayment, the Borrower shall also pay accrued interest
on the amount so prepaid. 

1.16 Benchmark
Replacement Settings. 

(a) Benchmark
Replacement. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, upon the occurrence of a Benchmark Transition
Event, Lender and the Borrower (without, except as specifically provided in the following two sentences, any action or consent by any
other party to this Agreement) may amend this Agreement to replace the then-current Benchmark with a Benchmark Replacement. Any such
amendment with respect to a Benchmark Transition Event will become effective at 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the fifth (5 th Business Day after the Lender has delivered such proposed amendment to Borrower . No replacement of a Benchmark with a Benchmark Replacement
pursuant to this Section 1.16 will occur prior to the applicable Benchmark Transition Start Date. 

(b) Benchmark
Replacement Conforming Changes. In connection with the use, administration, adoption or implementation of a Benchmark Replacement, the
Lender will have the right to make Conforming Changes from time to time and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any
other Loan Document, any amendments implementing such Conforming Changes will become effective without any further action or consent
of any other party to this Agreement or any other Loan Document. 

- 10 - 

(c) Notices;
Standards for Decisions and Determinations. The Lender will promptly notify the Borrower of (i) the implementation of any Benchmark Replacement
and (ii) the effectiveness of any Conforming Changes in connection with the use, administration, adoption or implementation of a Benchmark
Replacement. The Lender will promptly notify the Borrower of the removal or reinstatement of any tenor of a Benchmark pursuant to Section
1.16(d). Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Lender pursuant to this Section 1.16(c), including any determination
with respect to a tenor, rate or adjustment or of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, circumstance or date and any decision
to take or refrain from taking any action or any selection, will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error and may be made in its
or their sole discretion and without consent from any other party to this Agreement or any other Loan Document, except, in each case,
as expressly required pursuant to this Section 1.16(c). 

(d) Unavailability
of Tenor of Benchmark. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, at any time (including in connection
with the implementation of a Benchmark Replacement), (i) if the then-current Benchmark is a term rate (including the Term SOFR Reference
Rate) and either (A) any tenor for such Benchmark is not displayed on a screen or other information service that publishes such rate
from time to time as selected by the Lender in its reasonable discretion or (B) the administrator of such Benchmark or the regulatory
supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark has provided a public statement or publication of information announcing that any
tenor for such Benchmark is not or will not be representative or in compliance with or aligned with the International Organization of
Securities Commissions (IOSCO) Principles for Financial Benchmarks, then the Lender may modify the definition of Interest Period 
(or any similar or analogous definition) for any Benchmark settings at or after such time to remove such unavailable, non-representative,
non-compliant or non-aligned tenor and (ii) if a tenor that was removed pursuant to clause (i) above either (A) is subsequently displayed
on a screen or information service for a Benchmark (including a Benchmark Replacement) or (B) is not, or is no longer, subject to an
announcement that it is not or will not be representative or in compliance with or aligned with the International Organization of Securities
Commissions (IOSCO) Principles for Financial Benchmarks for a Benchmark (including a Benchmark Replacement), then the Lender may modify
the definition of Interest Period (or any similar or analogous definition) for all Benchmark settings at or after such
time to reinstate such previously removed tenor. 

(e) 
Conflict. In the event the provisions of this Section 1.16 conflict with any other Section of this Loan Agreement, this Section 1.16
shall govern. 

2. GRANT
OF SECURITY INTEREST AND COLLATERAL MATTERS 

2.1 Grant
of Security Interest. In consideration of the Bank s extending credit and other financial accommodations to or for the benefit
of the Borrowers, whether under the Existing Loan Documents, this Agreement or otherwise, and whether evidenced by notes or not, Borrowers
have heretofore granted and continue to grant, and all Borrowers hereby grant, to the Bank a first priority security interest in, a lien
on, and pledge and assignment of the Collateral owned by Borrowers. The security interest, lien, pledge and assignment granted by the
Existing Loan Documents and this Agreement are given to and shall be held by the Bank as security for the payment and performance of
all Obligations, including, without limitation, all amounts outstanding pursuant to the Loan Documents. All prior granting of security
interests, pledges, liens, mortgages, assignments, hypothecations, filings and recordings, if any, shall continue to remain in full force
and effect. 

- 11 - 

2.2 Borrowing
Base. The Bank shall have the right from time to time, in its sole discretion, to amend, substitute or modify the percentages set
forth in the definition of Borrowing Base and the definition of Eligible Accounts, Eligible Inventory and the form of Borrowing Base
Certificate. 

2.3 Allowances.
 Unless an Event of Default shall have occurred, Borrowers may grant such allowances or other adjustments to Account Debtors (exclusive
of extending the time for payment of any item which shall not be done without first obtaining the Bank s written consent in each
instance) as Borrowers may reasonably deem to accord with sound business practice, including, without limiting the generality of the
foregoing, accepting the return of all or any part of goods sold (subject to the provisions set forth in this Agreement with reference
to returned goods). 

2.4 Records.
 Borrowers shall hold their books and records relating to the Collateral segregated from all Borrowers other books and records
in a manner satisfactory to the Bank; and shall deliver to the Bank from time to time promptly at its request all invoices, original
documents of title, contracts, chattel paper, instruments and any other writings relating thereto, and other evidence of performance
of contracts, or evidence of shipment or delivery of the merchandise or of the rendering of services; and Borrowers will deliver to the
Bank promptly at the Bank s request from time to time additional copies of any or all of such papers or writings, and such other
information with respect to any of the Collateral and such schedules of inventory, schedules of accounts and such other writings as the
Bank may in its sole discretion deem to be necessary or effectual to evidence any loan hereunder or the Bank s security interest
in the Collateral. 

2.5 Legends.
 Borrowers shall promptly make, stamp or record such entries or legends on Borrowers books and records or on any of the Collateral
(including, without limitation, chattel paper) as Bank shall request from time to time, to indicate and disclose that Bank has a security
interest in such Collateral. 

2.6 Inspection.
 The Bank, or its representatives, at such times as are set forth in Annex 2, shall have the right at the sole cost and expense of
Borrowers, and Borrowers will permit the Bank and/or its representatives: (a) to examine, check, make copies of or extracts from any
of Borrowers books, records and files (including, without limitation, orders and original correspondence); (b) to perform field
exams or otherwise inspect and examine the Collateral and to check, test or appraise the same as to age, quality, quantity, value and
condition; and (c) to verify the Collateral or any portion or portions thereof or Borrowers compliance with the provisions of
this Agreement. The costs of such field exams and inspections shall consist of a per-person auditor charge as are set forth in Annex
2 or the actual costs if such auditor is retained by the Bank. Borrowers hereby irrevocably authorize and direct all accountants
and auditors employed or engaged by Borrowers at any time during the term of this Agreement and all data processing centers or other
persons having information relevant to Borrowers financial condition to deliver copies of all materials in their possession to
the Bank upon the Bank s request therefor. 

- 12 - 

2.7 Purchase
Money Security Interests. To the extent Borrowers use proceeds of any loans to purchase Collateral, the repayment of such loans shall
be on a first-in-first-out basis so that the portion of the loan used to purchase a particular item of Collateral shall
be repaid in the order in which Borrowers purchased such item of Collateral. 

2.8 Search
Reports and Credit Reports. Bank shall receive, prior to the date of this Agreement and from time to time thereafter as Bank may
determine in its reasonable discretion, UCC search results under all names used by Borrowers during the prior five (5) years, from each
jurisdiction where any Collateral is located, from the State, if any, where Borrowers are organized and registered, the State where Borrowers 
chief executive office is located and all other locations deemed necessary by the Bank. The search results shall confirm that the Lien
on the Collateral granted Bank hereunder is prior to all other Liens in favor of any other Person. The Bank is authorized to make all
inquiries the Bank deems necessary to verify the accuracy of the information in respect of Borrowers contained in the Loan Documents
and to determine the credit worthiness of Borrowers. Borrowers authorize any Person or credit reporting agency to give to the Bank any
information it may have on Borrowers. Borrowers authorize the Bank to answer questions about Borrowers credit experience with
the Bank. 

2.9 Further
Assurances. Borrowers will, at the request of the Bank, from time to time, at its own cost and expense, execute and deliver to Bank
such documents, and take or cause to be taken, all such other or further action, as Bank may request in order to effect and confirm or
vest in Bank all rights contemplated by this Agreement and the other Loan Documents (including, without limitation, to correct clerical
errors) or to vest more fully in or assure to the Bank the security interest in the Collateral granted to the Bank by this Agreement
or to comply with applicable statute or law and to facilitate the collection of the Collateral (including, without limitation, the execution
of stock transfer orders and stock powers, endorsement of promissory notes and instruments and notifications to obligors on the Collateral).
To the extent permitted by applicable law, Borrowers authorize the Bank to file financing statements, continuation statements or amendments,
and any such financing statements, continuation statements or amendments may be filed at any time in any jurisdiction. Bank may at any
time and from time to time file financing statements, continuation statements and amendments thereto which contain any information required
by the Code for the sufficiency or filing office acceptance of any financing statement, continuation statement or amendment, including
the description of the Collateral as all assets or all property , whether such Borrower is an organization,
the type of organization and any organization identification number issued to same. Borrowers agree to furnish any such information to
Bank promptly upon request. In addition, Borrowers shall at any time and from time to time take such steps as Bank may reasonably request
for Bank (i) to obtain an acknowledgement, in form and substance satisfactory to Bank, of any bailee having possession of any of the
Collateral that the bailee holds such Collateral for Bank, (ii) to obtain control of any Collateral comprised of deposit accounts, electronic
chattel paper, letter of credit rights or investment property, with any agreements establishing control to be in form and substance satisfactory
to Bank, (iii) to obtain a mortgage or deed of trust on any real property owned by Borrowers and to obtain all necessary surveys, title
insurance and other requirements in connection with such mortgage or deed of trust, and (iv) otherwise to insure the continued perfection
and priority of Bank s security interest in any of the Collateral and the preservation of its rights therein. Borrowers hereby
constitute Bank its attorney-in-fact to execute, if necessary, and file all filings required or so requested for the foregoing purposes,
all acts of such attorney being hereby ratified and confirmed; and such power, being coupled with an interest, shall be irrevocable until
this Agreement terminates in accordance with its terms, all Obligations are irrevocably paid in full and the Collateral is released. 

- 13 - 

2.10 Subordination .
It is acknowledged that the sum, if any, set forth on Annex 3 (such Indebtedness referred to as Subordinated Debt is currently due from Borrower to those creditors set forth on Annex 3 (each a Subordinator ). If at any time
there shall be Indebtedness that constitutes Subordinated Debt, Borrowers agree to procure from each Subordinator an agreement of subordination
(the Subordination Agreement satisfactory to the Bank pursuant to which each Subordinator acknowledges and agrees
that any Subordinated Debt owed to such Subordinator is subordinate, inferior and subject to the satisfaction of all Obligations due
the Bank, and that the failure of such Subordinator to execute and deliver such Subordination Agreement to the Bank shall constitute
an Event of Default hereunder. 

3.
REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 

In
order to induce the Bank to enter into this Agreement and to extend the credit herein provided for, Borrowers represent and warrant to
the Bank that: 

3.1
 Organization and Qualification . Borrower is duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction
of its organization, has all requisite power and authority to own its property and to carry on its business as now conducted currently
proposed to be conducted and, except where the failure to do so, individually or in the aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to
result in a Material Adverse Effect, is qualified to do business in, and is in good standing in, every jurisdiction where such qualification
is required. The name of each such entity is as set forth on the signature page hereto and none shall change such name, conduct its business
in any other name or take title to the Collateral in any other name while this Agreement remains in effect. No Borrower has ever had
any name, or conducted business under any name in any jurisdiction, other than its name set forth on the signature page hereto during
the past five years except as set forth on Annex 3 . 

3.2
 Authorization; Enforceability . The Transactions are within the corporate, limited liability company, partnership or other analogous
powers of Borrower to the extent it is a party thereto and have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate, limited liability company,
partnership or other analogous equityholder action, if required. Each Loan Document has been duly executed and delivered by each Borrower
to the extent it is a party thereto and constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation thereof, enforceable in accordance with its
terms, subject to applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or other laws affecting creditors rights generally. 

3.3
 Subsidiaries . All of the Stock of the Borrower is owned beneficially and of record as set forth on Annex 3 . As of the Effective
Date, Borrower has no Subsidiaries or Affiliates except as set forth on Annex 3 . 

- 14 - 

3.4
 Title to Properties; Absence of Liens and Claims . Except as set forth on Annex 3 , 

(a) 
 Borrower has good title
 to, or valid leasehold interests in, all real and personal property material to its business, except for minor defects in title that
 do not interfere with its ability to conduct its business as currently conducted or contemplated to be conducted or to utilize such
 properties for their intended purposes. 

(b) 
 Borrower owns, or is entitled
 to use, all trademarks, trade names, copyrights, patents and other intellectual property material to its business, and the use thereof
 by such Person does not infringe upon the rights of any other Person, except for any such infringements that, individually or in
 the aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 

(c) 
 Borrower does not own any
 real property. 

(d) 
 No Collateral is in the
 possession of any Person asserting any claim thereto or security interest therein other than the Bank or its designee. 

3.5
 Places of Business . Borrower s chief executive office is accurately set forth in the preamble to this Agreement. Annex
3 hereto lists the name of each location existing on the date hereof where (i) each Borrower s books and records (including
computer printouts and programs) are maintained and (ii) any tangible Collateral is stored or located. 

3.6
 Validity and Perfection of Security Interest . This Agreement is effective to create in favor of the Bank a legal, valid and enforceable
security interest in the Collateral and when (i) financing statements in appropriate form, properly describing the collateral and identifying
the appropriate party as debtor and identifying the Bank as the secured party are filed in the office of the secretary of state of the
jurisdiction of organization of each applicable party or such other office specified by the Code as necessary for perfection, (ii) the
Bank obtains control of Collateral consisting of investment property and possession of Collateral consisting of instruments and (iii)
appropriate documents with respect to Patents, Trademarks and Copyrights, if any, are filed in the United States Patent and Trademark
Office or the United States Copyright Office, as the case may be, the security interest granted to the Bank shall constitute a fully
perfected Lien on, and security interest in, all right, title and interest of Borrower in such Collateral, in each case prior and superior
in right to any other Person, other than with respect to Permitted Liens. 

3.7
 Governmental Approvals; No Conflicts . The Transactions (a) do not require any consent or approval of, registration or filing with,
or any other action by, any Governmental Authority, except (i) the filing of financing statements and other documents contemplated by
 Section 3.6 (and appropriate amendments and continuations of financing statements that may be required under the Code to maintain
the perfection and priority of the Liens of the Bank on the Collateral) and (ii) such as have been obtained or made and are in full force
and effect, (b) will not violate any applicable law or regulation or the Organizational Documents of Borrower or any order of any Governmental
Authority applicable to any of them, (c) will not violate or result in a default under any indenture, agreement or other instrument binding
upon Borrower or its assets, or give rise to a right thereunder to require any payment to be made by Borrower, and (d) will not result
in the creation or imposition of any Lien on any asset of Borrower (other than Liens in favor of the Bank). 

- 15 - 

3.8
 Permits . Borrower has the right to use, and is in compliance with, all Permits and other rights that are material to the conduct
of its business and knows of no conflict with the valid rights of others which could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse
Effect. To the best knowledge of the Borrower, no event has occurred which permits or, after notice, lapse of time (or both) or any other
condition, could reasonably be expected to permit, the revocation or termination of any such franchise, license or other right which
revocation or termination could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

3.9
 Litigation and Environmental Matters . Except as set forth on Annex 3 : 

(a) 
 There are no actions, suits
 or proceedings by or before any arbitrator or Governmental Authority pending against or, to the knowledge of the Borrower, threatened
 against or affecting Borrower (i) that, if adversely determined, could reasonably be expected, individually or in the aggregate,
 to result in a Material Adverse Effect or (ii) that involve any Loan Document or the Transactions. 

(b) 
 No Borrower (i) has failed
 to comply with any Environmental Law or to obtain, maintain or comply with any Permit or other approval required under any Environmental
 Law, (ii) has become subject to any Environmental Liability, (iii) has received notice of any claim with respect to any Environmental
 Liability or (iv) knows of any basis for any Environmental Liability. 

Since
the date of this Agreement, there has been no change in the status of the matters disclosed on Annex 3 that, individually or in
the aggregate, has resulted in, or materially increased the likelihood of, a Material Adverse Effect. 

3.10
 Investment Company Status . No Borrower is an investment company as defined in, or subject to regulation under, the
Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended. 

3.11
 Compliance with Law and Agreements . Borrower is in compliance with all material laws, regulations and orders of any Governmental
Authority applicable to it or its property and all indentures, agreements and other instruments binding upon it or its property. No default
under any such indenture, agreement or other instrument has occurred and is continuing or would result from the incurrence of the obligations
of such parties under the Loan Documents or from the grant or perfection of the Liens granted to the Bank under this Agreement. 

3.12
 Financial Statements . The Borrower has heretofore furnished to the Bank financial statements. Such financial statements present
fairly, in all material respects, the financial position and results of operations and cash flows of the Borrower and any other entities
reflected therein as of such dates and for the indicated periods in accordance with GAAP (subject to normal year-end audit adjustments
and the absence of footnotes in the case of quarterly statements) and are consistent with the books and records of the Borrower (which
books and records are correct and complete). Since the fiscal year end of the most recent financial statements furnished to the Bank,
the Borrower has conducted its business only in the ordinary course and there has been no Material Adverse Change. 

- 16 - 

3.13
 Accounts and Contract Rights . With respect to each Account Receivable: (i) no transaction giving rise to such Account Receivable
violated or will violate any applicable federal, state or local law, rule or ordinance, (ii) no Account Receivable is subject to terms
prohibiting the assignment thereof or requiring notice or consent to such assignment, except for notices and consents that have been
given or obtained, as the case may be, and (iii) each such Account Receivable represents a bona fide transaction which requires
no further act on Borrower s part to make such Account Receivable payable by the account debtor with respect thereto, and, to the
Borrower s knowledge, such Account Receivable is not subject to any offsets or deductions other than credits and discounts to customers
in the ordinary course of business and does not represent any consignment sales, guaranteed sale, conditional sale, installment sale,
sale-or-return or other similar understanding or any obligation of any Affiliate of Borrower. No contract right, Account Receivable,
general intangible or chattel paper is or will be represented by an instrument, and no contract right, account or general intangible
is, or will be represented by any conditional or installment sales obligation or other chattel paper. 

3.14
 Title to Collateral . Borrower has good and valid rights in and title to the Collateral in which it purports to grant a security
interest hereunder and has full power and authority to grant to the Bank a Lien on such Collateral pursuant hereto and to execute, deliver
and perform its obligations with respect to the Collateral in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, without the consent or approval
of any other Person other than any consent or approval which has been obtained. The Collateral owned or held by or on behalf of Borrower
is so owned or held by it free and clear of any Lien, except for Permitted Liens. The Lien of the Bank on the Collateral is and shall
be prior to any other Lien on any of the Collateral, other than Permitted Liens which by operation of law have priority over such Lien. 

3.15
 Location of Collateral . Except as set forth on Annex 3 , no Collateral is in the possession of, or under the control of,
any Person other than Borrower or the Bank. Except for Inventory sold or in transit for sale in the ordinary course of business, Borrower
will keep all inventory and equipment only at locations in the continental United States specified in this Agreement or specified to
the Bank in writing. 

3.16
 Loan Party Taxes . Borrower has timely filed or caused to be filed all tax returns and reports required to have been filed and
has paid or caused to be paid by the relevant due date all Taxes required to have been paid by it. 

3.17
 Federal Reserve Regulations . No Borrower is engaged principally, or as one of its important activities, in the business of extending
credit for the purpose of buying or carrying Margin Stock. None of the Collateral is used or was acquired primarily for personal, family
or household purposes 

3.18
 Labor Matters . As of the date hereof, there are no strikes, lockouts or slowdowns against Borrower pending or, to its knowledge,
threatened. The hours worked by and payments made to employees of the Borrower have not been in violation of the Fair Labor Standards
Act or any other applicable Federal, state, local or foreign law dealing with such matters. All material payments due from Borrower,
or for which any claim may be made against any such party, on account of wages and employee health and welfare insurance and other benefits,
have been paid or, to the extent required by GAAP, accrued as a liability on the books of such party. The consummation of the Transactions
will not give rise to any right of termination or right of renegotiation on the part of any union under any collective bargaining agreement
to which Borrower is a party or by which it is bound. 

- 17 - 

3.19
 Insurance . Annex 3 sets forth a description of all insurance maintained by or on behalf of the Borrower as of the date
hereof. As of the date hereof, all premiums in respect of such insurance that are due and payable have been paid. 

3.20
 Solvency . After giving effect to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, and before and after giving effect to the making
of each Loan, Borrower is Solvent. No transfer of property has been or will be made by Borrower and no obligation has been or will be
incurred by Borrower in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or the other Loan Documents with the intent to
hinder, delay, or defraud either present or future creditors of Borrower. 

3.21
 Disclosure . The Borrower has disclosed to the Bank all agreements, instruments and corporate or other restrictions to which Borrower
is subject, and all other matters known to it, that, individually, could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.
None of the reports, financial statements, certificates or other written information furnished by or on behalf of Borrower to the Bank
in connection with the negotiation of the Loan Documents or delivered thereunder (as modified or supplemented by other written information
so furnished) contains any material misstatement of fact or omits to state any material fact necessary to make the statements therein,
in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading, provided that , with respect to projected financial
information, Borrower represents only that such information was prepared in good faith based upon assumptions believed to be reasonable
at the time and there can be no assurance that actual results will comport with such projections. 

3.22
 ERISA . Each Plan is in compliance in all material respects with the applicable provisions of ERISA, the Tax Code and other federal
or state Laws. Each Plan that is intended to qualify under Section 401(a) of the Tax Code has received a favorable determination letter
from the IRS or an application for such a letter is currently being processed by the IRS with respect thereto and, to the best knowledge
of the Borrower, nothing has occurred which would prevent, or cause the loss of, such qualification. The Borrower and each ERISA Affiliate
have made all required contributions to each Plan subject to Section 412 of the Tax Code, and no application for a funding waiver or
an extension of any amortization period pursuant to Section 412 of the Tax Code has been made with respect to any Plan. No Lien imposed
under the Tax Code or ERISA exists or is likely to arise on account of any Plan. There are no pending or, to the best knowledge of the
Borrower, threatened claims, actions or lawsuits, or action by any Governmental Authority, with respect to any Plan that could reasonably
be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. There has been no prohibited transaction or violation of the fiduciary responsibility
rules with respect to any Plan that has resulted or could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. No ERISA Event
has occurred or is reasonably expected to occur; (ii) no Pension Plan has any Unfunded Pension Liability; (iii) neither Borrower nor
any ERISA Affiliate has incurred, or reasonably expects to incur, any liability under Title IV of ERISA with respect to any Pension Plan
(other than premiums due and not delinquent under Section 4007 of ERISA and other than periodic contribution requirements); (iv) neither
Borrower nor any ERISA Affiliate has incurred, or reasonably expects to incur, any liability (and no event has occurred which, with the
giving of notice under Section 4219 of ERISA, would result in such liability) under Sections 4201 or 4243 of ERISA with respect to a
Multiemployer Plan; and (v) neither Borrower nor any ERISA Affiliate has engaged in a transaction that could be subject to Sections 4069
or 4212(c) of ERISA, which in each case could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

- 18 - 

3.23
 Cross-Collateralization and Cross-Default . All Collateral heretofore, herein or hereafter given or granted to the Bank shall secure
payment and performance of all of the Obligations, including any Collateral given or granted to the Bank by any Borrower. All Revolving
Loans, loans, advances and all other Obligations shall be and are hereby declared to be cross-collateralized, cross-defaulted and cross-guaranteed.
All property of any Borrower of any kind or nature in which Bank has been, is hereunder, or shall hereafter be granted a security interest
or a Lien of any kind shall constitute Collateral for all Obligations. Any event of default in connection with any loan, advance or extension
of credit made at any time by Bank to any Borrower under any documents executed in connection therewith shall automatically and without
further acts on the part of the Bank constitute an event of default under all loans, advances and extensions of credit made at any time
by Bank to any Borrower. In such event, Bank shall have available to it all rights and remedies including, but not limited to, acceleration
of any or all loans, advances and extensions of credit made at any time by Bank to any Borrower. It shall not be necessary for cross-collateralization,
cross-default, cross-acceleration or cross-guarantee language to be inserted into any other previously existing or hereafter created
instrument, document or agreement for this section to be fully enforceable by Bank against each Borrower and all of its property of any
kind or nature, including such property as is specifically described in this Agreement, any of the other Loan Documents, or any other
documents executed by such Borrower in favor of Bank. 

3.24
 Annex 3 Representations . Borrower warrants and represents that the information set forth on Annex 3 annexed hereto and
made a part hereof is true and accurate as of the date hereof. 

4.
 AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS 

Until
the principal of and interest on each Loan and all fees and other amounts payable under the Loan Documents shall have been paid in full
and all Letters of Credit have expired and all LC Obligations have been reimbursed each Entity Loan Party agrees to comply with the covenants
set forth in this Article 4 . 

4.1
 Payments and Performance . Borrower will duly and punctually pay all payment Obligations and will duly and punctually perform all
other Obligations on its part to be performed under this Agreement. 

- 19 - 

4.2
 Books and Records; Inspection . Borrower will, and will cause each of the Subsidiaries to, at all times keep proper books of account
in which full, true and correct entries will be made of its transactions in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles,
consistently applied and which are, in the opinion of a Certified Public Accountant acceptable to Bank, adequate to determine fairly
the financial condition and the results of operations of Borrower. Borrower will, and will cause each of the Subsidiaries to, at all
reasonable times make its books and records available in its offices for inspection, examination and duplication by the Bank and the
Bank s representatives and will permit the Bank and the Bank s representatives to (i) inspect the Collateral and all of its
properties, (ii) discuss its affairs, finances and condition with its officers and independent accountants and (iii) perform any field
examination, Collateral analysis or other business analysis or audit relating to Borrower or any Subsidiary at such reasonable times
and as often as reasonably requested (and in any event not less frequently than specified on Annex 2 ); provided that , if
no Event of Default exists, the Borrower shall be responsible only for reasonable fees and expenses in connection with any such examination,
Collateral analysis or other business analysis or audit as specified in Annex 2 . Borrower will from time to time furnish the Bank
with such information and statements as the Bank may request in its sole discretion with respect to the Obligations or the Bank s
security interest in the Collateral. Borrower shall, during the term of this Agreement, keep the Bank currently and accurately informed
in writing of each location where Borrower s records relating to its accounts and contract rights are kept and each of its places
of business, and shall not remove such records to another location, change the location of its chief executive office or open or close,
move or change any existing or new place of business without the prior written consent of the Bank. 

4.3
 Financial Statements and Reporting . Borrower will furnish to Bank the financial statements and reports set forth on Annex 2
 hereto. 

4.4
 Maintenance of Existence; Conduct of Business . Borrower will, and will cause each of the Subsidiaries to, maintain its existence
in good standing and shall do or cause to be done all things necessary to preserve and keep in full force and effect its legal existence
and all rights, Permits, privileges and franchises material to the conduct of its business. 

4.5
 Compliance with Law . Borrower will, and will cause each of the Subsidiaries to, comply with all laws, rules, regulations and orders
of any Governmental Authority applicable to it or its property. 

4.6
 Notice to Account Debtors . Borrower (i) agrees, at the request of the Bank, to notify in such manner as the Bank requests any
or all of the Account Debtors in writing of the Bank s security interest in the Collateral and (ii) hereby authorizes the Bank
to notify any or all of the Account Debtors of the Bank s security interest in the Collateral, such notification to be given at
the expense of Borrower. 

4.7
 Solvency . Borrower will remain Solvent during the term of this Agreement. 

4.8
 Operating and Deposit Accounts . Borrower shall maintain with the Bank the accounts set forth on Annex 2 . 

4.9
 Payment of Loan Party Taxes, Accounts Payable and Other Obligations . Borrower will, and will cause each of the Subsidiaries to,
pay, before the same shall become delinquent or in default, its obligations, including Taxes, except and only to the extent that (a)
the validity or amount thereof is being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings diligently conducted, (b) Borrower or such
Subsidiary has set aside on its books adequate reserves with respect thereto in accordance with GAAP and (c) the failure to make payment
pending such contest could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. The Bank may, at its option, from time
to time, discharge any taxes, liens or encumbrances of any of the Collateral, and the Borrower will pay to the Bank on demand or the
Bank in its sole discretion may charge to the Borrower all amounts so paid or incurred by it. 

- 20 - 

4.10
 Maintenance of Collateral . Borrower will keep the Collateral and all of its other tangible Property in good repair, working order
and condition (ordinary wear and tear excepted). Borrower will immediately notify the Bank of any loss or damage to, or any occurrence
which could reasonably be expected to materially adversely affect the value of, any Collateral. The Bank may, at its option, from time
to time, take any action that the Bank may deem proper to repair, maintain or preserve any of the Collateral without affecting any of
its rights or remedies provided herein or as a secured party under the Code, and the Borrower will pay to the Bank on demand or the Bank
in its sole discretion may charge to the Borrower all amounts so paid or incurred by it, which amount shall be added to the amount of
the indebtedness secured by the Collateral. 

4.11
 Insurance . Borrower will maintain in full force and effect property insurance on all Collateral and any other property of Borrower,
if any, and maintain insurance against such risks of liability (including business interruption insurance) as specified in Annex 2 .
Such insurance policies shall name the Bank as an additional insured with respect to liability coverage and lender loss payee with respect
to casualty and business interruption coverage, as applicable, and shall provide that, with respect to property claims affecting the
Collateral, no loss shall be adjusted thereunder without the Bank s approval. In addition, all such policies shall provide that
they may not be canceled without first giving at least thirty (30) days written notice of cancellation to the Bank and shall contain
a standard lender s loss payable endorsement acceptable to the Bank. Borrower shall provide to the Bank, promptly upon Bank s
request, evidence of such insurance and of the annual renewal of each such policy. In the event that Borrower fails to provide evidence
of such insurance, the Bank may, at its option, obtain such insurance and charge the cost thereof to the Borrower, which amount shall
be added to the amount of the indebtedness secured hereby, shall be payable on demand and shall be secured by the Collateral. At the
option of the Bank, all insurance proceeds received from any loss or damage to any of the Collateral including, without limitation, inventory
and Accounts Receivable shall be applied either to the replacement or repair thereof or as a payment on account of the Obligations. From
and after the occurrence of an Event of Default, the Bank is authorized to cancel any insurance maintained hereunder and apply any returned
or unearned premiums, all of which are hereby assigned to the Bank, as a payment on account of the Obligations. The Borrower shall secure
such other insurance as set forth in Annex 2 . 

4.12
 Notification of Material Events . The Borrower will furnish to the Bank prompt written notice of the following: 

(a) 
 the occurrence of any Default
 or Event of Default; 

(b) 
 the filing or commencement
 of any action, suit or proceeding by or before any arbitrator or Governmental Authority against or affecting the Borrower or any
 Affiliate thereof (or any of their respective Property); 

(c) 
 the occurrence of any ERISA
 Event; 

- 21 - 

(d) 
 the occurrence of any damage
 in an amount equal to or greater than 25,000 to any portion of any Collateral or the commencement of any action or proceeding for
 the taking of any Collateral having a value equal to or greater than 25,000 or any part thereof or interest therein under power
 of eminent domain or by condemnation or similar proceeding; 

(e) 
 any suspension of business,
 assignment for the benefit of creditors, dissolution, petition in receivership or under any chapter of the United States Bankruptcy
 Code, as amended from time to time, by or against any Account Debtor, any Account Debtor s becoming insolvent or unable to
 pay its debts as they mature or any other act of the same or different nature amounting to a business failure of which any Borrower
 has knowledge; 

(f) 
 any other development that
 results in, or could reasonably be expected to result in, a Material Adverse Effect; and 

(g) 
 any dispute, allowance
 or settlement with any account debtor relating to an amount in excess of 25,000. 

Each
notice delivered under this Section shall be accompanied by a statement of the chief financial officer or other executive officer of
the Borrower setting forth in reasonable detail a description of the event or development requiring such notice and any action taken
or proposed to be taken with respect thereto. 

4.13
 Lien Law . If any account or general intangible included in the Collateral represents money owing pursuant to any contract for
the improvement of real property or for a public improvement for purposes of the Lien Law of the State of New York (the Lien
Law ), Borrower shall comply with the filing requirements of the Lien Law and (i) give Bank notice of such fact; (ii) receive
and hold any money advanced by Bank with respect to such account or general intangible as a trust fund to be applied to the payment of
trust claims as such term is defined in the Lien Law (Section 71 or otherwise); and (iii) until such trust claim is paid, not use or
permit the use of any such money for any purpose other than the payment of such trust claims. 

4.14
 Environmental . Borrower shall and shall cause each of the Subsidiaries to, use and operate all of its facilities and property
in compliance with all Environmental Laws, keep all necessary Permits, approvals, certificates, licenses and other authorizations relating
to environmental matters in effect and remain in compliance therewith, and handle all Hazardous Materials in compliance with all applicable
Environmental Laws. Borrower agrees to indemnify and hold Bank and each Bank Affiliate harmless from all liability, loss, cost, damage
and expense, including attorneys fees and costs of litigation, arising from any violation by an Borrower of any Environmental
Law (including those arising from any lien by any Federal, state or local government arising from the presence of Hazardous Materials)
or from the presence of Hazardous Materials located on or emanating from any of the premises owned or controlled by any Borrower or a
Subsidiary. The Borrower further agrees to reimburse Bank upon demand for any costs incurred by Bank in connection with the foregoing,
which amount shall be added to the amount of the indebtedness secured by the Collateral. Borrower agrees that its obligations hereunder
shall be continuous and shall survive the repayment of all debts to Bank. 

- 22 - 

4.15
 Third Parties . Borrower acknowledges and agrees that the Bank shall have no duty to, and shall not be deemed to have assumed any
liability or responsibility to, Borrower or any third Person for the correctness, validity or genuineness of any instruments or documents
that may be released or endorsed to Borrower by the Bank (all of which shall be without recourse to the Bank) or for the existence, character,
quantity, quality, condition, value or delivery of any goods purporting to be represented by any such documents; and the Bank, by accepting
a Lien on the Collateral, or by releasing any Collateral to Borrower, shall have no duty to, and shall not be deemed to have assumed
any obligation or liability to, any supplier, Account Debtor or any other third party, and Borrower agrees to indemnify and defend the
Bank against and hold it harmless from any claim or proceeding arising out of the foregoing. 

4.16
 Use of Proceeds . The proceeds of the Credit Extensions shall be used to finance the general corporate purposes of the Borrower
in the ordinary course of business. No portion of any loan shall be used for (i) the purpose of purchasing or carrying any margin
security or margin stock as such terms are used in Regulations U and X of the Board of Governors of the Federal
Reserve System, 12 C.F.R. 221 and 224 or (ii) primarily personal, family or household purposes. 

4.17
 Collections; Remote Deposit Service . The Borrower shall be permitted to receive payments on Accounts Receivable and other remittances
on a direct basis, provided that Borrower delivers all checks, drafts and other monies received by Borrower to the Bank on a daily basis.
In connection with collections and remittances in the form of checks, the Borrower shall subscribe to the Bank s Remote Deposit
Service, execute the Bank s standard Remote Deposit Service Agreement, purchase the remote deposit service unit at a cost of 0.00
per remote unit, and pay the Bank a monthly service fee of 0.00 in connection with the Remote Deposit Service. Pursuant to the procedures
of the Remote Deposit Service, the Borrower shall, on the same day as received by Borrower, scan collection checks and electronically
transmit the images of the checks and deposit data to the Bank on a daily basis. Upon receipt and acknowledgment of the image transmission,
the Bank shall confirm image quality and post the deposit to an account maintained by the Bank for such deposits (the Blocked
Account ). If an Event of Default hereunder occurs and is not cured within any prescribed cure period, the Bank shall have
the right to convert the collection process to a full dominion financing arrangement with the Bank, which will involve collections through
a lockbox maintained at the Bank, and in accordance with the terms of the Bank s customary lockbox procedures. If a full dominion
financing arrangement is implemented hereunder, Borrower shall execute a lockbox agreement and a letter authorizing the forwarding of
Borrower s mail to a Post Office Box which can be accessed by designated representatives of the Bank. 

5.
 NEGATIVE COVENANTS 

Until
the principal of and interest on each Loan and all fees and other amounts payable under the Loan Documents shall have been paid in full
and all Letters of Credit have expired and all LC Obligations have been reimbursed, each Entity Loan Party agrees to comply with the
covenants set forth in this Article 5. 

5.1
 Financial Covenants . Until the principal of and interest on each Loan and all fees and other amounts payable under the Loan Documents
shall have been paid in full and all Letters of Credit have expired and all LC Obligations have been reimbursed, the Borrower agrees
to comply with the financial covenants set forth on Annex 2 hereto. 

- 23 - 

5.2
 Indebtedness . Borrower will not, and will not permit any Subsidiary (if any) to, create, incur, assume or permit to exist any
Indebtedness, except: 

(a) 
 Indebtedness under the
 Loan Documents; 

(b) 
 Indebtedness existing on
 the date hereof June ___, 2022 , but not any
 extensions, renewals or replacements of any such Indebtedness; 

(c) 
 Indebtedness of the Borrower
 or any Subsidiary incurred to finance the acquisition, construction or improvement of any fixed or capital assets, including Capital
 Lease Obligations and any Indebtedness assumed in connection with the acquisition of any such assets or secured by a Lien on any
 such assets prior to the acquisition thereof, and extensions, renewals and replacements of any such Indebtedness that do not increase
 the outstanding principal amount thereof, provided that (A) such Indebtedness is incurred prior to or within 90 days after such acquisition
 or the completion of such construction or improvement and (B) the aggregate principal amount of Indebtedness permitted by this clause
 iii c shall not exceed
 15,000 250,000 at any time outstanding;
 and 

(d) 
 Guaranties in favor of
 the Bank. 

5.3
 Liens . Borrower will not, and will not permit any Subsidiary to, create, incur, assume or permit to exist any Lien on any property
or asset now owned or hereafter acquired by it, or assign or sell any income or revenues (including accounts receivable) or rights in
respect of any thereof, except: 

(a) 
 Permitted Liens; and 

(b) 
 Liens created under the
 Loan Documents. 

5.4
 Fundamental Changes . Borrower will not nor will it permit any Subsidiary to, merge into or consolidate with any other Person,
or permit any other Person to merge into or consolidate with it, or sell, transfer, lease or otherwise dispose of (in one transaction
or in a series of transactions) all or substantially all of its assets, or all or substantially all of the equity securities of any of
the Subsidiaries (in each case, whether now owned or hereafter acquired), or liquidate or dissolve. 

5.5
 Investments, Loans, Advances, Guarantees and Acquisitions . Borrower will not, and will not permit any of its Subsidiaries to,
acquire or form any new Subsidiaries after the Closing Date, acquire, form or suffer to exist any new Affiliates after the Closing Date,
purchase, hold or acquire (including pursuant to any merger, other than a merger permitted by Section 5.4 any Stock, evidences
of indebtedness or other securities (including any option, warrant or other right to acquire any of the foregoing) of, make or permit
to exist any loans or advances to, guarantee any obligations of, or make or permit to exist any investment or any other interest in,
any other Person, or purchase or otherwise acquire (in one transaction or a series of transactions (including pursuant to any merger))
any assets of any other Person constituting a business unit, except: 

(a) 
 Permitted Investments; 

- 24 - 

(b) 
 investments existing on
 the date as of the last financial statement furnished to the Bank as set forth on Annex 2 ; 

(c) 
 Investments consisting
 of extensions of credit in the nature of accounts receivable arising from the grant of trade credit in the ordinary course of business; 

(d) 
 loans and advances to officers,
 directors and employees of Borrower or any Subsidiary in the ordinary course of the business of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries
 as presently conducted in compliance with all applicable laws (including, to the extent applicable, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002,
 as amended) in an aggregate principal amount not to exceed 5,000 at any time outstanding; and 

(e) 
 investments made by Borrower
 in the equity securities of any Domestic Subsidiary and made by any Domestic Subsidiary in the equity securities of any other Domestic
 Subsidiary provided that (i) any such equity securities owned by Borrower or any Domestic Subsidiary shall become Collateral pursuant
 to this Agreement. 

5.6
 Asset Sales . Borrower will not, nor will it permit any of the Subsidiaries to, sell, transfer, lease or otherwise dispose (including
pursuant to a merger, other than a merger permitted by Section 5.4 of any asset, including any equity securities, nor will Borrower
issue, or permit any of the Subsidiaries to issue, any additional shares of its equity securities, except: 

(a) 
 sales, transfers, leases
 and other dispositions of inventory, used or surplus equipment and Permitted Investments, in each case in the ordinary course of
 business and other assets having a value not in excess of 25,000 in any fiscal year; 

(b) 
 sales, transfers, leases
 and other dispositions made by the Borrower to any Subsidiary and made by any Subsidiary to the Borrower or any other Subsidiary; 

(c) 
 dispositions of fixed or
 capital assets to the extent that (i) such property is exchanged for credit against the purchase price of other replacement fixed
 or capital assets or (ii) the proceeds of such disposition are reasonably promptly applied to the purchase price of such fixed or
 capital assets; 

(d) 
 the settlement or write-off
 of Accounts Receivable or assignment of overdue Accounts Receivable for collection in the ordinary course of business consistent
 with past practice; and 

(e) 
 dispositions of assets
 having a value not in excess of 25,000 in any fiscal year that are worn out or no longer used or useful in the conduct of business. 

5.7
 Sale-and-Leaseback transactions . Borrower will not, nor will it permit any of the Subsidiaries to, enter into any arrangement,
directly or indirectly, with any Person whereby it shall sell or transfer any Property used or useful in its business, whether now owned
or hereafter acquired, and thereafter rent or lease such Property or other Property that it intends to use for substantially the same
purpose or purposes as the Property being sold or transferred. 

- 25 - 

5.8
 Restricted Payments . Except as otherwise set forth in this Agreement, Borrower will not nor will it permit any of the Subsidiaries
to, (i) declare or make, or agree to pay for or make, directly or indirectly, any Restricted Payment, or (ii) be or become liable in
respect of any obligation (contingent or otherwise) to purchase, redeem, retire, acquire or make any other payment in respect of its
equity securities or any option, warrant or other right to acquire any such shares of equity securities. 

5.9
 Transactions with Affiliates . Except as otherwise permitted under Annex 2 of this Agreement, Borrower will not sell, transfer,
lease or otherwise dispose of (including pursuant to a merger, other than a merger permitted by Section 5.4 any property or assets
to, or purchase, lease or otherwise acquire (including pursuant to a merger) any property or assets from, or otherwise engage in any
other transactions with, any of its Affiliates, except in the ordinary course of business at prices and on terms and conditions not less
favorable to Borrower than could be obtained on an arms-length basis from unrelated third parties. 

5.10
 Restrictive Agreements . Borrower will not, nor will it permit any of the Subsidiaries to, directly or indirectly, enter into,
incur or permit to exist any agreement or other arrangement that prohibits, restricts or imposes any condition upon (a) the ability of
Borrower or any Subsidiary to create, incur or permit to exist any Lien upon any of its property or assets or (b) the ability of any
Subsidiary to pay dividends or other distributions with respect to any shares of its equity securities or to make or repay loans or advances
to Borrower or any other Subsidiary or to guarantee Indebtedness of Borrower or any other Subsidiary, provided that (i) the foregoing
shall not apply to restrictions and conditions imposed by law or by this Agreement, and (ii) the foregoing shall not apply to customary
restrictions and conditions contained in agreements relating to the sale of a Subsidiary pending such sale, provided that such restrictions
and conditions apply only to the Subsidiary that is to be sold and such sale is permitted hereunder, (iv) clause (a) of this Section
shall not apply to restrictions or conditions imposed by any agreement relating to secured Indebtedness permitted by this Agreement if
such restrictions or conditions apply only to the Property securing such Indebtedness and (v) clause (a) of this Section shall
not apply to customary provisions in leases restricting the assignment thereof. 

5.11
 Amendment of Material Documents . Borrower will not, nor will it permit any of its Subsidiaries to amend, modify or waive any of
its rights under its Organizational Documents, other than immaterial amendments, modifications or waivers that would not reasonably be
expected to adversely affect the Bank. In furtherance of the foregoing, Borrower will not change its name, its type of organization or
jurisdiction of organization without (x) giving the Bank at least thirty (30) days prior written notice thereof and (y) taking all actions
required to maintain the perfection and priority of the Lien of the Bank on all Collateral. 

5.12
 Lines of Business . Borrower will not, nor will it permit any of its Subsidiaries to, engage in any business other than the business
in which it is engaged on the date hereof and any business reasonably similar, complimentary, ancillary or related thereto. 

5.13
 Accounting Changes . Borrower will not, nor will it permit any of the Subsidiaries to make or permit, any change in (i) accounting
policies or reporting practices except as required by GAAP or (ii) its fiscal year. 

- 26 - 

5.14
 Hedging Agreements . Borrower will not, nor will it permit any of its Subsidiaries to, enter into any Hedging Agreement, other
than Hedging Agreements entered into in the ordinary course of business to hedge or mitigate risks to which Borrower or any Subsidiary
is exposed in the conduct of its business or the management of its liabilities. 

6.
 DEFAULT 

6.1
 Default . Event of Default shall mean the occurrence of one or more of any of the following events: 

(a) 
 default of any liability,
 obligation, covenant or undertaking of Borrower to the Bank or any Bank Affiliate, whether hereunder or otherwise, including, without
 limitation, failure to pay in full and when due (whether by acceleration or otherwise) any installment of principal or interest,
 or default of Borrower, under any other Loan Document or any other agreement with the Bank or any Bank Affiliate; or 

(b) 
 failure of Borrower or
 any other party which has given collateral to the Bank under the Loan Documents to maintain aggregate collateral security value satisfactory
 to the Bank; or 

(c) 
 default of any debt, liability,
 obligation, covenant or undertaking of Borrower to Bank or any Bank Affiliate; or 

(d) 
 if any statement, representation
 or warranty heretofore, now or hereafter made by Borrower in connection with this Agreement or in any supporting financial statement
 of Borrower shall be determined by the Bank to have been false or misleading in any material respect when made or deemed made; or 

(e) 
 the liquidation, termination
 or dissolution of Borrower, or the merger or consolidation of such entity into another entity, or its ceasing to carry on actively
 its present business or the appointment of a receiver for its property; or 

(f) 
 if Borrower is a partnership,
 limited liability company, S corporation or corporation having a single shareholder who is an individual, the death
 or judicial declaration of incompetence of any partner, member or equity holder; or 

(g) 
 an Overadvance arises in
 any manner or on terms not otherwise approved of in advance by the Bank in writing; or 

(h) 
 an event of default or
 termination event (however defined) occurs under any derivative, foreign exchange, or similar transaction or arrangement entered
 into between Borrower and the Bank or any Bank Affiliate; or 

(i) 
 a Change of Control shall
 occur; or 

(j) 
 any change in the management
 of Borrower that results in Andrew Gordon no longer being the President of Coffee Holding or Manager of Organic Products: or 

- 27 - 

(k) 
 if Borrower any Guarantor
 becomes insolvent or admits in a writing an inability to pay debts as they mature, or Borrower or any Guarantor makes an assignment
 for the benefit of creditors; or Borrower or any Guarantor applies for or consents to the appointment of any receiver, trustee, or
 similar officer for the benefit of Borrower or any Guarantor, or for any of their properties; or any receiver, trustee or similar
 officer is appointed without the application or consent of Borrower or any Guarantor and such appointment is not terminated within
 thirty (30) days of such appointment; or any judgment, writ, warrant of attachment or execution or similar process is issued or levied
 against a substantial part of the property of Borrower or any Guarantor and such process is not terminated, dismissed, or withdrawn
 within thirty (30) days of such occurrence; or 

(l) 
 if Borrower or any Guarantor
 files a petition under any chapter of the United States Bankruptcy Code or under the laws of any other jurisdiction naming Borrower
 or any Guarantor as debtor; or any such petition is instituted against Borrower or any Guarantor and such petition is not dismissed
 within thirty (30) days of filing; or Borrower or any Guarantor institutes (by petition, application, answer, consent or otherwise)
 any bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, debt arrangement, dissolution, liquidation or similar proceeding under the laws of any
 jurisdiction; or any such proceeding is instituted (by petition, application or otherwise) against Borrower or any Guarantor and
 such proceeding is not dismissed within thirty (30) days of filing; or 

(m) 
 any levy, lien (including,
 without limitation, a mechanics lien), seizure, attachment, execution or similar process shall be issued or levied on any of the
 property of Borrower involving monetary damages aggregating more than 25,000 250,000
 which shall not have been released, bonded, satisfied, vacated or stayed within thirty (30) days of such occurrence; or 

(n) 
 this Agreement or any other
 Loan Document, or any provision thereof, shall for any reason cease to be in full force and effect in accordance with its terms or
 Borrower or any Guarantor shall so assert in writing; or 

(o) 
 Bank s security interest
 in any of the Collateral fails to be a first priority security interest; or 

(p) 
 an arbitration award, judgment,
 or decree or order for the payment of money in an amount in excess of 25,000 250,000
 which is not insured or subject to indemnity, is entered against Borrower which is not bonded, satisfied, stayed or appealed
 within thirty (30) days of such occurrence; or 

(q) 
 Borrower is in default
 with respect to any bond, debenture, note or other evidence of material indebtedness issued by Borrower that is held by any third
 Person other than the Bank, or under any instrument under which any such evidence of indebtedness has been issued or by which it
 is governed, or under any material lease or other contract, and the applicable grace period, if any, has expired, regardless of whether
 such default has been waived by the holder of such indebtedness; or 

- 28 - 

(r) 
 Borrower liquidates, dissolves,
 terminates or suspends its business operations or otherwise fails to operate its business in the ordinary course, or merges with
 another Person; or sells or attempts to sell all or substantially all of its assets; or 

(s) 
 Borrower fails to pay any
 indebtedness or obligation owed to the Bank which is unrelated to this Agreement as it becomes due and payable; or 

(t) 
 Borrower engages in any
 act prohibited by any Subordination Agreement, or makes any payment on Subordinated Indebtedness (as defined in the Subordination
 Agreement) that the Subordinated Creditor was not contractually entitled to receive; or] 

(u) 
 any director, officer or
 owner of at least 10 of the issued and outstanding Stock of Borrower is indicted for a felony offence under state or federal law,
 or Borrower hires an officer or appoints a director who has been convicted of any such felony offense, or a Person becomes an owner
 of at least 10 of the Stock of Borrower who has been convicted of any such felony offense; or 

(v) 
 any ERISA Event, which
 the Bank in good faith believes to constitute sufficient grounds for termination of any Plan or for the appointment of a trustee
 to administer any Plan, has occurred and is continuing thirty (30) days after the Borrower gives the Bank a written notice of the
 ERISA Event; or a trustee is appointed by an appropriate court to administer any Plan; or the PBGC institutes proceedings to terminate
 or appoint a trustee to administer any Plan; or Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate files for a distress termination of any Plan under
 Title IV of ERISA; or Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate fails to make any quarterly Plan contribution required under Section 4.12(m)
 of the TAX CODE, which the Bank in good faith believes may, either by itself or in combination with other failures, result in
 the imposition of a Lien on Borrower s assets in favor of the Plan; or any withdrawal, partial withdrawal, reorganization or
 other event occurs with respect to a Multiemployer Plan which could reasonably be expected to result in a material liability by Borrower
 to the Multiemployer Plan under Title IV of ERISA; or 

(w) 
 the occurrence of such
 a change in the condition, affairs (financial or otherwise) or operations of Borrower, or the occurrence of any other event or circumstance,
 such that the Bank, in its sole discretion, deems that it is insecure or that the prospects for timely or full payment or performance
 of any obligation of Borrower to the Bank has been or may be impaired. 

- 29 - 

6.2
 Acceleration . If an Event of Default shall occur, at the election of the Bank, but automatically in the case of an Event of Default
under Sections 6.1(k and 6.1(l) above, all Obligations shall become immediately due and payable without notice or demand.
The Bank is hereby authorized, at its election, after an Event of Default, without any further demand or notice except to such extent
as notice may be required by applicable law, to take possession and/or sell or otherwise dispose of all or any of the Collateral at public
or private sale; and the Bank may also exercise any and all other rights and remedies of a secured party under the Code or which are
otherwise accorded to it in equity or at law, all as Bank may determine, and such exercise of rights in compliance with the requirements
of law will not be considered adversely to affect the commercial reasonableness of any sale or other disposition of the Collateral. If
notice of a sale or other action by the Bank is required by applicable law, unless the Collateral is perishable or threatens to decline
speedily in value or is of a type customarily sold on a recognized market, Borrower agrees that ten (10) days written notice to
such party, or the shortest period of written notice permitted by such law, whichever is smaller, shall be sufficient notice; and that
to the extent permitted by law, the Bank, Bank Affiliates, its officers, attorneys and agents may bid and become purchasers at any such
sale, if public, and may purchase at any private sale any of the Collateral that is of a type customarily sold on a recognized market
or which is the subject of widely distributed standard price quotations. Any sale (public or private) shall be without warranty and free
from any right of redemption, which Borrower hereby waives and releases. No purchaser at any sale (public or private) shall be responsible
for the application of the purchase money. The proceeds of any collection or of any sale or disposition of the Collateral held pursuant
to this Agreement shall be applied towards the Obligations in such order and manner as the Bank determines in its sole discretion, any
statute, custom or usage to the contrary notwithstanding and the Bank shall have the unrestricted right from time to time to change any
application already made of the proceeds of any of the Collateral to any of the Obligations, as the Bank in its sole discretion may determine.
Any balance of the net proceeds of sale remaining after paying all Obligations of the Borrower to the Bank shall be returned to Borrower
or such other Person as may be legally entitled thereto; and if there is a deficiency, the Borrower shall be responsible for repayment
of the same, with interest. Upon demand by the Bank, Borrower shall assemble the Collateral and make it available to the Bank at a place
designated by the Bank which is reasonably convenient to the Bank and such party. Borrower hereby acknowledges that the Bank has extended
credit and other financial accommodations to the Borrower upon reliance of Borrower granting the Bank the rights and remedies contained
in this Agreement including without limitation the right to take immediate possession of the Collateral upon the occurrence of an Event
of Default and Borrower hereby acknowledges that the Bank is entitled to equitable and injunctive relief to enforce any of its rights
and remedies hereunder or under the Code and Borrower hereby waives any defense to such equitable or injunctive relief based upon any
allegation of the absence of irreparable harm to the Bank. The Bank may for any reason apply for the appointment of a receiver of the
Collateral (to which appointment Borrower hereby consents) without the necessity of posting a bond or other form of security (which Borrower
hereby Borrower Cash Collateralize the LC Obligations at such time, such Cash Collateral to be held by the Bank in a Cash Collateral
Account on terms and conditions satisfactory to the Bank in its sole discretion. 

Borrower
acknowledges that any exercise by the Bank of the Bank s rights upon an Event of Default may be subject to compliance by the Bank
with any Requirement of Law of any Governmental Authority, and may impose, without limitation, any of the foregoing restricting the sale
of securities. The Bank, in its sole discretion at any such sale, may restrict the prospective bidders or purchasers as to their number,
nature of business and investment intentions, and may impose, without limitation, a requirement that the Persons making such purchases
represent and agree, to the satisfaction of the Bank, that they are purchasing the Collateral for their own account, for investment,
and not with a view to the distribution or resale thereof. 

The
Bank shall not be required to marshal any present or future security for (including but not limited to this Agreement and the Collateral
subject to the security interest created hereby), or Guarantees of, the Obligations or any of them, or to resort to such security or
Guarantees in any particular order; and all of its rights hereunder and in respect of such securities and Guaranties shall be cumulative
and in addition to all other rights, however existing or arising. To the extent that it lawfully may do so, Borrower hereby agrees that
it will not invoke any law relating to the marshaling of collateral which might cause delay in or impede the enforcement of the Bank s
rights under this Agreement or under any other instrument evidencing any of the Obligations or under which any of the Obligations is
outstanding or by which any of the Obligations is secured or guaranteed, and to the extent that it lawfully may do so, Borrower hereby
irrevocably waives the benefits of all such laws. Except as required by applicable law, the Bank shall have no duty as to the collection
or protection of the Collateral or any income thereon, nor as to the preservation of rights against prior parties, nor as to the preservation
of any rights pertaining thereto beyond the safe custody thereof. 

- 30 - 

6.3
 Power of Attorney . Borrower hereby irrevocably constitutes and appoints the Bank as Borrower s true and lawful attorney,
with full power of substitution, at the sole cost and expense of Borrower but for the sole benefit of the Bank, upon the occurrence of
an Event of Default, to convert the Collateral into cash, including, without limitation, completing the manufacture or processing of
work in process, and the sale (either public or private) of all or any portion or portions of the inventory and other Collateral; to
use pursuant to a royalty free license all of Borrower s intellectual property; to enforce collection of the Collateral, either
in its own name or in the name of Borrower, including, without limitation, executing releases or waivers, compromising or settling with
any Account Debtors and prosecuting, defending, compromising or releasing any action relating to the Collateral; to receive, open and
dispose of all mail addressed to Borrower and to take therefrom any remittances or proceeds of Collateral in which the Bank has a security
interest; to notify Post Office authorities to change the address for delivery of mail addressed to Borrower to such address as the Bank
shall designate; to endorse the name of Borrower in favor of the Bank upon any and all checks, drafts, money orders, notes, acceptances
or other instruments of the same or different nature; to sign and endorse the name of Borrower on and to receive as secured party any
of the Collateral, any invoices, freight or express receipts, or bills of lading, storage receipts, warehouse receipts, or other documents
of title of the same or different nature relating to the Collateral; to sign the name of Borrower on any notice of the Account Debtors
or on verification of the Collateral; and to sign, if necessary, and file or record on behalf of Borrower any financing or other statement
in order to perfect or protect the Bank s security interest. The Bank shall not be obliged to do any of the acts or exercise any
of the powers hereinabove authorized, but if the Bank elects to do any such act or exercise any such power, it shall not be accountable
for more than it actually receives as a result of such exercise of power, and it shall not be responsible to Borrower except for its
own gross negligence or willful misconduct. All powers conferred upon the Bank by this Agreement, being coupled with an interest, shall
be irrevocable so long as any Obligation of Borrower to the Bank shall remain unpaid or the Bank is obligated under this Agreement to
extend any credit to the Borrower. 

6.4
 Nonexclusive Remedies . All of the Bank s rights and remedies not only under the provisions of this Agreement but also under
any other agreement or transaction shall be cumulative and not alternative or exclusive, and may be exercised by the Bank at such time
or times and in such order of preference as the Bank in its sole discretion may determine. 

6.5
 Reassignment to Loan Party . Whenever the Bank deems it desirable that any legal action be instituted with respect to any Collateral
or that any other action be taken in any attempt to effectuate collection of any Collateral, the Bank may reassign the item in question
to Borrower (and if the Bank shall execute any such reassignment, it shall automatically be deemed to be without warranty or recourse
to the Bank in any event) and require Borrower to proceed with such legal or other action at Borrower s sole liability, cost and
expense, in which event all amounts collected by Borrower on such item shall nevertheless be subject to the Bank s security interest. 

- 31 - 

7.
 MISCELLANEOUS 

7.1
 Waivers . Borrower waives notice of intent to accelerate, notice of acceleration, notice of nonpayment, demand, presentment, protest
or notice of protest of the Obligations, and all other notices, consents to any renewals or extensions of time of payment thereof, and
generally waives any and all suretyship defenses and defenses in the nature thereof. 

7.2
 Severability . If any provision of this Agreement or portion of such provision or the application thereof to any Person or circumstance
shall to any extent be held invalid or unenforceable, the remainder of this Agreement (or the remainder of such provision) and the application
thereof to other persons or circumstances shall not be affected thereby. 

7.3
 Deposit Collateral . Borrower hereby grants to the Bank and any Bank Affiliate a continuing lien and security interest in any and
all deposits or other sums at any time credited by or due from the Bank or any Bank Affiliate to Borrower and any cash, securities, instruments
or other property of Borrower in the possession of the Bank or any Bank Affiliate, whether for safekeeping or otherwise, or in transit
to or from the Bank or any Bank Affiliate (regardless of the reason the Bank or Bank Affiliate had received the same or whether the Bank
or Bank Affiliate has conditionally released the same) as security for the full and punctual payment and performance of all of the liabilities
and obligations of the Borrower to the Bank or any Bank Affiliate and such deposits and other sums may be applied or set off against
such liabilities and obligations of the Borrower to the Bank or any Bank Affiliate at any time, whether or not such are then due, whether
or not demand has been made and whether or not other collateral is then available to the Bank or any Bank Affiliate. 

7.4
 Indemnification . Borrower shall indemnify, defend and hold the Bank and any Bank Affiliate and their respective directors, officers,
employees, agents and attorneys (each, an Indemnitee harmless of and from any claim brought or threatened against
any Indemnitee by Borrower or endorser of the Obligations, or any other Person (as well as from reasonable attorneys fees and
expenses in connection therewith) on account of the Bank s relationship with Borrower or endorser of the Obligations (each of which
may be defended, compromised, settled or pursued by the Bank with counsel of the Bank s election, but at the expense of Borrower),
except for any claim arising out of the gross negligence or willful misconduct of the Bank or any Bank Affiliate. The within indemnification
shall survive payment of the Obligations, and/or any termination, release or discharge executed by the Bank in favor of Borrower. 

7.5
 Costs and Expenses . The Borrower shall pay to the Bank on demand any and all costs and expenses (including, without limitation,
reasonable attorneys fees and disbursements, court costs, litigation and other expenses) incurred or paid by the Bank in the preparation
of this Agreement and any modifications thereto, and in establishing, maintaining, protecting or enforcing any of the Bank s rights
or the Obligations, including, without limitation, any and all such costs and expenses incurred or paid by the Bank (a) in defending
the Bank s security interest in, title or right to the Collateral or in collecting or attempting to collect or enforcing or attempting
to enforce payment of the Obligations and (b) in any bankruptcy or other proceeding related to Borrower. 

- 32 - 

7.6
 Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, each of which shall be an original, but all of which,
taken together, shall constitute but one agreement. Any party to a Loan Document may rely on signatures of the parties thereto or in
any notice or communication delivered pursuant thereto which are transmitted by facsimile or other electronic means as fully as if manually
signed. 

7.7
 Complete Agreement . This Agreement and the other Loan Documents constitute the entire agreement and understanding between and
among the parties hereto relating to the subject matter hereof, and supersedes all prior and contemporaneous proposals, negotiations,
agreements and understandings among the parties hereto with respect to such subject matter. 

7.8
 Binding Effect of Agreement . This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the respective heirs, executors,
administrators, legal representatives, successors and assigns of the parties hereto, and shall remain in full force and effect (and the
Bank shall be entitled to rely thereon) until released in writing by the Bank. The Bank may transfer and assign this Agreement and deliver
the Collateral to the assignee, who shall thereupon have all of the rights of the Bank; and the Bank shall then be relieved and discharged
of any responsibility or liability with respect to this Agreement and the Collateral. Nothing herein, however, shall be construed as
prohibiting the Bank from pledging any Note or Obligations to any Federal Reserve Bank. Borrower may not assign or transfer any of its
rights or delegate any of its obligations under this Agreement. Except as expressly provided herein or in the other Loan Documents, nothing,
expressed or implied, is intended to confer upon any party, other than the parties hereto, any rights, remedies, obligations or liabilities
under or by reason of this Agreement or the other Loan Documents. 

7.9
 Amendments and Waivers . No amendment or waiver of this Agreement or any other Loan Document or any provision hereof or thereof,
and no consent to any departure by Borrower therefrom, shall be effective unless the same shall be in writing and signed by the Bank
and each such waiver or consent shall be effective only in the specific instance and for the specific purpose for which given. No course
of dealing and no delay or omission on the part of Bank in exercising any right hereunder shall operate as a waiver of such right or
any other right and waiver on any one or more occasions shall not be construed as a bar to or waiver of any right or remedy of Bank on
any future occasion. The rights, remedies, powers and privileges herein provided or provided in the other Loan Documents are cumulative
and not exclusive of any rights, remedies powers and privileges provided by law. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, to
the extent permitted by law, the making of a Credit Extension shall not be construed as a waiver of any Event of Default, regardless
of whether the Bank may have had notice or knowledge of such Event of Default at the time. 

7.10
 Additional Lender . The Bank, at its option, may designate another institutional lender to replace the Bank in providing all or
a portion of the Loans (the Additional Lender ), and Borrower shall cooperate with the same. In connection with the
Additional Lender replacing the Bank, as the lender of all or a portion of the Loans, this Agreement and the other Loan Documents shall,
at the sole election of the Bank, be split or divided into two loan and security agreements, each of which shall cover all or a portion
of the Collateral, as designated by the Bank. To that end, Borrower, upon written request of the Bank, shall execute, acknowledge and
deliver to the Bank and/or its designee or designees substitute notes, loan agreements, security instruments and security agreements
in such principal amounts, containing terms, provisions and clauses substantially identical to those contained in this Agreement, and
such other documents and instruments (subject to the provisions hereof), in favor of the Additional Lender (the Additional
Lender Documents and appropriate amendments to this Loan Agreement and the other Loan Documents (including without limitation
an intercreditor agreement between the Bank and the Additional Lender), all as may be reasonably required by the Bank. Without limiting
the foregoing, the Additional Lender Documents and the amendment to this Loan Agreement, shall provide that an Event of Default under
the Additional Lender Documents constitute an Event of Default under the Loan Documents, and vice versa. 

- 33 - 

7.11
 Terms of Agreement . This Agreement shall continue in full force and effect so long as any Obligations or obligation of Borrower
to Bank shall be outstanding, or the Bank shall have any obligation to extend any financial accommodation hereunder, and is supplementary
to each and every other agreement between or among Borrower and Bank and shall not be so construed as to limit or otherwise derogate
from any of the rights or remedies of Bank or any of the liabilities, obligations or undertakings of or among Borrower under any such
agreement, nor shall any contemporaneous or subsequent agreement between or among Borrower and the Bank be construed to limit or otherwise
derogate from any of the rights or remedies of Bank or any of the liabilities, obligations or undertakings of or among Borrower hereunder,
unless such other agreement specifically refers to this Agreement and expressly so provides. 

7.12
 Notices . Unless otherwise specifically provided herein, any notice delivered under this Agreement shall be in writing addressed
to the respective party as set forth below and may be personally served, sent by facsimile transmission or sent by overnight courier
service or certified or registered United States mail and shall be deemed to have been given (a) if delivered in person, when delivered;
(b) if delivered by facsimile transmission or electronic mail, on the date of transmission if transmitted on a Business Day before 4:00
p.m. (New York Time) or, if not, on the next succeeding Business Day (provided that, in either case, the sender shall have received from
the recipient a confirmation of transmission (in addition to any electronic confirmation of receipt generated by the facsimile or electronic
mail system); (c) if delivered by overnight courier, one business day after delivery to such courier properly addressed and with shipping
charges paid; or (d) if by United States mail, three business days after deposit in the United States mail, registered or certified mail,
postage prepaid, return receipt requested, and properly addressed. 

Notices
shall be addressed as follows: 

If
to the Bank, to: 

Sterling
National Bank 
400 Rella Boulevard 
P. O. Box 600 
Montebello, New York 10901-4256 
Attention: Commercial Loan Dept. 
Fax No.: 845-369-8175 

- 34 - 

With
a copy to: 

Sterling
National Webster 
 Bank , National Association 
 500 Seventh 360 Lexington Avenue ,
5 th Floor 
New York, New York 10018-4603 
Attention: Mr. Mark J. Long 
Fax No.: 212- 869-5579 10017 

Attention:
Portfolio Manager - URGENT 

And
a copy to: 

Greenberg
Traurig LLP Otterbourg P.C. 
 500 Campus Drive 230 Park Avenue 
 Florham Park, N.J. 07932 New York, NY 10169 
Attention: James A. Dempsey Thomas P. Duignan 
Fax No.: 973-295-1263 212-682-6104 

If
to Borrowers, to: 

Coffee
Holding Co., Inc. 
Organic Products Trading Company LLC 
3475 Victory Boulevard 
Staten Island, New York 10314 
Attention: Andrew Gordon 
Fax No.: ________________ 

With
a copy to: 

Lowenstein
Sandler LLP 
1251 Avenue of the Americas 
New York, NY 10020 
Attn: Steven M. Skolnick 
Fax No.: 973-597-2477 

or
in any case, to such other address as the party addressed shall have previously designated by written notice to the serving party, given
in accordance with this Section. Notwithstanding the foregoing, any notice, request or demand by Borrowers to or upon the Bank to make
a Credit Extension shall not be effective until received. 

7.13
 Governing Law . This Agreement has been executed or completed and/or is to be performed in New York, and it and all transactions
thereunder or pursuant thereto shall be governed as to interpretation, validity, effect, rights, duties and remedies of the parties thereunder
and in all other respects by the laws of New York, without giving effect to the conflicts of laws principles thereof, but including Sections
5-1401 and 5-1402 of the General Obligations Law. 

- 35 - 

7.14
 Reproductions; Disclosures . This Agreement and all documents which have been or may be hereinafter furnished by Borrower to the
Bank may be reproduced by the Bank by any photographic, photostatic, microfilm, xerographic or similar process, and any such reproduction
shall be admissible in evidence as the original itself in any judicial or administrative proceeding (whether or not the original is in
existence and whether or not such reproduction was made in the regular course of business). The Bank may refer to Borrower and this financing
transaction in general terms in connection with any marketing material undertaken by the Bank. Borrower shall not issue any press releases
or other disclosure regarding this financing transaction without the prior written consent of the Bank. 

7.15
 Completing and Correcting this Agreement . Borrower authorizes the Bank to fill in any blank spaces and to otherwise complete this
Agreement and to correct any patent errors herein. 

7.16
 ADDITIONAL WAIVERS . IN ANY ACTION, SUIT OR PROCEEDING IN RESPECT OF OR ARISING OUT OF THIS AGREEMENT, BORROWER WAIVES (i) THE
RIGHT TO INTERPOSE ANY SET-OFF OR COUNTERCLAIM OF ANY NATURE OR DESCRIPTION, (ii) ANY OBJECTION BASED ON FORUM NON CONVENIENS OR VENUE
AND (iii) ANY CLAIM FOR CONSEQUENTIAL, PUNITIVE OR SPECIAL DAMAGES. 

7.17
 Jurisdiction and Venue . Borrower irrevocably submits to the nonexclusive jurisdiction of any Federal or state court sitting in
New York County, over any suit, action or proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement. Borrower irrevocably waives, to the
fullest extent it may effectively do so under applicable law, any objection it may now or hereafter have to the laying of the venue of
any such suit, action or proceeding brought in any such court and any claim that the same has been brought in an inconvenient forum.
Borrower hereby consents to any and all process which may be served in any such suit, action or proceeding, (i) by mailing a copy thereof
by certified mail, postage prepaid, return receipt requested, and by first class mail to Borrower. Borrower s address shown in
this Agreement or as notified to the Bank in accordance with the terms of this Agreement or (ii) by serving the same upon Borrower in
any other manner otherwise permitted by law, and agrees that such service shall in every respect be deemed effective service on Borrower. 

7.18
 JURY WAIVER . BORROWER AND BANK EACH HEREBY KNOWINGLY, VOLUNTARILY AND INTENTIONALLY, AND AFTER AN OPPORTUNITY TO CONSULT WITH
LEGAL COUNSEL, (A) WAIVE ANY AND ALL RIGHTS TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT, THE OBLIGATIONS,
ALL MATTERS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY AND DOCUMENTS EXECUTED IN CONNECTION HEREWITH AND (B) AGREE NOT TO SEEK TO CONSOLIDATE ANY SUCH ACTION
WITH ANY OTHER ACTION IN WHICH A JURY TRIAL CANNOT BE, OR HAS NOT BEEN, WAIVED. BORROWER CERTIFIES THAT NEITHER THE BANK NOR ANY OF ITS
REPRESENTATIVES, AGENTS OR COUNSEL HAS REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY OR OTHERWISE, THAT THE BANK WOULD NOT IN THE EVENT OF ANY SUCH PROCEEDING
SEEK TO ENFORCE THIS WAIVER OF RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY. 

- 36 - 

7.19
 Joint and Several . All joint obligations of Borrowers shall be joint and several (whether or not expressly stated herein), and
irrespective of any limitation of borrowings under any sublimits, and such obligation and liability on the part of Borrowers shall in
no way be affected by any extensions, renewals and forbearance granted by Bank to Borrowers, failure of Bank to give Borrowers notice
of borrowing or any other notice, any failure of Bank to pursue or preserve its rights against Borrowers, the release by Bank of any
Collateral now or thereafter acquired from Borrowers, and such agreement by Borrowers to pay upon any notice issued pursuant thereto
is unconditional and unaffected by prior recourse by Bank to any other party or any Collateral for such Obligations or the lack thereof. 

7.20
 Construction . Each party to a Loan Document has been represented by counsel in connection with the Loan Documents and the transactions
contemplated thereby and has participated jointly with the other parties in the negotiation and drafting of this Agreement and the other
Loan Documents. In the event an ambiguity or question of intent or interpretation arises, this Agreement and the other Loan Documents
shall be construed as if drafted jointly by the parties hereto and no presumption or burden of proof shall arise favoring or disfavoring
any party by virtue of the authorship of any provisions of this Agreement. 

7.21
 USA PATRIOT Act Notice . The Bank hereby notifies Borrower that pursuant to the requirements of the USA Patriot Act (Title III
of Pub. L. 107-56 (signed into law October 26, 2001)) (the Patriot Act ), it is required to obtain, verify and record
information that identifies each Borrower, which information includes the name and address of each loan party and other information that
will allow the Bank to identify each Borrower in accordance with the Patriot Act. Borrower is in compliance, in all material respects,
with the Patriot Act. No part of the proceeds of the Credit Extensions will be used by any Borrower, directly or indirectly, for any
payments to any governmental official or employee, political party, official of a political party, candidate for political office, or
anyone else acting in an official capacity, in order to obtain, retain or direct business or obtain any improper advantage, in violation
of the United States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended. 

7.22
 Foreign Asset Control Regulations . Neither of the Credit Extensions nor the use of the proceeds of any thereof will violate the
Trading With the Enemy Act (50 U.S.C. 1 et seq., as amended) (the Trading with the Enemy Act or any of the
foreign assets control regulations of the United States Treasury Department (31 CFR, Subtitle B, Chapter V, as amended) (the Foreign
Assets Control Regulations or any enabling legislation or executive order relating thereto (including, without limitation
(a) Executive Order 13224 of September 21, 2001 Blocking Property and Prohibiting Transactions With Persons Who Commit, Threaten to Commit,
or Support Terrorism (66 Fed. Reg. 49079 (2001)) (the Executive Order and (b) the Uniting and Strengthening America
by Providing Appropriate Tools Required to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism Act of 2001 (Public Law 107-56)). Furthermore, no Borrower
and none of or its Affiliates (a) is or will become a blocked person as described in the Executive Order, the Trading With
the Enemy Act or the Foreign Assets Control Regulations or (b) engages or will engage in any dealings or transactions, or be otherwise
associated, with any such blocked person or in any manner violative of any such order. 

7.23
 Electronic Execution of Documents . The words execution, signed, signature, and words
of like import in any Loan Document shall be deemed to include electronic signatures or the keeping of records in electronic form, each
of which shall be of the same legal effect, validity or enforceability as a manually executed signature or the use of a paper-based recordkeeping
system, as the case may be, to the extent and as provided for in any applicable law, including the Federal Electronic Signatures in Global
and National Commerce Act, the New York State Electronic Signatures and Records Act, or any other similar state laws based on the Uniform
Electronic Transactions Act. 

7.24
 Application of Funds . All payments received by the Bank shall be applied as follows: first, to the payment of all fees and expenses
due from the Borrower to the Bank, other than late fees; second, to the payment of accrued and unpaid interest; third, to the payment
of principal on the Obligations; and fourth, to the payment of all late fees due from the Borrower to the Bank. 

[Remainder
of Page Intentionally Left Blank] 

- 37 - 

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF , the undersigned have caused this Agreement to be duly executed on their behalf as of the day and year written on
page 1 of this Agreement. 

Borrower : 
 
 Witness/Attest: 

COFFEE
 HOLDING CO., INC. 

By: 

By: 

Name: 
 
 Andrew
 Gordon 
 
 Name: 
 Andrew
 Gordon 
 
 Title: 
 Secretary 
 
 Title: 
 President 

ORGANIC
 PRODUCTS TRADING COMPANY LLC 

By: 

Name: 
 Andrew
 Gordon 

Title: 
 Manager 

- 38 - 

ACKNOWLEDGMENT
BY VALIDITY GUARANTORS 

The
Undersigned acknowledge that they are the Validity Guarantors with respect to the Revolving Credit Facility and the Existing Loan Documents;
that they executed Validity Guaranties in favor of the Bank with respect to Coffee Holding and Organic Products with respect to the Revolving
Credit Facility; that they are in agreement with the terms and provisions hereof; that they reaffirm in all respects the Validity Guaranties
they have executed in favor of the Bank; that they agree to execute and deliver to the Bank a Restated Validity Guaranty covering all
of the Borrowers; and that they are aware that the Bank is relying upon the prior Validity Guaranties, the Restated Validity Guaranty
and the assent of the Undersigned to the terms of this Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement and all documents executed in
conjunction therewith in amending and restating the Revolving Credit Facility and the Existing Loan Documents. 

WITNESS: 
 ____________________ 
 
 ____________________ (L.S.) 
 ANDREW
 GORDON 
 
 ____________________ 
 
 ____________________(L.S.) 
 DAVID
 GORDON 
 
 Accepted: 
 STERLING
 NATIONAL WEBSTER
 BANK ,
 NATIONAL ASSOCIATION 
 By:____________________ 
 Name:
 Mark J. Long 
 Title:
 Senior Vice President 

- 39 - 

ANNEX
1 

Definitions 

1.
 Defined Terms . As used in this Agreement, the following terms have the following meanings: 

Account
Debtor is used as defined in the Code. 

Account(s)
Receivable or Account shall mean all the applicable Entity Loan Party s accounts, accounts receivable, instruments,
documents, chattel paper, payment intangibles and all other debts, obligations and liabilities in whatever form owing to such Entity
Loan Party from any Person for goods sold by it or for services rendered by it, or however otherwise established or created, all supporting
obligations with respect thereto, all right, title and interest of such Entity Loan Party in the goods or services which gave rise thereto,
including rights to reclamation and stoppage in transit and all rights of any unpaid seller of goods or services; whether any of the
foregoing be now existing or hereafter arising, now or hereafter received by or owing or belonging to such Entity Loan Party. 

Adjusted
LIBOR Rate means, for any Loan, the greater or (a) 3.50 and (b) the rate per annum (rounded upwards, if
necessary, to the nearest 1/100 of 1 determined by Lender to be equal to the sum of the LIBOR Rate plus the Applicable Margin for
such Loan. 

Adjusted
Term SOFR means, for purposes of any calculation, the rate per annum equal to (a) Term SOFR for such calculation plus (b) the
Term SOFR Adjustment; provided that if Adjusted Term SOFR as so determined shall ever be less than the Floor, then Adjusted Term SOFR
shall be deemed to be the Floor. 

Applicable
Margin means, for any day with respect to a Revolving Loan, 1.75 per annum. 

Affiliate 
shall mean with respect to any Person, (a) any Person which, directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries controls, or is
controlled by, or is under common control with, such Person, or (b) any Person who is a director or officer (i) of such Person, (ii)
of any subsidiary of such Person, or (iii) any Person described in clause (a) above. For purposes of this definition, control
of a Person shall mean the power, direct or indirect, (ix) to vote 10 or more of the Stock or other form of ownership interest having
ordinary voting power for the election of directors (or the comparable equivalent) of such Person, or (y) to director or cause the direction
of the management and policies of such Person whether by contract or otherwise. Control may be by ownership, contract or otherwise. 

Agricultural
Lien Statute shall mean, collectively, each statute, law or regulation (or other mandatory provision of state or local law)
that could either (a) create or give rise to an agricultural lien in or against any portion of the products purchased, stored or otherwise
handled by any Person from whom any Entity Loan Party purchases inventory (or by any other Person from whom such first Person purchases
or otherwise receives goods in the ordinary course of business), or (b) create a Lien against, or impose a trust upon, some portion of
any Entity Loan Party s inventory (and/or the accounts derived therefrom) for the benefit of unpaid agricultural producers, any
broker acting on behalf of an agricultural producer, any cooperative whose members consist of agricultural producers or any other Person
that purchases goods from an agricultural producer in the ordinary course of business. 

A1- 1 

Anti-Corruption
Laws means all laws, rules, and regulations of any jurisdiction applicable to Credit Parties and their Subsidiaries from time
to time concerning or relating to bribery or corruption, all as amended, supplemented or replaced from time to time. 

Anti-Terrorism
Laws means any laws, rules and regulations of any jurisdiction applicable to Credit Parties and their Subsidiaries relating
to terrorism, trade sanctions programs and embargoes, import/export licensing, bribery, or money laundering, all as amended, supplemented
or replaced from time to time. 

Applicable
Law means, as to a Person, any law (statutory or common), treaty, ordinance, decree, rule, regulation, executive order or
code of a Governmental Authority or judgment, decree, injunction, order or determination of a court or binding arbitrator, in each case
applicable to or binding upon such Person or any of its property or to which such Person or any of its property is subject, including,
without limitation, all Environmental Laws, all Anti-Terrorism Laws, all Anti-Corruption Laws, the Patriot Act and the Trading with the
Enemy Act. 

Available
Tenor means, as of any date of determination and with respect to the then-current Benchmark, as applicable, (x) if such Benchmark
is a term rate, any tenor for such Benchmark (or component thereof) that is or may be used for determining the length of an interest
period pursuant to this Agreement or (y) otherwise, any payment period for interest calculated with reference to such Benchmark (or component
thereof) that is or may be used for determining any frequency of making payments of interest calculated with reference to such Benchmark,
in each case, as of such date and not including, for the avoidance of doubt, any tenor for such Benchmark that is then-removed from the
definition of Interest Period pursuant to Section 1.16(d). 

Bank
Affiliate shall mean any Affiliate of the Bank or the Bank, including, without limitation, or any of its banking or lending
affiliates, or any bank acting as a participant under any loan arrangement between the Bank and Borrower, or any third party acting on
the Bank s behalf. 

Bankruptcy
Code means the United States Bankruptcy Code (11 U.S.C. 101 et seq. ). 

Base
Rate means, for any day, a rate per annum equal to the highest of (a) the Wall Street Journal Prime Rate in effect on such day,
(b) the Federal Funds Rate in effect on such day plus 0.50 and (c) the Daily Adjusted Term SOFR Rate in effect on such day. Any change
in the Base Rate due to a change in the Wall Street Journal Prime Rate, the Federal Funds Rate or Daily Adjusted Term SOFR Rate shall
be effective from and including the effective date of such change in the Wall Street Journal Prime Rate, the Federal Funds Rate or Daily
Adjusted Term SOFR Rate, respectively. 

Benchmark 
means, initially, the Term SOFR Reference Rate; provided that if a Benchmark Transition Event has occurred with respect to the Term SOFR
Reference Rate or the then-current Benchmark, then Benchmark means the applicable Benchmark Replacement to the extent that
such Benchmark Replacement has replaced such prior benchmark rate pursuant to Section 1.16. 

A1- 2 

Benchmark
Replacement means with respect to any Benchmark Transition Event for the then-current Benchmark, the sum of: (a) the alternate
benchmark rate that has been selected by Lender giving due consideration to (i) any selection or recommendation of a replacement benchmark
rate or the mechanism for determining such a rate by the Relevant Governmental Body or (ii) any evolving or then-prevailing market convention
for determining a benchmark rate as a replacement to the then-current Benchmark for Dollar-denominated syndicated credit facilities and
(b) the related Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; provided that, if such Benchmark Replacement as so determined would be less than the
Floor, such Benchmark Replacement will be deemed to be the Floor for the purposes of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents. 

Benchmark
Replacement Adjustment means, with respect to any replacement of the then-current Benchmark with an Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement,
the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, (which may be a positive or negative value or
zero) that has been selected by Lender giving due consideration to (a) any selection or recommendation of a spread adjustment, or method
for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement of such Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark
Replacement by the Relevant Governmental Body or (b) any evolving or then-prevailing market convention for determining a spread adjustment,
or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement of such Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted
Benchmark Replacement for Dollar-denominated syndicated credit facilities. 

Benchmark
Replacement Date means the earliest to occur of the following events with respect to the then-current Benchmark: 

(1) in
the case of clause (1) or (2) of the definition of Benchmark Transition Event , the later of (i) the date of the public
statement or publication of information referenced therein and (ii) the date on which the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published
component used in the calculation thereof) permanently or indefinitely ceases to provide all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such
component thereof); or 

(2) in
the case of clause (3) of the definition of Benchmark Transition Event , the first date on which such Benchmark (or the
published component used in the calculation thereof) has been determined and announced by or on behalf of the administrator of such Benchmark
(or such component thereof) or the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) to be non-representative
or non-compliant with or non-aligned with the International Organization of Securities Commissions (IOSCO) Principles for Financial Benchmarks;
provided that such non-representativeness, non-compliance or non-alignment will be determined by reference to the most recent statement
or publication referenced in such clause (3) and even if any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) continues
to be provided on such date. 

For
the avoidance of doubt, the Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred in the case of clause (1) or (2)
with respect to any Benchmark upon the occurrence of the applicable event or events set forth therein with respect to all then-current
Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof). 

A1- 3 

Benchmark
Transition Event means the occurrence of one or more of the following events with respect to the then-current Benchmark: 

(1) a
public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used
in the calculation thereof) announcing that such administrator has ceased or will cease to provide all Available Tenors of such Benchmark
(or such component thereof), permanently or indefinitely; provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor
administrator that will continue to provide any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof); 

(2) a
public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published
component used in the calculation thereof), the Federal Reserve Board, the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, an insolvency official with
jurisdiction over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component), a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator
for such Benchmark (or such component) or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator
for such Benchmark (or such component), which states that the administrator of such Benchmark (or such component) has ceased or will
cease to provide all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) permanently or indefinitely; provided that, at the
time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide any Available Tenor of such
Benchmark (or such component thereof); or 

(3) a
public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used
in the calculation thereof) or the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) announcing
that all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) are not, or as of a specified future date will not be, representative
or in compliance with or aligned with the International Organization of Securities Commissions (IOSCO) Principles for Financial Benchmarks. 

For
the avoidance of doubt, a Benchmark Transition Event will be deemed to have occurred with respect to any Benchmark if a
public statement or publication of information set forth above has occurred with respect to each then-current Available Tenor of such
Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof). 

Benchmark
Transition Start Date means, in the case of a Benchmark Transition Event, the earlier of (a) the applicable Benchmark Replacement
Date and (b) if such Benchmark Transition Event is a public statement or publication of information of a prospective event, the 90th
day prior to the expected date of such event as of such public statement or publication of information (or if the expected date of such
prospective event is fewer than ninety (90) days after such statement or publication, the date of such statement or publication). 

Benchmark
Unavailability Period means, the period (if any) (a) beginning at the time that a Benchmark Replacement Date has occurred if,
at such time, no Benchmark Replacement has replaced the then-current Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Loan Document
in accordance with Section 1.16 and (b) ending at the time that a Benchmark Replacement has replaced the then-current Benchmark for all
purposes hereunder and under any Loan Document in accordance with Section 1.16. 

A1- 4 

Borrower 
or Borrowers shall mean collectively and individually,
and jointly and severally, Coffee Holding and /or Organic Products. 

Borrowing
Base Certificate shall mean the Borrowing Base Certificate in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A , delivered in accordance
with the terms and conditions of this Agreement. 

Business
Day shall mean any day of the year that is not a Saturday, Sunday or a day on which banks are required or authorized by law
to close in New York City. 

Capital
Lease Obligations of any Person shall mean the obligations of such Person to pay rent or other amounts under any lease of
(or other arrangement conveying the right to use) Property, which obligations are required to be classified and accounted for as capital
leases on a balance sheet of such Person under GAAP, and the amount of such obligations shall be the capitalized amount thereof determined
in accordance with GAAP. 

Cash
Collateral shall mean cash, and any interest or other income earned thereon, that is deposited with the Bank in accordance
with the Agreement to Cash Collateralize any LC Obligations. 

Cash
Collateral Account shall mean a demand deposit, money market or other account established by any Borrower at the Bank, which
account shall be subject to the Bank s Liens for the benefit of the Bank. 

Cash
Collateralize shall mean, with respect to LC Obligations arising from Letters of Credit outstanding on any date, the deposit
with the Bank of immediately available funds into the Cash Collateral Account in an amount equal to 110 of the sum of the aggregate
Undrawn Amounts of such Letters of Credit, plus all related fees and other amounts due or to become due in connection with such LC Obligations. 

Change
of Control shall mean any sale, conveyance, assignment or other transfer, directly or indirectly, of any ownership interest
in any Entity Loan Party or the sale of more than fifty percent (50 of the assets of any Entity Loan Party. 

 Closing
Date shall mean the date of execution of this Agreement. 

Code 
shall mean the Uniform Commercial Code of any applicable jurisdiction and, if the applicable jurisdiction shall not have any Uniform
Commercial Code, the Uniform Commercial Code as in effect in the State of New York; provided that, if by reason of mandatory provisions
of law, perfection, or the effect of perfection or non-perfection, of a security interest in any Collateral or the availability of any
remedy under the Loan Documents is governed by the Uniform Commercial Code as in effect in a jurisdiction other than New York, Uniform
Commercial Code means the Uniform Commercial Code as in effect in such other jurisdiction for purposes of the provisions hereof
relating to such perfection or effect of perfection or non-perfection or availability of such remedy, as the case may be. 

Collateral 
shall mean all right, title and interest of each Entity Loan Party or other third party which grants to the Bank a security interest
in its assets and property, in and to each of the following items, whether now owned or existing or hereafter created, acquired or arising,
and wherever located from time to time: 

(i) accounts
 (including, without limitation, health-care-insurance receivables and all accounts receivable
 of any kind); 

A1- 5 

(ii) chattel
 paper (including, without limitation, tangible and electronic); 

(iii) goods; 

(iv) inventory; 

(v) equipment
 and machinery; 

(vi) fixtures; 

(vii) farm
 products; 

(viii) instruments; 

(ix) investment
 property; 

(x) documents 

(xi) commercial
 tort claims; 

(xii) deposit
 accounts and money; 

(xiii) letter-of-credit
 rights; 

(xiv) general
 intangibles (including, without limitation, payment intangibles, patents, patent applications,
 trademarks, trademark applications, trade names, copyrights, copyright applications, software,
 engineering drawings, service marks, customer lists, goodwill, and all licenses, permits,
 agreements of any kind or nature pursuant to which the Borrower possesses, uses or has authority
 to possess or use property (whether tangible or intangible) of others or others possess,
 use or have authority to possess or use property (whether tangible or intangible) of the
 Borrower, and all recorded data of any kind or nature, regardless of the medium of recording
 including, without limitation, all software, writings, plans, specifications and schematics); 

(xv) supporting
 obligations; 

(xvi) vehicles; 

(xvii) contract
 rights and all rights to the payment of money; 

(xviii) uncertificated
 and certificated securities; security entitlements; 

(xix) all
 of each Borrower s ledger sheets, ledger cards, files, correspondence, records, books
 of account, business papers, computers, computer software (owned by any Borrower or in which
 it has an interest), computer programs, tapes, disks and documents relating to any item of
 Collateral listed herein; 

A1- 6 

(xx) intellectual
 property not otherwise listed; 

(xxi) insurance
 claims and proceeds; and 

(xxii) to
 the extent not included in the foregoing, all other personal property of any kind or description;
 and all accessions, additions, attachments, improvements, substitutions and replacements
 thereto and therefor; together with all books, records, writings, data bases, information
 and other property relating to, used or useful in connection with, or evidencing, embodying,
 incorporating or referring to any of the foregoing, and all proceeds, products, offspring,
 rents, issues, profits and returns of and from any of the foregoing. 

 Collateral
Access Agreement means a landlord waiver or subordination, bailee letter, acknowledgment agreement, use agreement or other
agreement of any lessor, warehouseman, processor, consignee, or other Person in possession of, having a Lien upon, or having rights or
interests in any of Credit Parties books and records, Equipment, Inventory or other Collateral, in each case, in form and substance
satisfactory to Lender in its Permitted Discretion. 

Conforming
Changes means, with respect to either the use or administration of Term SOFR or the use, administration, adoption or implementation
of any Benchmark Replacement, any technical, administrative or operational changes (including changes to the definition of Business
Day, the definition of U.S. Government Securities Business Day, the definition of Interest Period 
or any similar or analogous definition (or the addition of a concept of interest period ), timing and frequency of determining
rates and making payments of interest, timing of borrowing requests or prepayment, conversion or continuation notices, the applicability
and length of lookback periods, the applicability of Section 2.2(e) or any other breakage costs and other technical, administrative or
operational matters) that the Lender decides may be appropriate to reflect the adoption and implementation of any such rate or to permit
the use and administration thereof by Lender in a manner substantially consistent with market practice (or, if Lender decides that adoption
of any portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or if Lender determines that no market practice for the administration
of any such rate exists, in such other manner of administration as Lender decides is reasonably necessary in connection with the administration
of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents). 

Contractual
Obligation shall mean, with respect to any Person, any provision of any security issued by such Person or of any document
or undertaking (other than a Loan Document) to which such Person is a party or by which it or any of its property is bound or to which
any of its property is subject. 

Copyrights 
shall mean all of the following now owned or hereafter acquired by any Entity Loan Party: (i) all copyright rights in any work subject
to the copyright laws of the United States or any other country, whether as author, assignee, transferee or otherwise, and (ii) all registrations
and applications for registration of any such copyright in the United States or any other country, including registrations, recordings,
supplemental registrations and pending applications for registration in the United States Copyright Office. 

Credit
Extension shall mean providing any financial accommodation hereunder, including the making of a Loan or the issuance of a
Letter of Credit or bankers acceptance. 

Credit
Parties means, collectively, each Borrower. 

A1- 7 

Default 
shall mean any Event of Default and any event that, with the passing of time or the giving of notice or both, would become an Event of
Default. 

Dilution 
shall mean, as of any date of determination, a percentage, based upon the prior twelve (12) months, which is the result of dividing (a)
actual bad debt write-downs, discounts, advertising allowances, credits, and any other items with respect to the accounts determined
to be dilutive by the Bank in its sole discretion during this period, by (b) the Borrower s net sales during such period (excluding
extraordinary items) plus the amount of clause (a) . 

Document 
means a document of title, as defined in Section 1-201 of the Code. 

Dollars 
and the sign each mean the lawful money of the United States of America. 

Domestic
Subsidiary shall mean any Subsidiary that is not a controlled foreign corporation within the meaning of Section
957 of the Tax Code. 

A1- 8 

Eligible
Account means, with respect to any Borrower, an Account of such Borrower which is acceptable to Lender for purposes of determining
the Borrowing Base and meets all criteria for inclusion in the Borrowing Base as determined and established by Lender from time to time
in its Permitted Discretion. Without limiting the discretion of Lender to establish other criteria of ineligibility, unless otherwise
agreed by Lender, Eligible Accounts of any Borrower shall not include any Account: (a) which is not owned exclusively by such Borrower,
(b) which is not subject to a first priority and perfected security interest in favor of Lender or which is subject to any other Lien,
(c) with respect to which more than sixty (60) days have elapsed since the date of the original invoice or which is unpaid, in whole
or in part, more than thirty (30) days after its original due date, (d) if twenty-five percent (25 or more of the aggregate Dollar
amount of outstanding Accounts owed at such time by the Account Debtor thereon to such Borrower or any of its Affiliates is classified
as ineligible under clause (c) above, (e) owed by an Account Debtor whose total obligations (including the obligations of such Account
Debtor s Affiliates) owing to Borrowers and their Affiliates that would, but for this clause (e) , constitute Eligible Accounts,
exceed twenty-five percent (25 of the aggregate amount of all Eligible Accounts of the Borrowers, to the extent such obligations owing
by such Account Debtor are in excess of such percentage, (f) which represents a sale on a bill-and-hold, guaranteed sale, sale and return,
sale on approval, consignment, or other repurchase or return basis or a progress billing under an agreement which requires further performance
by such Borrower, is otherwise contingent on such Borrower s completion of any future performance or is subject to any other terms by
reason of which the payment by the Account Debtor may be conditional, (g) with respect to which any of the following events has occurred
as to the Account Debtor on such Account: death or judicial declaration of incompetency, if the Account Debtor is an individual, the
filing of any petition for relief under the Bankruptcy Code or other insolvency laws, a general assignment for the benefit of creditors,
the appointment of a receiver or trustee, application or petition for dissolution, its dissolution, the sale or transfer of all or any
material part of the assets or the cessation of the business as a going concern, (h) owed by an Account Debtor which does not maintain
its chief executive office in the United States or Canada (not including Quebec) or is not organized under the laws of the United States
or Canada (not including Quebec) or any state or province thereof, (i) which is not payable in United States Dollars, (j) owed by an
Account Debtor which is an Affiliate or employee of any Borrower or any of Borrowers Affiliates, (k) with respect to which either the
perfection, enforceability, or validity of Lender s Lien in such Account, or Lender s right or ability to obtain direct payment to Lender
of the proceeds of such Account, is governed by any federal, state, provincial or local statutory requirements other than those of the
UCC, or comparable law of Canada (not including Quebec), or the Federal Assignment of Claims Act (the eligibility requirements of which
are governed by clause (q) below), (l) owed by an Account Debtor to which such Borrower or any of its Affiliates are indebted
in any way, or which is subject to any right of setoff or recoupment, or if the Account Debtor thereon has disputed liability or made
any claim with respect to any other Account due from such Account Debtor, but in each such case only to the extent of such indebtedness,
setoff, recoupment, dispute, or claim, (m) which is evidenced by a promissory note or other instrument or by chattel paper, (n) which
arises out of a sale not made in the ordinary course of such Borrower s business, (o) with respect to which the goods giving rise to
such Account have not been shipped and delivered to and accepted by the Account Debtor or the services giving rise to such Account have
not been fully performed by such Borrower, and, if applicable, accepted by the Account Debtor, or with respect to which the Account Debtor
has revoked its acceptance of any such goods or services, (p) which arises out of an enforceable contract or order which, by its terms,
forbids, restricts or makes void or unenforceable the granting of a Lien by such Borrower to Lender with respect to such Account or otherwise
requires the consent of the respective Account Debtor in order for the Lender to obtain direct payment of the proceeds of such Account
(except for Permitted Government Accounts), (q) other than with respect to Permitted Government Accounts, with respect to which the Account
Debtor is either (i) the United States or any department, agency, or instrumentality of the United States or (ii) any state of the United
States or province or territory of Canada or any department agency or instrumentality of such state, province or territory, (r) with
respect to which the Account Debtor is a Sanctioned Person or Sanctioned Country, (s) with respect to which the books and records evidencing
or otherwise relating to such Account are located in a public warehouse, are in possession of a bailee or are in a facility leased by
such Borrower, unless the warehouseman, bailee or lessor, as the case may be, has executed an enforceable. Collateral Access Agreement,
(t) with respect to which Lender believes that the prospect of collection of such Account is impaired or that the Account may not be
paid by reason of the Account Debtor s financial inability to pay, or (u) owed by an Account Debtor, to the extent the amount owing thereon
exceeds the credit limit extended to such Account Debtor by such Borrower. The identification of specific exclusions from eligibility
herein is not exclusive or exhaustive. Lender reserves the right in its Permitted Discretion to establish additional or different criteria
for determining Eligible Accounts, at any time, without prior notice. 

Eligible
Finished Goods Inventory means Inventory that qualifies as Eligible Inventory and consists of coffee classified as finished
goods by Borrowers held for sale in the ordinary course of Borrowers business. 

A1- 9 

Eligible
Inventory means, with respect to any Borrower, Inventory of such Borrower which is acceptable to Lender for purposes of determining
the Borrowing Base and meets all criteria for inclusion in the Borrowing Base as determined and established by Lender from time to time
in its Permitted Discretion. Without limiting the discretion of Lender to establish other criteria of ineligibility, unless otherwise
agreed by Lender, Eligible Inventory shall not include any Inventory: (a) which is not owned exclusively by such Borrower or as to which
Borrower does not have good, valid and marketable title thereto, (b) which is not subject to a first priority and perfected security
interest in favor of Lender or which is subject to any other Lien, (c) other than finished goods, work in process and raw materials Inventory,
(d) which is not in good condition, or is unmerchantable or does not meet all standards imposed by any Governmental Authority having
regulatory authority over such goods or their use or sale, (e) which is not currently either usable or salable, at prices approximating
at least cost, in the normal course of such Borrower s business, or is slow moving or stale, (f) which is obsolete or returned
or repossessed or used goods taken in trade or goods that constitute spare parts, packaging and shipping materials or supplies used or
consumed in such Borrower s business, (g) which is located outside the United States or is in-transit to or from a location of
such Borrower (other than in-transit from one location set forth on Annex 3 to another location set forth on Annex 3) ,
(h) as to which such Borrower does not have actual and exclusive possession thereof (either directly or through a bailee or agent of
such Borrower) or which is located in a public warehouse or is in possession of a bailee or in a facility leased by such Borrower or
an Affiliate thereof unless the warehouseman, bailee, or lessor, as the case may be, has delivered to Lender a Collateral Access Agreement
and unless it is segregated or otherwise separately identifiable from goods of others, if any, stored on the premises, (i) which is on
consignment from any consignor, or on consignment to any consignee, (j) is subject to a bill of lading or other document of title or
(k) that contains or bears any Proprietary Rights licensed to such Borrower by another Person unless such Borrower has delivered to Lender
a consent or sublicense agreement from such licensor in form and substance acceptable to Lender or Lender is otherwise satisfied that
it may sell or otherwise dispose of such Inventory in accordance with the remedies provided to the Lender under this Agreement without
infringing the rights of the licensor of such Proprietary Rights or violating any contract of such Borrower with such licensor (and without
payment of any royalties other than any royalties due with respect to the sale or disposition of such Inventory pursuant to the existing
license agreement). The identification of specific exclusions from eligibility herein is not exclusive or exhaustive. Lender reserves
the right in its Permitted Discretion to establish additional or different criteria for determining Eligible Inventory, at any time,
without prior notice. 

Entity
Loan Party shall mean any of the Borrowers. 

Environmental
Laws shall mean all Requirements of Law and Permits imposing liability or standards of conduct for or relating to the regulation
and protection of human health, safety, the environment and natural resources, including CERCLA, the SWDA, the Hazardous Materials Transportation
Act (49 U.S.C. 5101 et seq.), the Federal Insecticide, Fungicide, and Rodenticide Act (7 U.S.C. 136 et seq.),
the Toxic Substances Control Act (15 U.S.C. 2601 et seq.), the Clean Air Act (42 U.S.C. 7401 et seq.), the
Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1251 et seq.), the Occupational Safety and Health Act (29 U.S.C. 
651 et seq.), the Safe Drinking Water Act (42 U.S.C. 300(f) et seq.), all regulations promulgated under any of the foregoing,
all analogous Requirements of Law and Permits and any environmental transfer of ownership notification or approval statutes. 

Environmental
Liabilities shall mean all liabilities (including costs of Remedial Actions, natural resource damages and costs, fines, penalties,
indemnities and expenses of investigation and feasibility studies) that may be imposed on, incurred by or asserted against any Entity
Loan Party as a result of, or related to, any claim, suit, action, investigation, proceeding or demand by any Person, whether based in
contract, tort, implied or express warranty, strict liability, criminal or civil statute or common law or otherwise, arising under any
Environmental Law or in connection with any environmental, health or safety condition or with any Release and resulting from the ownership,
lease, sublease or other operation or occupation of property by any Group Member, whether on, prior to or after the date hereof. 

ERISA 
shall mean the United States Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended. 

A1- 10 

ERISA
Affiliate shall mean, collectively, any Entity Loan Party, and any Person under common control, or treated as a single employer,
with any Entity Loan Party, within the meaning of Section 414(b), (c), (m) or (o) of the Tax Code. 

ERISA
Event shall mean any of the following: (a) a reportable event described in Section 4043(b) of ERISA (or, unless the 30-day
notice requirement has been duly waived under the applicable regulations, Section 4043(c) of ERISA) with respect to a Title IV Plan,
(b) the withdrawal of any ERISA Affiliate from a Title IV Plan subject to Section 4063 of ERISA during a plan year in which it was a
substantial employer, as defined in Section 4001(a)(2) of ERISA, (c) the complete or partial withdrawal of any ERISA Affiliate from any
Multiemployer Plan, (d) with respect to any Multiemployer Plan, the filing of a notice of reorganization, insolvency or termination (or
treatment of a plan amendment as termination) under Section 4041A of ERISA, (e) the filing of a notice of intent to terminate a Title
IV Plan (or treatment of a plan amendment as termination) under Section 4041 of ERISA, (f) the institution of proceedings to terminate
a Title IV Plan or Multiemployer Plan by the PBGC, (g) the failure to make any required contribution to any Title IV Plan or Multiemployer
Plan when due, (h) the imposition of a lien under Section 412 of the Tax Code or Section 302 or 4068 of ERISA on any property (or rights
to property, whether real or personal) of any ERISA Affiliate, (i) the failure of a Plan or any trust thereunder intended to qualify
for tax exempt status under Section 401 or 501 of the Tax Code or other Requirements of Law to qualify thereunder and (j) any other event
or condition that might reasonably be expected to constitute grounds under Section 4042 of ERISA for the termination of, or the appointment
of a trustee to administer, any Title IV Plan or Multiemployer Plan or for the imposition of any liability upon any ERISA Affiliate under
Title IV of ERISA other than for PBGC premiums due but not delinquent. 

Floor 
means three and one-half percent (3.50 ). 

Food
Security Act shall mean 7 U.S.C. Section 1631, and any successor statute thereto, together with each existing or future state
statute or regulation establishing a central filing system (as defined in 7 U.S.C. Section 1631) that has been certified
by the Secretary of the United States Department of Agriculture. 

Formation
Documents shall mean as to any Person which is (i) a corporation, the certificate or articles of incorporation of such Person,
(ii) a limited liability company, the articles of organization or certificate of formation of such Person, (iii) a limited partnership,
the certificate of limited partnership agreement of such Person, or (iv) any other form of entity or organization, the organizational
documents analogous to the foregoing. 

GAAP 
shall mean generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America, as in effect from time to time, set forth in the
opinions and pronouncements of the Accounting Principles Board and the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants, in the statements
and pronouncements of the Financial Accounting Standards Board and in such other statements by such other entity as may be in general
use by significant segments of the accounting profession that are applicable to the circumstances as of the date of determination. 

Generations
Coffee shall mean Generations Coffee Company, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. 

Generations
Coffee Loan Documents shall mean, collectively and individually, (a) the Business Purpose Promissory Note dated May 25, 2018
made by Generations Coffee and payable to the order of Coffee Holding in the original principal amount of 2,750,220, (b) the Loan with
Security Agreement dated May 25, 2018 by and between Generations Coffee, as borrower, and Coffee Holding, as lender, and (c) any promissory
note, loan agreement or other document, instrument, writing or agreement given in renewal of or substitution for the foregoing and as
any of the foregoing may be modified, amended, supplemented or restated from time to time. 

A1- 11 

Governmental
Authority shall mean any nation, sovereign or government, any state or other political subdivision thereof, any agency, authority
or instrumentality thereof and any entity or authority exercising executive, legislative, taxing, judicial, regulatory or administrative
functions of or pertaining to government, including any central bank, stock exchange, regulatory body, arbitrator, public sector entity,
supra-national entity (including the European Union and the European Central Bank) and any self-regulatory organization (including the
National Association of Insurance Commissioners). 

Guarantors 
shall mean collectively and individually, and jointly and severally, Sonofresco, LLC, Comfort Foods, Inc., Generations Coffee Company,
LLC, and any other Person guaranteeing the Obligations from time to time. 

Guaranty
Agreements : Collectively and individually, each guaranty agreement executed by a Guarantor in favor of Bank, as the same may
be modified, amended, supplemented or restated from time to time 

Hazardous
Material shall mean any substance, material or waste that is classified, regulated or otherwise characterized under any Environmental
Law as hazardous, toxic, a contaminant or a pollutant or by other words of similar meaning or regulatory effect, including petroleum
or any fraction thereof, asbestos, polychlorinated biphenyls and radioactive substances. 

Hedging
Agreement shall mean any interest rate protection agreement, foreign currency exchange agreement, commodity price protection
agreement or other interest or currency exchange rate or commodity price hedging arrangement and other hedging agreements (including,
without limitation, all swap agreements as defined in 11 U.S.C. 101). 

Indebtedness 
shall mean (A) all indebtedness for borrowed money or for the deferred purchase price of property or services (excluding current accounts
payable incurred in the ordinary course of business), and all obligations under leases which are or should be, under GAAP, recorded as
capital leases, in respect of which a Person is directly or contingently liable as borrower, guarantor, endorser or otherwise, or in
respect of which a Person otherwise assures a creditor against loss; (B) all obligations for borrowed money or for the deferred purchase
price of property or services secured by (or for which the holder has an existing right, contingent or otherwise, to be secured by) any
Lien upon property (including without limitation accounts receivable and contract rights) owned by a Person, whether or not such Person
has assumed or become liable for the payment thereof; (C) indebtedness evidenced by bonds, debentures, notes or other similar instruments;
(D) obligations and liabilities directly or indirectly guaranteed by such Person; (E) obligations or liabilities created or arising under
any conditional sales contract or other title retention agreement with respect to property used and/or acquired by such Person; (F) all
obligations of such Person in respect of letters of credit or bankers acceptances; (G) all obligations, contingent or otherwise
of such Person as an account party or applicant in respect of letters of credit; and (H) all other liabilities and obligations which
would be classified in accordance with GAAP as indebtedness on a balance sheet or to which reference should be made in footnotes thereto.
The amount of any guarantee shall be deemed to be the lower of (a) an amount equal to the stated or determinable amount of the primary
obligation in respect of which such guarantee is made and (b) the maximum amount for which the Person giving such guarantee may be liable
pursuant to the terms of the agreement embodying such guarantee unless such primary obligation and the maximum amount for which such
Person may be liable are not stated or determinable, in which case the amount of such guarantee shall be such Person s maximum
reasonably anticipated liability in respect thereof as determined by such Person in good faith. 

A1- 12 

Interest
Period means, as to any Revolving Loan, the period commencing on the date of such Revolving Loan and ending on the numerically
corresponding day in the calendar month that is one month thereafter; provided that (i) if any Interest Period would end on a day other
than a Business Day, such Interest Period shall be extended to the next succeeding Business Day unless such next succeeding Business
Day would fall in the next calendar month, in which case such Interest Period shall end on the next preceding Business Day, (ii) any
Interest Period that commences on the last Business Day of a calendar month (or on a day for which there is no numerically corresponding
day in the last calendar month of such Interest Period) shall end on the last Business Day of the last calendar month of such Interest
Period and (iii) no Interest Period shall extend beyond the Maturity Date. For purposes hereof, the date of a Revolving Loan initially
shall be the date on which such Revolving Loan is made. 

Inventory 
has the meaning prescribed for such term as defined by the UCC, which definition is incorporated herein by reference, and includes, without
limitation, with respect to a Person, goods (including goods in-transit) that (a) are held or to be held by such Person for sale or lease
or to be furnished under a contract of service, (b) are leased or to be leased by such Person as lessor or (c) consist of raw materials,
work in process, finished goods or materials used or consumed in such Person s business. 

Letter
of Credit shall mean commercial letters of credit issued by the Bank for the account of any Borrower in accordance with terms
and provisions of the LC Documents. 

LC
Application shall mean an application by any Borrower to the Bank, pursuant to a form approved by the Bank, for the issuance
of a Letter of Credit, which application is submitted to the Bank at least five (5) days prior to the requested issuance of such Letter
of Credit. 

LC
Conditions shall mean the following conditions, the satisfaction of each of which is required before the Bank shall be obligated
to issue a Letter of Credit: (i) each of the conditions set forth in Section 1.12 of this Agreement has been and continues to
be satisfied, including the absence of any Default or Event of Default; (ii) after giving effect to the issuance of the requested Letter
of Credit and all other unissued Letters of Credit for which an LC Application has been submitted to the Bank, the LC Obligations would
not exceed the (x) the Maximum LC Obligation and (y) the difference of (A) minus (B), where (A) is the Maximum Facility Amount and (B)
is the sum of the principal amount of Revolving Loans plus the face amount of Letters of Credit then outstanding; and (iii) the currency
in which payment is to be made under the Letter of Credit is Dollars. 

LC
Documents shall mean any and all agreements, instruments and documents (other than an LC Application) required by the Bank
to be executed by any Borrower or any other Person and delivered to the Bank as a condition to the issuance of a Letter of Credit. 

LC
Facility shall mean a sub-facility established pursuant to Section 1.13 of this Agreement and described in Annex
2 and shall be considered utilization of the Maximum Facility Amount. 

LC
Obligations shall mean, on any date, an amount (in Dollars) equal to the sum of (without duplication) (i) all amounts then
due and payable by any Borrower on such date by reason of any payment that is made by the Bank under a Letter of Credit and that has
not been repaid to the Bank, plus (ii) the Undrawn Amount of all Letters of Credit which are then outstanding or for which an LC Application
has been delivered to and accepted by Bank and (iii) all fees and other amounts due or to become due in respect of Letters of Credit
outstanding on such date. 

A1- 13 

LC
Support shall mean a guaranty, Cash Collateral or other support agreement in favor of Bank, acceptable to Bank in its sole
and absolute discretion, pursuant to which the payment or performance by Borrower of its obligations under an LC Application, including
the obligation to reimburse Bank for any payment made by the Bank under such Letter of Credit, is guaranteed or otherwise assured to
the Bank s sole satisfaction. 

LIBOR
Rate means the rate per annum published on each Business Day in the Money Rates table of The
Wall Street Journal (or such other presentation within The Wall Street Journal as may be adopted hereafter for such information)
as the one-month LIBOR rate, adjusted daily; provided , that ,
if any change in market conditions or any change in Applicable Law shall at any time after the date hereof, in the reasonable opinion
of the Lender, make it unlawful or impractical for the Lender (other than as a result of the Lender s creditworthiness) to fund
or maintain Loans at the LIBOR Rate or to continue such funding or maintaining, or to determine or change interest rates based on the
LIBOR Rate then the LIBOR Rate shall be a rate per annum determined by the Lender in its Permitted Discretion and provided
further that , if the LIBOR Rate as so determined shall be less than zero, such rate shall be deemed to be zero for
the purposes of this Agreement. 

Lien 
shall mean any lien (statutory or other), mortgage, pledge, hypothecation, assignment, security interest, encumbrance, charge, claim,
restriction on transfer or similar restriction or other security arrangement of any kind or nature whatsoever, including, without limitation,
any conditional sale or other title retention agreement and any capital or financing lease having substantially the same economic effect
as any of the foregoing. 

Loan
Documents shall mean this Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement Agreement or Loan Agreement ),
Notes (if any), the LC Application, each Letter of Credit, each Guaranty Agreement, any security agreements, pledge agreements or guaranties
and any and all other documents, amendments or renewals executed and delivered in connection with any of the foregoing. 

Loan
Party Taxes shall mean any and all current or future taxes, levies, imposts, duties, deductions, charges or withholdings imposed
by any Governmental Authority, including, without limitation, income taxes, real and personal property taxes, assessments and charges
and all franchise, income, unemployment, retirement benefits, withholding, sales, F.I.C.A. and other taxes. 

Managing
Person shall mean with respect to any Person that is (i) a corporation, its board of directors, (ii) a limited liability company,
its board of control, managing member or members or managers, (iii) a limited partnership, its general partner, (iv) a general partnership
or a limited liability partnership, its managing partner or executive committee or (v) any other Person, the managing body thereof or
other Person analogous to the foregoing. 

Material
Adverse Effect shall mean any act, omission, event or undertaking which, singly or together with one or more other acts, omissions,
events or undertakings, could reasonably be expected to have a materially adverse effect upon (1) the business, assets, properties, liabilities,
condition (financial or otherwise), results of operations or business prospects of any Entity Loan Party or (2) the ability of any Entity
Loan Party to perform its obligations in a timely manner under this Agreement and the other agreements and instruments executed and delivered
in connection herewith. 

A1- 14 

Maturity
Date is defined in Annex 2 . 

Multiemployer
Plan shall mean any employee benefit plan of the type described in Section 4001(a)(3) of ERISA, to which any Entity Loan Party
or any ERISA Affiliate makes or is obligated to make contributions, or during the preceding five plan years, has made or been obligated
to make contributions. 

Note 
shall mean any promissory note evidencing a Loan. 

Obligation(s) 
shall mean, without limitation, all loans, advances, indebtedness, bankers acceptances, notes, reimbursement obligations, liabilities,
rate swap transactions, basis swaps, forward rate transactions, commodity swaps, commodity options, equity or equity index swaps, equity
or equity index options, bond options, interest rate options, foreign exchange transactions, cap transactions, floor transactions, collar
transactions, forward transactions, currency swap transactions, cross-currency rate swap transaction, currency options and amounts, liquidated
or unliquidated, owing by any Entity Loan Party to the Bank or any Bank Affiliate at any time, of each and every kind, nature and description,
whether arising under this Agreement, any of the Loan Documents or otherwise, and whether secured or unsecured, direct or indirect (that
is, whether the same are due directly by any Entity Loan Party to the Bank or any Bank Affiliate; or are due indirectly by any Entity
Loan Party to the Bank or any Bank Affiliate as endorser, guarantor or other surety, or as obligor of any obligations due third persons
which have been endorsed or assigned to the Bank or any Bank Affiliate, or otherwise), absolute or contingent, due or to become due,
now existing or hereafter arising or contracted, including, without limitation, payment when due of all amounts outstanding respecting
any of the Loan Documents. Said term shall also include all interest and other charges chargeable to any Entity Loan Party or due from
any Entity Loan Party to the Bank or any Bank Affiliate from time to time and all costs and expenses referred to in this Agreement. Without
limitation, Obligation includes the Revolving Credit Facility as previously established and as amended and restated hereunder. 

Organizational
Documents shall mean as to any Person which is (i) a corporation, the certificate or articles of incorporation and by-laws
of such Person, (ii) a limited liability company, the articles of organization or certificate of formation and limited liability company
agreement or similar agreement of such Person, (iii) a partnership, the partnership agreement or similar agreement of such Person and,
in the case of a limited partnership, the certificate of limited partnership, or (iv) any other form of entity or organization, the organizational
documents analogous to the foregoing. 

Overadvance 
shall mean if, at any time, the outstanding principal amount of the Revolving Loans exceeds the lesser of (i) the Borrowing Base or (ii)
the Maximum Facility Amount for any reason including, but not limited to, as a result of Eligible Accounts or Eligible Inventory becoming
ineligible. 

Patents 
shall mean all of the following now owned or hereafter acquired by any Entity Loan Party: (i) all letters patent of the United States
or any other country, all registrations and recordings thereof, and all applications for letters patent of the United States or any other
country, including registrations, recordings and pending applications in the United States Patent and Trademark Office or any similar
offices in any other country and (ii) all reissues, continuations, divisions, continuations-in-part, renewals or extensions thereof,
and the inventions disclosed or claimed therein, including the right to make, use or sell the inventions disclosed or claimed therein. 

PBGC 
shall mean the United States Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation and any successor thereto. 

A1- 15 

Pension
Plan shall mean any employee pension benefit plan (as such term is defined in Section 3(2) of ERISA), other
than a Multiemployer Plan, that is subject to Title IV of ERISA and is sponsored or maintained by any Entity Loan Party or any ERISA
Affiliate or to which any Entity Loan Party or any ERISA Affiliate contributes or has an obligation to contribute, or in the case of
a multiple employer or other plan described in Section 4064(a) of ERISA, has made contributions at any time during the immediately preceding
five plan years. 

Periodic
Term SOFR Determination Day has the meaning specified in the definition of Term SOFR . 

Permit 
shall mean, with respect to any Person, any permit, approval, authorization, license, registration, certificate, concession, grant, franchise,
variance or permission from, and any other Contractual Obligations with, any Governmental Authority, in each case whether or not having
the force of law and applicable to or binding upon such Person or any of its property or to which such Person or any of its property
is subject. 

Permitted
Discretion shall mean a determination made by Lender in the exercise of its commercially reasonable business judgment (from
the perspective of a secured asset-based lender). 

Permitted
Government Account shall mean an Account with respect to which (a) the Account Debtor is the United States of America or any
political subdivision, department, agency or instrumentality thereof, (b) a copy of the related contract has been delivered to Lender,
(c) a completed task order has been approved for billing by the applicable Account Debtor, and (d) the Federal Assignment of Claims Act,
as amended, or any similar law, if applicable, has been complied with in a manner satisfactory to Lender. 

Permitted
Investments shall mean: 

(a) direct
 obligations of, or obligations the principal of and interest on which are unconditionally
 guaranteed by, the United States of America (or by any agency thereof to the extent that
 such obligations are backed by the full faith and credit of the United States of America),
 in each case measuring within one year from the date of acquisition thereof; 

(b) investments
 in commercial paper maturing within 270 days from the date of acquisition thereof and having,
 at such date of acquisition, the highest credit rating obtainable from Standard Poor s
 Financial Services LLC, a subsidiary of The McGraw-Hill Companies, Inc., or any successor
 thereto, or from Moody s Investors Service, Inc. or any successor thereto; 

(c) investments
 in certificates of deposit, banker s acceptances and time deposits maturing within
 180 days from the date of acquisition thereof issued or guaranteed by or placed with, and
 money market deposit accounts issued or offered by, the Bank or any domestic office of any
 commercial bank organized under the laws of the United States of America or any State thereof
 that has a combined capital and surplus and undivided profits of not less than 500,000,000;
 and 

(d) fully
 collateralized repurchase agreements with a term of not more than 30 days for securities
 described in clause (a) of this definition and entered into with a financial institution
 satisfying the criteria described in clause (c) of this definition. 

A1- 16 

Permitted
Liens shall mean (A) Liens securing the Obligations hereunder, (B) Liens for taxes not yet due and payable, that remain payable
without penalty or that are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings diligently conducted and with respect to which adequate
reserves or other appropriate provisions are maintained in accordance with GAAP, (C) Liens arising under Agricultural Lien Statutes and
similar statutes, rules or regulations, (D) Liens of warehousemen and bailees for customary storage charges and fees, (E) purchase-money
Liens covering solely equipment constituting capital assets owned or leased by any Entity Loan Party and the proceeds thereof and securing
not more than 3,000 in purchase money Indebtedness, (F) Liens of a collecting bank on items in the course of collection arising under
Section 4-208 of the Code, (G) pledges or cash deposits made in the ordinary course of business (i) in connection with workers 
compensation, unemployment insurance or other types of social security benefits (other than any Lien imposed by ERISA), (ii) to secure
the performance of bids, tenders, leases (other than capital leases) sales or other trade contracts (other than for the repayment of
borrowed money) or (iii) made in lieu of, or to secure the performance of, surety, customs, reclamation or performance bonds (in each
case not related to judgments or litigation), (H) judgment liens (other than for the payment of taxes, assessments or other governmental
charges) securing judgments and other proceedings not constituting an Event of Default under Section 6.1 and pledges or cash deposits
made in lieu of, or to secure the performance of, judgment or appeal bonds in respect of such judgments and proceedings, (I) unexercised
statutory or common law bankers and brokers liens and (J) Liens of landlords and mortgagees of landlords (arising by statute
on fixtures and movable tangible property located on the real property leased or subleased from such landlord for amounts not yet due,
that remain payable without penalty or that are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings diligently conducted and for
which adequate reserves or other appropriate provisions are maintained in accordance with GAAP, and (K) additional Permitted Liens listed
on Annex 3 (if any). 

Plan 
shall mean any employee benefit plan (as such term is defined in Section 3(3) of ERISA) established by any Entity Loan
Party or, with respect to any such plan that is subject to Section 412 of the Tax Code or Title IV of ERISA, any ERISA Affiliate. 

Person 
or party shall mean individuals, partnerships, corporations, limited liability companies and all other entities. 

Property 
shall mean all types of real, personal, tangible, intangible or mixed property. 

Proprietary
Rights means collectively, all rights, priorities and privileges relating to intellectual property, whether arising under
United States, multinational, foreign laws or otherwise, including, without limitation, inventions, invention disclosures, designs, blueprints,
plans, specifications, licenses, permits, patents, patent rights, copyrights, works which are the subject matter of copyrights, trademarks,
service marks, trade names, trade styles, patent, trademark and service mark applications, trade secrets, domain names, good will and
all licenses and rights related to any of the foregoing, including, without limitation, all royalties, license fees or other payments
due under or in respect of any of the foregoing, all extensions, renewals, reissues, divisions and continuations of any of the foregoing,
and all rights to sue at law or in equity for past, present and future infringement, misappropriation, violation or other impairment
of any of the foregoing, including the right to receive all proceeds and damages therefrom. 

Release 
shall mean any release, threatened release, spill, emission, leaking, pumping, pouring, emitting, emptying, escape, injection, deposit,
disposal, discharge, dispersal, dumping, leaching or migration of Hazardous Material into or through the environment. 

A1- 17 

Remedial
Action shall mean all actions required by applicable Environmental Laws to (a) clean up, remove, treat or in any other way
address any Hazardous Material in the indoor or outdoor environment, (b) prevent or minimize any Release so that a Hazardous Material
does not migrate or endanger or threaten to endanger public health or welfare or the indoor or outdoor environment or (c) perform pre-remedial
studies and investigations and post-remedial monitoring and care with respect to any Hazardous Material. 

Requirements
of Law shall mean, with respect to any Person, collectively, the common law and all federal, state, local, foreign, multinational
or international laws, statutes, codes, treaties, standards, rules and regulations, guidelines, ordinances, orders, judgments, writs,
injunctions, decrees (including administrative or judicial precedents or authorities) and the interpretation or administration thereof
by, and other determinations, directives, requirements or requests of, any Governmental Authority, in each case whether or not having
the force of law and that are applicable to or binding upon such Person or any of its property or to which such Person or any of its
property is subject. 

Restricted
Payment shall mean, as to any Person, any dividend or other distribution by such Person (whether in cash, securities or other
property) with respect to any shares of any class of equity securities of such Person, or any payment (whether in cash, securities or
other property), including any sinking fund or similar deposit, on account of the purchase, redemption, retirement, acquisition, cancellation
or termination of any such shares or any option, warrant or other right to acquire any such shares. 

Sanctioned
Countr y means, at any time, a country or territory which is the subject or target of any Sanctions. 

Sanctioned
Person means, at any time, (a) any Person listed in any Sanctions-related list of designated Persons maintained by OFAC, the
U.S. Department of State, any other U.S. government entity, the United Nations Security Council or any similar list maintained by Canada,
the European Union or any EU member state, (b) any Person operating, organized or resident in a Sanctioned Country or (c) any Person
controlled by any Person described in clauses (a) or (b) of this definition. 

Sanctions 
means economic or financial sanctions or trade embargoes imposed, administered or enforced from time to time by (a) the U.S. government,
including those administered by OFAC or the U.S. Department of State, the U.S. Department of Commerce or the U.S. Department of the Treasury
or (b) the United Nations Security Council, the European Union of Her Majesty s Treasury of the United Kingdom or the relevant
sanctions authority of Canada, and in each case, the regulations promulgated thereunder. 

SOFR 
means a rate equal to the secured overnight financing rate as administered by the SOFR Administrator. 

SOFR
Administrator means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a successor administrator of the secured overnight financing rate). 

SOFR
Borrowing means, as to any Revolving Loan, the SOFR Rate Loans comprising such Borrowing. 

SOFR
Rate Loan means a Loan that bears interest at a rate based on Adjusted Term SOFR. 

A1- 18 

Solvent 
shall mean, with respect to any Person on a particular date, that on such date (a) the fair value of the property of such Person is greater
than the total amount of liabilities, including, without limitation, contingent liabilities, of such Person, (b) the present fair salable
value of the assets of such Person is not less than the amount that will be required to pay the probable liability of such Person on
its debts as they become absolute and matured, (c) such Person does not intend to, and does not believe that it will, incur debts or
liabilities beyond such Person s ability to pay such debts and liabilities as they mature and (d) such Person is not engaged in
business or a transaction, and is not about to engage in business or a transaction, for which such Person s property would constitute
unreasonably small capital. 

The
amount of contingent liabilities at any time shall be computed as the amount that, in the light of all the facts and circumstances existing
at such time, represents the amount that would reasonably be expected to become an actual or matured liability. 

Stock 
shall mean all shares of capital stock (whether denominated as common stock or preferred stock), equity interests, beneficial, partnership
or membership interests, joint venture interests, participations or other ownership or profit interests in or equivalents (regardless
of how designated) of or in a Person (other than an individual), whether voting or non-voting. 

Subordination
Agreement shall mean a subordination agreement satisfactory in form and substance to the Bank and executed by a subordinated
creditor in favor of the Bank (if more than one, the Subordination Agreements ). 

Subsidiary 
shall mean, with respect to any Person, any corporation, partnership, joint venture, limited liability company, association or other
entity, the management of which is, directly or indirectly, controlled by, or of which an aggregate of more than 50 of the outstanding
Voting Stock is, at the time, owned or controlled directly or indirectly by, such Person or one or more Subsidiaries of such Person.
Unless otherwise indicated, references to a Subsidiary mean a Subsidiary of an Entity Loan Party. 

Tax
Code shall mean the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. 

Term
SOFR means for any calculation with respect to a SOFR Rate Loan, the Term SOFR Reference Rate for a tenor comparable to the applicable
Interest Period on the day (such day, the Periodic Term SOFR Determination Day that is two (2) U.S. Government Securities
Business Days prior to the first day of such Interest Period, as such rate is published by the Term SOFR Administrator; provided, however,
that if as of 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on any Periodic Term SOFR Determination Day the Term SOFR Reference Rate for the applicable
tenor has not been published by the Term SOFR Administrator and a Benchmark Replacement Date with respect to the Term SOFR Reference
Rate has not occurred, then Term SOFR will be the Term SOFR Reference Rate for such tenor as published by the Term SOFR Administrator
on the first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day for which such Term SOFR Reference Rate for such tenor was published by
the Term SOFR Administrator so long as such first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day is not more than three (3) U.S. Government
Securities Business Days prior to such Periodic Term SOFR Determination Day. 

Term
SOFR Adjustment means for any calculation with respect to a SOFR Rate Loan, 0.11448 per annum. 

Term
SOFR Administrator means CME Group Benchmark Administration Limited (CBA) (or a successor administrator of the Term SOFR Reference
Rate selected by Lender in its reasonable discretion). 

A1- 19 

Term
SOFR Reference Rate means the forward-looking term rate based on SOFR. 

Third
Party Agreement shall mean any contract between any Entity Loan Party and one or more third parties. 

Title
IV Plan shall mean a Pension Plan or Plan. 

Trademarks 
shall mean all of the following now owned or hereafter acquired by any Entity Loan Party: (a) all trademarks, service marks, trade names,
corporate names, company names, business names, fictitious business names, trade styles, trade dress, logos, other source or business
identifiers, designs and general intangibles of like nature, now existing or hereafter adopted or acquired, all registrations and recordings
thereof, and all registration and recording applications filed in connection therewith, including registrations and registration applications
in the United States Patent and Trademark Office, any State of the United States or any similar offices in any other country or any political
subdivision thereof, and all extensions or renewals thereof, (b) all goodwill associated therewith or symbolized thereby and (c) all
other assets, rights and interests that uniquely reflect or embody such goodwill. 

Transactions 
shall mean (a) the execution, delivery and performance by each Entity Loan Party of each Loan Document to which it is a party, (b) the
making of the Credit Extensions and (c) the use of the proceeds of the Credit Extensions. 

Unadjusted
Benchmark Replacement means the applicable Benchmark Replacement excluding the related Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. 

U.S.
Government Securities Business Day means any day except for (a) a Saturday, (b) a Sunday or (c) a day on which the Securities
Industry and Financial Markets Association recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be closed for the entire day for
purposes of trading in United States government securities. 

Undrawn
Amount shall mean on any date and with respect to a particular Letter of Credit, the total amount then available to be drawn
under such Letter of Credit in Dollars. 

Validity
Guarantor(s) shall mean those Persons described as Validity Guarantors in Annex 2 . 

Validity
Guaranty shall mean any validity guaranty executed by a Validity Guarantor in favor of the Bank (if more than one, the Guaranties ). 

Voting
Stock shall mean Stock of any Person having ordinary power to vote in the Managing Persons or other controlling Persons, of
such Person (irrespective of whether, at the time, Stock of any other class or classes of such entity shall have or might have voting
power by reason of the occurrence of any contingency). 

Wall
Street Journal Prime Rate shall mean the highest rate published from time to time by the Wall Street Journal as the prime
rate, or, in the event the Wall Street Journal ceases publication of the prime rate, the base, reference or other rate then designated
by the Bank, in its sole and absolute discretion, for general commercial loan reference purposes, it being understood that such rate
is a reference rate, not necessarily the lowest, established from time to time, which serves as the basis upon which effective interest
rates are calculated for loans making reference thereto. 

A1- 20 

2.
 Accounting Terms and Principles and GAAP . All accounting determinations required to be made pursuant hereto shall, unless expressly
otherwise provided herein, be made in accordance with GAAP. No change in the accounting principles used in the preparation of any financial
statement hereafter adopted by the Borrower shall be given effect if such change would affect a calculation that measures compliance
with any provision of this unless the Borrower and the Bank agree to modify such provisions to reflect such changes in GAAP and, unless
such provisions are modified, all financial statements, Agreement, certificates and similar documents provided hereunder shall be provided
together with a reconciliation between the calculations and amounts set forth therein before and after giving effect to such change in
GAAP. 

3. Certain
References . Unless otherwise expressly indicated, references (i) in this Agreement to an Exhibit, Annex, Schedule, Article, Section
or clause refer to the appropriate Exhibit, Annex or Schedule to, or Article, Section or clause in, this Agreement and (ii) in any Loan
Document, to (A) any agreement shall include, without limitation, all exhibits, schedules, appendixes and annexes to such agreement and,
unless the prior consent of the Bank is not obtained, any modification to any term of such agreement, (B) any statute shall be to such
statute as modified from time to time and to any successor legislation thereto, in each case as in effect at the time any such reference
is operative and (C) any time of day shall be a reference to New York time. Titles of articles, sections, clauses, exhibits, schedules
and annexes contained in any Loan Document are without substantive meaning or content of any kind whatsoever and are not a part of the
agreement between the parties hereto. Unless otherwise expressly indicated, the meaning of any term defined (including by reference)
in any Loan Document shall be equally applicable to both the singular and plural forms of such term. 

4. Code
Terms . All terms which are not defined herein but which are defined in the Code shall have the meanings given to them in the applicable
Code. 

5. Interpretation
and Certain Terms . Except as set forth in any Loan Document, all accounting terms not specifically defined herein shall be construed
in accordance with GAAP (except for the term property, which shall be interpreted as broadly as possible, including, in
any case, cash, securities, other assets, rights under Contractual Obligations and Permits and any right or interest in any property).
The terms herein, hereof and similar terms refer to this Agreement as a whole. In the computation of periods
of time from a specified date to a later specified date in any Loan Document, the terms from means from and including 
and the words to and until each mean to but excluding and the word through means
 to and including. In any other case, the term including when used in any Loan Document means including
without limitation. The term documents means all writings, however evidenced and whether in physical or electronic
form, including all documents, instruments, agreements, notices, demands, certificates, forms, financial statements, opinions and reports.
The term incur means incur, create, make, issue, assume or otherwise become directly or indirectly liable in respect of
or responsible for, in each case whether directly or indirectly, and the terms incurrence and incurred and
similar derivatives shall have correlative meanings. 

A1- 21 

6. Rates.
The Lender does not warrant or accept responsibility for, and shall not have any liability with respect to (a) the continuation of, administration
of, submission of, calculation of or any other matter related to the Term SOFR Reference Rate, Adjusted Term SOFR, or Term SOFR, or any
component definition thereof or rates referred to in the definition thereof, or any alternative, successor or replacement rate thereto
(including any Benchmark Replacement), including whether the composition or characteristics of any such alternative, successor or replacement
rate (including any Benchmark Replacement) will be similar to, or produce the same value or economic equivalence of, or have the same
volume or liquidity as, the Term SOFR Reference Rate, Adjusted Term SOFR, Term SOFR or any other Benchmark prior to its discontinuance
or unavailability, or (b) the effect, implementation or composition of any Conforming Changes. The Lender and its affiliates or other
related entities may engage in transactions that affect the calculation of the Term SOFR Reference Rate, Term SOFR, Adjusted Term SOFR,
any alternative, successor or replacement rate (including any Benchmark Replacement) or any relevant adjustments thereto, in each case,
in a manner adverse to the Borrower. The Lender may select information sources or services in its reasonable discretion to ascertain
the Term SOFR Reference Rate, Term SOFR, Adjusted Term SOFR, or any other Benchmark, in each case pursuant to the terms of this Agreement,
and shall have no liability to the Borrower or any other person or entity for damages of any kind, including direct or indirect, special,
punitive, incidental or consequential damages, costs, losses or expenses (whether in tort, contract or otherwise and whether at law or
in equity), for any error or calculation of any such rate (or component thereof) provided by any such information source or service. 

A1- 22 

ANNEX
2 

SCHEDULE
OF FACILITY INFORMATION 

1. Reserved . 

2. Interest
Rate : Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, interest shall be
calculated as follows: 

(i) in
the case of Revolving Loans, at a rate per annum equal to the Adjusted
 LIBOR Rate Term SOFR plus
the Applicable Margin . 

(ii) in
the case of other Obligations, at a rate per annum equal to the
Adjusted LIBOR Rate Term SOFR
plus the Applicable Margin . 

3. Conditions
to Credit Extensions Prior to Initial Credit Extensions : 

Resolutions,
Consents, and Other Documents. The Borrowers shall have delivered, or caused to be delivered to Bank, or Bank shall have received the
following, unless waived by the Bank: 

(a) this
Agreement, and each of the other Loan Documents all properly executed; 

(b) any
other documents to be executed and/or delivered by the Borrowers or any other Person pursuant to this Agreement; 

(c) certified
copies of (i) resolutions of Borrowers board of directors or managers or managing members (as applicable) authorizing the execution,
delivery and performance of this Agreement, and each of the other Loan Documents required to be delivered pursuant to this Agreement
and (ii) Borrowers articles or certificate of incorporation and by-laws or certificate of formation and operating agreement, as
applicable; 

(d) an
incumbency certificate for Borrowers identifying all officers or managers or managing members, with specimen signatures, authorized to
execute the Loan Documents; 

(e) insurance
certificates in form satisfactory to the Bank; 

(f) all
searches and certificates required by the Bank. 

4. Inspections,
Field Examinations, Audits : 

Frequency:
Provided that no Default or Event of Default has occurred, (i) field examinations and Collateral audits and analyses will not be conducted
more than one (1) time in any twelve-month period at the Borrowers expense and (ii) additional field examinations and Collateral
audits and analyses may be conducted at the Lender s expense. After the occurrence and during the continuance of a Default or an
Event of Default, there shall be no limit on the number of field examinations and Collateral audits and analyses that may be conducted
at the Borrowers expense. 

Cost :
 1,100 per man per day plus out-of-pocket expenses. 

A2- 1 

5. Financial
Statements : 

The
Bank has received the following financial statements from the Borrower: Consolidated financial statement of Borrowers Coffee Holding
and Organic Products for fiscal year end October 31, 2015; SEC 10Q statements through April 2016. 

6. Operating
and Deposit Accounts : 

The
Borrowers shall maintain all of theirs accounts, including operating and payroll accounts, with the Bank. Accounts which any Borrower
may maintain at institutions other than the Bank, if any, are listed on Annex 3 . 

7. Insurance : 

The
Borrowers shall carry insurance issued by an insurer acceptable to Bank, in amounts acceptable to Bank without co-insurance, against
all such liability, perils and hazards as are usually carried by entities engaged in the same or a similar business similarly situated
or as may be required by Bank in its discretion. 

8. Definition
of Borrowing Base : 

Borrowing
Base shall mean an amount not to exceed the following as shown on Bank s records at any time and as reported by each
Borrower prior to each request for a Revolving Loan and each request for a Letter of Credit and in a Borrowing Base Certificate as required
by this Agreement: 

(i) Up
to 85 of each Borrower s Eligible Accounts, plus 

(ii) Up
to the lesser of (y) 3,500,000 as to Coffee Holding or (z) the sum of (1) up to fifty percent (50 of the cost or market value, whichever
is lower, of green coffee owned by Coffee Holding that qualifies as Eligible Inventory of Coffee Holding, plus (2)
up to twenty-five percent (25 of the cost or market value, whichever is lower, of all Eligible Finished Goods Inventory of Coffee Holdings,
 plus 

(iii) Up
to the lesser of (y) 3,000,000 as to Organic Products or (z) the sum of (1) up to fifty percent (50 of the cost or market value, whichever
is lower, of green coffee owned by Organic Products that qualifies as Eligible Inventory of Organic Products, plus (2)
up to twenty-five percent (25 of the cost or market value, whichever is lower, of all Eligible Finished Goods Inventory of Organic
Products, minus 

(iv) such
reserves as the Bank elects, in its sole discretion, to establish from time to time ; . 

At
no time shall the outstanding amount of Revolving Loans against Eligible Inventory exceed the outstanding amount of Revolving Loans against
Eligible Accounts. At no time shall the aggregate outstanding principal balance of the Revolving Loans plus all LC Obligations exceed
the Maximum Facility Amount. 

A2- 2 

9. Eligible
Accounts shall comply with each of the following : 

(a) Maximum
days from original invoice date: 60 days 

(b) Maximum
days past maturity: 30 days 

(c) Maximum
percentage of invoices with maturity longer than that set forth in (a) above per Account Debtor [the Cross-age limitation ]:
25 

(d) Maximum
percentage of any single Account Debtor [ Concentration limit ]: 25 

10. Maturity
Date : The Revolving Credit Facility shall mature and terminate on June 29 30 ,
 2022 2024 (the
 Maturity Date ). If the Maturity Date shall fall on a day which is not a Business Day, the due date for payment hereunder
shall be extended to the next succeeding Business Day, and such extension of time shall be included in computing interest and fees in
connection with such payment. 

11. Maximum
Facility Amount : 

14,000,000 

12. Maximum
LC Obligation (LC Facility) : 

1,000,000 

13. Prepayment
 Penalty Premium :
In the event that the Revolving Credit Facility is terminated by the Borrowers at any time prior to a Maturity Date, or if the Revolving
Credit Facility is terminated by the Bank at any time as a result of the occurrence of a Default or an Event of Default, the Borrowers
shall pay to the Bank a prepayment premium upon the occurrence of such event (a Prepayment Event equal to one percent
(1 of the Maximum Facility Amount in effect as of the Prepayment Event. 

14. Fees
and Charges : 

Minimum
Deposit . If the Borrowers shall fail to maintain with the Bank during any calendar quarter non-interest bearing deposits having net
collected balances, after charges to compensate Bank for services rendered to Borrowers, of an aggregate amount of 250,000, the Borrowers
shall pay to the Bank a fee equal to the amount of such deficit multiplied by a rate per annum equal to the sum of the average daily
Wall Street Journal Prime Rate plus 3.00 . 

15. Reporting : 

15.1 Financial
Statements . Borrowers will furnish the following financial statements to the Bank: 

(a) Borrowers
shall provide to the Bank, within 120 days after the end of each fiscal year (October 31 st of Borrowers, its balance sheet
as at the end of such fiscal year, and its statement of income and retained earnings and statement of cash flow for such fiscal year,
prepared on a consolidated and consolidating basis and certified in accordance with GAAP by independent certified public accountants
of recognized standing selected by Borrowers and satisfactory to the Bank; alternatively, Borrower shall deliver to the Bank a copy of
the Borrower s 10K statement as filed with the SEC within 10 days of such filing; 

A2- 3 

(b) Borrowers
shall provide to the Bank, within 60 days after the end of each fiscal quarter of Borrowers, its balance sheet as at the end of such
quarter, and its statement of income and retained earnings and statement of cash flow for such quarter, prepared on a consolidated and
consolidating basis and in accordance with GAAP and reviewed by the Borrowers independent certified public accountants of recognized
standing selected by Borrowers and satisfactory to the Bank. The Borrowers current certified public accountants are satisfactory
to the Bank; alternatively, Borrower shall deliver to the Bank a copy of the Borrower s 10Q statement as filed with the SEC within
10 days of such filing; 

(c) Concurrently
with any delivery of financial statements under clauses (a) and (b) above, the Borrowers shall furnish to the Bank a compliance
certificate of the chief financial officer of the Borrower, in form satisfactory to the Bank, (i) certifying as to whether a Default
or Event of Default has occurred and, if a Default or Event of Default has occurred, specifying the details thereof and any action taken
or proposed to be taken with respect thereto, (ii) setting forth reasonably detailed calculations demonstrating compliance with the financial
covenants set forth on Annex 2 and (iii) stating whether any change in GAAP or in the application thereof has occurred since the
date of the financial statements referred to in Section 3.12 and, if any such change has occurred, specifying the effect of such
change on the financial statements accompanying such certificate; 

(d) Concurrently
with any delivery of financial statements under clause (a) above, the Borrowers shall furnish to the Bank a certificate of the
accounting firm that reported on such financial statements stating whether they obtained knowledge during the course of their examination
of such financial statements of any Default or Event of Default (which certificate may be limited to the extent required by accounting
rules or guidelines). 

15.2 Other
Reporting Requirements : 

(a) Borrowers
shall provide to the Bank, within 120 days after the end of each fiscal year of Borrowers, true and signed copies of federal tax returns,
complete with schedules and attachments, filed by Borrowers, except if filed earlier in which case Bank shall be furnished with such
copies within 30 days of filing. If any Borrower is on an extension for the filing of any tax return, Bank shall be furnished with, within
30 days of filing, a true copy of any such extension and, thereafter, Bank shall be provided with a true and signed copy of each such
filed tax return, complete with all schedules and attachments within 10 days of filing. 

(b) Borrowers
shall furnish to the Bank, within 30 days after the last day of each month, a Borrowing Base Certificate; 

A2- 4 

(c) Borrowers
shall furnish to the Bank, within 30 days after the last day of each month, an accounts receivable aging report in the form set forth
in the Borrowing Base Certificate; 

(d) Borrowers
shall furnish to the Bank, within 30 days after the last day of each month, an accounts payable report as of the last day of such month
in form satisfactory to the Bank; 

(e) Borrowers
shall furnish to the Bank, within 30 days after the last day of each month, a detailed listing and summary of the Inventory on Borrowers 
books as of the close of the preceding month, and including quantities, values, and location; 

(f) Annually,
not sooner than 30 days prior to, and not later than 30 days after, the end of each fiscal year of Borrowers, annual forecasts (to include
forecasted consolidated balance sheets, statements of income and expenses, statements of cash flow and Availability) for Borrower and
its consolidated Subsidiaries as of the end of and for each fiscal month of the following fiscal year of Borrowers. 

For
purposes of this Section 15 15.2 (f),
the term Availability means, with respect to Revolving Loans at any time of determination, an amount equal to (a)
the Borrowing Base less (b) the sum of (i) the unpaid principal balance of Revolving Loans plus (ii) all LC Obligations,
in each case determined at such time. 

(g) As
soon as available to Borrowers, but in any event within five (5) days after receipt by Borrower, Borrowers shall furnish to the Bank
a copy of any management letter provided to any Borrower by its accountants; and 

 (h) Promptly
following any request therefor, Borrowers shall furnish to the Bank such other information regarding the operations, business affairs
and financial condition of the Borrowers, or compliance with the terms of the Loan Documents, as the Bank may reasonably request. 

16. Financial
Covenants : 

Financial
Covenants . The Borrowers will not at any time or during any fiscal period (as applicable) fail to be in compliance with any of the
financial covenants set forth in this Annex. For purposes of testing compliance with financial covenants as prescribed herein, Coffee
Holding and Organic Products shall be treated on a consolidated basis and referred to collectively as Borrower: 

16.1 Definitions .
The following definitions, if applicable, shall pertain to this Section of this Annex: 

Capital
Expenditures shall mean for any fiscal period, the aggregate of all expenditures, including that portion of Capital Leases
attributable to that fiscal period, made for the acquisition of any fixed assets or improvements, replacements, substitutions or additions. 

A2- 5 

Capital
Lease shall mean, as applied to any Person, any lease of any property (whether real, personal or mixed) by that Person as
lessee that is or should be accounted for as a capital lease on the balance sheet of that Person. 

Cash
Interest Expense shall mean, for any fiscal period, Interest Expense for such fiscal period, excluding any amount not payable
in cash. 

Earnings 
shall mean net income as defined under GAAP. 

EBITDA 
shall mean, for any fiscal period, Earnings from continuing operations before payment of federal, state and local income taxes, plus
Interest Expense, depreciation, amortization and other non-cash charges, to the extent deducted or added in computing Earnings, and without
giving effect to extraordinary items, in each case for such fiscal period. 

Effective
Net Worth shall mean, as of the date of determination thereof, Total Assets, excluding all Intangible Assets and all loan
receivables and other obligations payable to the Borrower less Total Liabilities excluding Subordinated Indebtedness, all calculated
with respect to the Borrower. 

Fixed
Charges shall mean, for any fiscal period, the sum, without duplication, of the amounts determined for Borrower equal to (i)
Cash Interest Expense, (ii) scheduled payments of principal on Total Debt, and (iii) taxes and Restricted Payments made in cash during
such fiscal period. 

Fixed
Charge Coverage Ratio shall mean the ratio as of the last day of any fiscal period of (a) the sum of (i) EBITDA for such fiscal
period then ending, minus (ii) unfinanced Capital Expenditures made during such fiscal period to (b) Fixed Charges for such fiscal period. 

Indebtedness 
shall mean (A) all indebtedness for borrowed money or for the deferred purchase price of property or services, and all obligations under
leases which are or should be recorded as capital leases, in respect of which a Person is directly or contingently liable as borrower,
guarantor, endorser or otherwise, or in respect of which a Person otherwise assures a creditor against loss; (B) all obligations for
borrowed money or for the deferred purchase price of property or services secured by (or for which the holder has an existing right,
contingent or otherwise, to be secured by) any lien upon property (including without limitation accounts receivable and contract rights)
owned by a Person, whether or not such Person has assumed or become liable for the payment thereof; (C) indebtedness evidenced by bonds,
debentures, notes or other similar instruments; (D) obligations and liabilities directly or indirectly guaranteed by such Person; (E)
obligations or liabilities created or arising under any conditional sales contract or other title retention agreement with respect to
property used and/or acquired by such Person; (F) all obligations of such Person in respect of bankers acceptance; (G) all obligations,
contingent or otherwise of such Person as an account party or applicant in respect of letters of credit; and (H) all other liabilities
and obligations which would be classified in accordance with GAAP as indebtedness on a balance sheet or to which reference should be
made in footnotes thereto. 

A2- 6 

Intangible
Assets shall mean, as of the date of determination thereof, assets that in accordance with GAAP are properly classifiable
as intangible assets, including, but not limited to, goodwill, franchises, licenses, patents, trademarks, trade names and copyrights. 

Interest
Expense shall mean, for any fiscal period, the sum of total interest expense (including that portion attributable to Capital
Leases and capitalized interest) of Borrower with respect to all outstanding Total Debt, including all commissions, discounts and other
fees and charges owed with respect to letters of credit and net costs under hedging, swap or similar agreements. 

Leverage 
(Debt to Tangible Net Worth Ratio) shall have the meaning set forth in subsection (a) below. 

Senior
Indebtedness shall mean, as of the date of determination thereof, any amount of Indebtedness owing to the Bank (and/or any
other lender approved by the Bank in writing in its sole discretion). 

Subordinated
Indebtedness shall mean, as of the date of determination thereof, all Indebtedness which has been subordinated in writing
to the obligations owing to the Bank on terms and conditions acceptable to the Bank. 

Tangible
Net Worth shall have the meaning set forth in subsection (b) below. 

Total
Assets shall mean, as of the date of determination thereof, the total assets of the Borrower which would be classified in
accordance with GAAP as assets on a balance sheet or to which reference should be made in footnotes thereto, all calculated with respect
to the Borrower. 

Total
Debt shall mean, as at any date of determination, the aggregate stated balance sheet amount of all Indebtedness of Borrower. 

Total
Liabilities shall mean, as of the date of determination thereof, the total liabilities and obligations of the Borrower which
would be classified in accordance with GAAP as liabilities on a balance sheet or to which reference should be made in footnotes thereto,
all calculated with respect to the Borrower. 

Working
Capital shall have the meaning set forth in subsection (c) below. 

16.2 Covenants .
The following covenants shall apply to this Revolving Credit Facility: 

(a) Leverage
(Debt to Tangible Net Worth Ratio) . Borrower shall not permit the Leverage (Debt to Tangible Net Worth Ratio) to be greater than
2.00 to 1.00 at any time. In applying this ratio, the term Debt as numerator in the ratio equation shall mean the
 total liabilities Total Liabilities
 of the Borrower whether demand, installment, contingent, secured, unsecured, guaranteed, endorsed, or assumed all determined
in accordance with GAAP, less Subordinated Debt. The term Tangible Net Worth as denominator in the ratio equation
shall have the same meaning as set forth in (b) below defining Tangible Net Worth. 

A2- 7 

(b) Tangible
Net Worth . As of fiscal year end October 31, 2016, the Borrower shall have attained a Tangible Net Worth of not less than 11,293,000
and for each fiscal year thereafter, the Borrower shall maintain at all times during said fiscal year a Tangible Net Worth of not less
than the Tangible Net Worth reflected on the prior fiscal year end reviewed financial statement; provided, however, for every fiscal
year end after October 31, 2016, the Borrower s Tangible Net Worth at the fiscal year end shall not be less than the Tangible Net
Worth as of the prior year end plus 50 of the Borrower s net profit for the current fiscal year. In applying this covenant, Tangible
Net Worth shall mean the Borrower s net worth as reported
on the Borrower s financial statements, plus loans subordinated in favor of the Bank, less the total of loans or advances to its
officers and affiliated companies, goodwill, licenses, patents, copyrights, trademarks, trade names, unamortized debt discount and expense,
or organizational expenses and other like intangible assets and other items that would be characterized as intangible assets in accordance
with GAAP. It is further required that the resultant Tangible Net Worth from the above computation shall be increased on a dollar for
dollar basis for each dollar of equity contributed by the Borrower. 

(c) Working
Capital . The Borrower shall maintain working capital of not less than 4,000,000 at all times. The term Working Capital 
hereunder is defined as the difference between Current Assets and Current Liabilities. Current Assets at a particular
date, shall mean all cash, cash equivalents, accounts and inventory of Borrower and all other items which would, in conformity with GAAP,
be included under current assets of Borrower as at such date; provided, however, that such amounts shall not include (a) any amounts
for any Indebtedness owing by an Affiliate of Borrower, unless such Indebtedness arose in connection with the sale of goods or rendition
of services in the ordinary course of business and would otherwise constitute current assets in conformity with GAAP, (b) any shares
of stock issued by an Affiliate of Borrower, or (c) the cash surrender value of any insurance policy. Current Liabilities 
at a particular date, shall mean all amounts which would, in conformity with GAAP, be included under current liabilities on the balance
sheet of Borrower, as at such date, but in any event including, without limitation, the amounts of (a) all indebtedness of Borrower payable
on demand not more than twelve (12) months after such date, (b) any payments in respect of any Indebtedness of Borrower (whether installment,
serial maturity, or otherwise) required to be made not more than twelve (12) months after such date, (c) all reserves in respect of liabilities
or Indebtedness payable on demand not more than twelve (12) months after such date, and (d) all accruals for federal or other taxes measured
by income payable within a twelve (12) month period. 

(d) Net
Profit . The Borrower shall not reflect a net profit of less than 900,000, and shall not experience a net loss as of any fiscal year
end as reflected in the Borrower s certified fiscal year end statements. 

A2- 8 

(e) Distributions .
The Borrower shall not declare, pay or make any dividend distribution on any shares of the common stock or preferred stock of Borrower
(other than dividends or distributions payable in its stock, or split-ups or reclassification of its stock) or apply any of its funds,
property or assets to the purchase, redemption or other retirement of any common or preferred stock, or of any options to purchase or
acquire any such shares of common or preferred stock of the Borrower. Anything to the contrary notwithstanding, the Borrower shall be
permitted to acquire shares of the common stock or preferred stock of Borrower pursuant to its existing plan for such acquisition (which
has been furnished to and reviewed by the Bank), provided that no acquisition of shares shall result in the occurrence of an Event of
Default. 

(f) Employee
Loans . Borrower shall not make loans to employees in excess of the aggregate amount of 25,000 in any fiscal year without the prior
written consent of the Bank in its sole discretion. 

(g) Intercompany
Transactions . There shall be no inter-company transactions with any Non-Borrower Affiliates or Subsidiaries other than (i) the transactions
evidenced by the Generations Coffee Loan Documents not to exceed 2,750,220 as of May 25, 2018, minus principal payments made under the
Generations Coffee Loan Documents from and after May 25, 2018 and (ii) other inter-company transactions of up to 750,000. 

17. Waiver
of Covenant Violation. 

It
is acknowledged that Borrowers Coffee Holding and Organic Products failed to comply with the minimum net profit covenant prescribed in
the Existing Loan Documents. The Borrowers have requested that the Bank waive such covenant violations, and the Bank has agreed to do
so hereunder. By execution of this Agreement, the Bank is waiving such non-compliance as being an Event of Default under the Existing
Loan Documents for this instance of non-compliance only. Borrowers acknowledge that this waiver is singular in nature; that it does not
apply to any other instance of covenant non-compliance; that no promise has been made by the Bank that it will waive any other covenant
non-compliance, now or in the future; and that Borrowers are aware that they are fully obligated to satisfy all covenants under the Loan
Documents. No other covenant waiver shall in any event be effective unless the same shall be in writing and signed by the Bank, and then
such waiver shall be effective only in the specific instance and for the purpose for which given. 

A2- 9 

ANNEX
3 

 SCHEDULE
OF BORROWER INFORMATION AND RELATED MATTERS 

1. Additional
Permitted Liens: 

None. 

2. State
of Formation of Borrower: 

Coffee
Holding Co., Inc. Nevada 

Organic
Products Trading Company LLC Delaware 

3. State
and Jurisdictions where Borrower is qualified to do business: 

Coffee
Holding Co., Inc . Nevada, New York, New Jersey, Washington, Ohio 

Organic
Products Trading Company LLC Delaware, New Jersey, Washington 

4. Subsidiaries
or Affiliates: None 

5. Borrower
maintains offices or has equipment, fixtures, inventory or accounts receivable records on Borrower controlled premises only at the following
locations (includes all leased premises): 

Address
 of Premises 
 
 Landlord 
 
 Landlord s
 Address 

3475
 Victory Boulevard 
 Staten Island, NY 10314 
 
 TANJ
 Properties 
 
 117
 Eltingville Blvd. 
 Staten Island, NY 10312 
 
 1365
 Pacific Drive 
 Burlington, WA 98233 
 
 DVM
 Management 
 Corporation 

6. Litigation
and Environmental Matters: None 

7. The
following third parties (warehousemen, consignees, bailees, etc.) have possession of Borrower assets such as inventory, equipment, or
accounts receivable records: 

[ ] 

8. Alternate
or Fictitious Names or Trade Names: None 

9. Ownership
Interests: 

Owners
of Stock Interest of Coffee Holding, Inc. : 

Publicly
Traded - NASDAQ - JVA 

Owners
of Membership Interests of Organic Products Trading Company LLC : 

A3- 1 

Coffee
Holding Co., Inc. 

Owners
of Membership Interests of Sonofresco, LLC : 

Coffee
Holding Co., Inc. 

Owners
of Stock Interest of Comfort Foods, Inc. : 

Coffee
Holding Co., Inc. 

10. Management: 

Coffee
Holding Co., Inc. 

President:
Andrew Gordon 

 Secretary:
David Gordon 

Organic
Products Trading Company LLC 

Manager:
Andrew Gordon 

11. Copyrights,
Patents, Trade Marks, Service Marks, or Other Intellectual Property: 

Coffee
Holding: Caf Caribe, Caf Supremo, Via Roma, Don Maunel 

12. Commercial
Tort Claims: None 

13. Bank
accounts maintained at institutions other than the Bank: None 

14.
Borrower s Federal Tax Identification Number and State Organizational Identification Number, if applicable: 

[ ] 

State
issued identification number: 

15. Subordinated
Debt as of the Date hereof: 0.00 

16. Prior
Names: None 

17. Validity
Guarantors: 

Andrew
Gordon 

 David Gordon 

18. Guarantors: 

Sonofresco,
LLC 

 Comfort
Foods, Inc. 

A3- 2 

EXHIBIT
A 

 FORM
OF BORROWING BASE CERTIFICATE 

 See
Attached 

</EX-10.27>

<EX-10.28>
 4
 ex10-28.htm

Exhibit
10.28 

NINTH
LOAN MODIFICATION AGREEMENT AND WAIVER 

THIS
NINTH LOAN MODIFICATION AGREEMENT AND WAIVER (this Modification dated as of March 15, 2023, is by and among ORGANIC
PRODUCTS TRADING COMPANY LLC, a Delaware limited liability company and COFFEE HOLDING CO., INC., a Nevada corporation (collectively,
the Borrowers ), the Guarantors identified on the signatures pages hereto and WEBSTER BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION,
successor by merger to Sterling National Bank (the Bank or the Lender ). 

W
I T N E S S E T H: 

WHEREAS,
the Borrowers, the Guarantors and the Bank entered into that certain Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement dated as of April
25, 2017, as amended by (a) a certain letter agreement dated November 21, 2017, (b) a certain Loan Modification Agreement dated as of
February 28, 2018, (c) a certain Loan Modification Agreement and Waiver dated as of March 23, 2018, (d) a certain Loan Modification Agreement
and Waiver dated August 23, 2018, effective as of July 1, 2018 (e) a certain Fifth Loan Modification Agreement dated September 14, 2018,
(f) a certain Sixth Loan Modification Agreement dated as of March 13, 2019, (g) a certain Seventh Loan Modification Agreement dated March
16, 2022, and (h) a certain Eighth Loan Modification Agreement dated as of June 28, 2022 (collectively, the Loan Agreement ),
for the purposes and consideration therein expressed, pursuant to which the Bank became obligated to make Loans to the Borrowers as provided
therein; and 

WHEREAS,
the following Events of Default have occurred and are continuing under the Loan Agreement (collectively, the Specified Events
of Default ): 

(a)
Borrowers failed to comply with Section 16.2(d) of Annex 2 to the Loan Agreement (Net Profit) for the period ending October 31, 2022
in violation of Section 5.1 of the Loan Agreement, resulting in an Event of Default under Section 6.1(a) of the Loan Agreement; and 

(b)
Borrowers have entered into certain arms-length transactions with Non-Borrower Affiliates in violation of Section 16.2(g)of Annex 2 to
the Loan Agreement during the fiscal period ending October 31, 2022 in violation of Section 5.1 of the Loan Agreement, resulting in an
Event of Default under Section 6.1(a) of the Loan Agreement; and 

WHEREAS,
the Borrowers have requested that Bank waive the Specified Events of Default and otherwise amend certain terms of the Loan Agreement
as provided herein; 

NOW,
THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and the mutual covenants and agreements contained herein and in the Loan Agreement, in consideration
of the Loans which may hereafter be made by the Bank to the Borrowers, and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and
sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto do hereby agree as follows: 

ARTICLE
I 

 Definitions
and Waiver 

Section
1.1 Terms Defined in the Loan Agreement . Unless the context otherwise requires or unless otherwise expressly defined herein, the
terms defined in the Loan Agreement shall have the same meanings whenever used in this Modification. 

Section
1.2 Waiver of Specified Events of Default . The Bank hereby waives and elects to forego exercising rights and remedies in respect
of the Specified Events of Default. Except as expressly set forth herein with respect to the Specified Event of Default, nothing in this
Modification constitutes or shall be deemed to constitute a waiver of any of the rights or remedies of the Bank under the terms of the
Loan Agreement, any Guaranty or applicable law, all of which are hereby reserved. The Bank is not waiving any Default or Event of Default
other than the Specified Event of Default. Except as provided herein, all terms, conditions and covenants set forth in the Loan Documents
shall remain unaffected and in full force and effect. 

ARTICLE
II 

 Modification
to the Loan Agreement 

Section
2.1 Modification . As of the effective date of this Modification, the Loan Agreement is amended as follows: 

(a)
 Section 2.10 . Section 2.10 of the Loan Agreement is amended and restated in its entirety to read as follows: 

2.10
 Subordination . It is acknowledged that the sum, if any, set forth on Annex 3 (such Indebtedness referred to as Subordinated
Debt is currently due from Borrower to those creditors set forth on Annex 3 (each a Subordinator ).
If at any time there shall be Indebtedness that constitutes Subordinated Debt, Borrowers agree to procure from each Subordinator a Subordination
Agreement pursuant to which each Subordinator acknowledges and agrees that any Subordinated Debt owed to such Subordinator is subordinate,
inferior and subject to the satisfaction of all Obligations due the Bank, and that the failure of such Subordinator to execute and deliver
such Subordination Agreement to the Bank shall constitute an Event of Default hereunder. 

(b)
 Section 5.2 . The reference to June ___, 2022 in Section 5.2(b) of the Loan Agreement is amended to be June
28, 2022 . 

(c)
 Section 5.8 . Section 5.8 of the Loan Agreement is amended and restated in its entirety to read as follows: 

5.8
 Restricted Payments . Borrower will not nor will it permit any of the Subsidiaries to, (i) declare or make, or agree to pay for
or make, directly or indirectly, any Restricted Payment, or (ii) be or become liable in respect of any obligation (contingent or otherwise)
to purchase, redeem, retire, acquire or make any other payment in respect of its equity securities or any option, warrant or other right
to acquire any such shares of equity securities. 

(d)
 Section 5.9 . Section 5.9 of the Loan Agreement is amended and restated in its entirety to read as follows: 

5.9
 Transactions with Affiliates . Without limiting any other provision of this Agreement, Borrowers will not engage in any transactions
with any of its Affiliates, except in the ordinary course of business at prices and on terms and conditions not less favorable to Borrower
than could be obtained on an arms-length basis from unrelated third parties. 

(e)
 Annex 2; Section 15.1 . Section 15.1(a) of Annex 2 to the Loan Agreement is amended and restated in its entirety to read as follows: 

Page 2 

(a)
Borrowers shall provide to the Bank, within 120 days after the end of each fiscal year (October 31 st of Borrowers (and by
April 15, 2023 for Borrowers fiscal year ending October 31, 2022 only), its balance sheet as at the end of such fiscal year, and
its statement of income and retained earnings and statement of cash flow for such fiscal year, prepared on a consolidated and consolidating
basis and certified in accordance with GAAP by independent certified public accountants of recognized standing selected by Borrowers
and satisfactory to the Bank; alternatively, Borrower shall deliver to the Bank a copy of the Borrower s 10K statement as filed
with the SEC within 10 days of such filing; 

(f)
 Annex 2; Section 16.1 . Section 16.1 of Annex 2 to the Loan Agreement is amended by the addition, in alphabetical order, or the
amendment and restatement, as applicable, of the following definitions to read in their entirety as follows: 

Fixed
Charges shall mean, for any fiscal period, the sum, without duplication, of the amounts determined for Borrower equal to (i)
Cash Interest Expense, (ii) scheduled payments of principal on Total Debt, and (iii) taxes paid in cash during such fiscal period. 

Fixed
Charge Coverage Ratio shall mean the ratio as of the last day of any fiscal period of (a) the sum of (i) EBITDA for such fiscal
period then ending, minus (ii) Maintenance Capital Expenditures made during such fiscal period, minus (iii) Restricted
Payments paid in cash during such fiscal period to (b) Fixed Charges for such fiscal period. 

Maintenance
Capital Expenditure shall means a Capital Expenditure required to maintain property, plan and equity for satisfaction and
safter operations, at current capacity levels. 

(g)
 Annex 2; Section 16.2 . Section 16.2 of Annex 2 to the Loan Agreement is amended and restated in its entirety to read as follows: 

16.2
 Covenants . The following covenants shall apply to this Revolving Credit Facility: 

(a)
 Leverage (Debt to Tangible Net Worth Ratio) . Borrowers shall not permit their Leverage Ratio (Debt to Tangible Net Worth Ratio)
to be greater than 2.00 to 1.00 at any time. In applying this ratio: 

(i)
the term Debt as numerator in the ratio equation shall mean (1) the Total Liabilities of the Borrower whether demand,
installment, contingent, secured, unsecured, guaranteed, endorsed, or assumed all determined in accordance with GAAP, minus (2)
Indebtedness subordinated in favor of the Bank pursuant to a Subordination Agreement; and 

(ii)
the term Tangible Net Worth as denominator in the ratio equation shall mean (1) the Borrower s net worth as
reported on the Borrower s financial statements, plus (2) Indebtedness subordinated in favor of the Bank pursuant to a Subordination
Agreement, minus (3) the total of loans or advances to its officers and affiliated companies, minus (4) goodwill, licenses,
patents, copyrights, trademarks, trade names, unamortized debt discount and expense, or organizational expenses and other like intangible
assets and other items that would be characterized as intangible assets in accordance with GAAP. 

(b)
 Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio . The Borrowers shall not permit their Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio, measured on a quarter-end basis,
to be less than the required amount set forth in the following table for the applicable period set forth opposite thereto: 

Period 
 
 Fixed
 Charge Coverage Ratio 
 
 Three
 months ending January 31, 2023 
 
 1.00
 to 1.00 
 
 Six
 months ending April 30, 2023 
 
 1.10
 to 1.00 
 
 Nine
 months ending July 31, 2023 
 
 1.15
 to 1.00 
 
 Twelve
 months ending October 31, 2023 
 and
 at the end of each fiscal quarter thereafter 
 on
 a trailing four quarter basis 
 
 1.25
 to 1.00 

ARTICLE
III 

 Conditions
of Effectiveness 

Section
3.1 Effective Time . This Modification shall become effective as of the date first above written once the following conditions
precedent have been satisfied in full (the Effective Time ): 

(a)
 Bank shall have received, at Bank s
office, a duly executed counterpart of this Modification from each Borrower and Guarantor. 

(b)
 Bank shall have received a certificate
of an officer of each Borrower and each Guarantor certifying that (i) the resolutions of such Person delivered to the Lender on June
22, 2022 have not been modified, rescinded or amended, are in full force and effect on the date of this Modification, are the only resolutions
relating to the documents and transactions described therein and authorize the execution and delivery by such Person of this Modification,
(ii) the certificate of incorporation, certificate of formation, by-laws or limited liability company agreement, as applicable, of such
Person which were certified and delivered to Lender on April 25, 2017 are true and correct copies of such documents, and such documents
continue in full force and effect and have not been amended or otherwise modified except as set forth in the certificates to be delivered,
and (iii) the officers of such Person who have been certified to Lender on April 25, 2017 as being authorized to sign and to act on behalf
of such Person continue to be so authorized or setting forth the sample signatures of each of the officers of such Person authorized
to execute and deliver this Modification and all other documents, agreements and certificates on behalf of such Person. 

(c)
 Borrowers shall have paid Lender
a waiver and modification fee in an amount equal to 20,000. Borrowers acknowledge that the waiver and modification fee shall be fully
earned upon execution and delivery of this Modification and shall be non-refundable. 

(d)
 Bank shall have received any and
all other documents, instruments, writings, agreements, and information as Agent may reasonably request and which have been identified
to Agent at least three (3) Business Days prior to the date hereof. 

(e)
 No Default or Event of Default
shall have occurred and be continuing. 

Page 3 

ARTICLE
IV 

 Representations
and Warranties 

Section
4.1 Representations and Warranties of Borrower and Guarantor . In order to induce Bank to enter into this Modification, Borrowers
and Guarantors hereby represent and warrant to Bank that: 

(f)
 The representations and warranties
contained in the Loan Agreement are true and correct in all material respects at and as of the Effective Time; provided , however ,
those representations and warranties containing a reference to a particular date shall continue to be qualified by reference to such
date; 

(g)
 The Borrowers and Guarantors are
duly authorized to execute and deliver this Modification and are duly authorized to borrow and perform their obligations under the Loan
Agreement and the other Loan Documents. The Borrowers and Guarantors have duly taken all corporate action necessary to authorize the
execution and delivery of this Modification and to authorize the performance of the obligations of Borrowers and Guarantors hereunder; 

(h)
 The execution and delivery by the
Borrowers and Guarantors of this Modification, the performance by the Borrowers and Guarantors of their obligations hereunder and thereunder
and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby do not and will not conflict with, violate or constitute a breach
or default under (i) any provision of applicable law applicable to it or any of its Subsidiaries, (ii) its organizational documents,
(iii) any agreement or instrument to which it is a party or which is otherwise binding upon it, or (iv) any material judgment, license,
order or permit applicable to or binding upon it; 

(i)
 Except for those which have been
duly obtained, no consent, approval, exemption, authorization or other action by, notice to, or filing with any governmental authority
or third party is required in connection with the execution and delivery by the Borrowers and Guarantors of this Modification or to consummate
the transactions contemplated hereby; 

(j)
 When duly executed and delivered,
this Modification will constitute the legal, valid and binding obligation of the Borrowers and Guarantors, enforceable in accordance
with its terms, except as limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or similar laws relating to enforcement of creditors 
rights; and 

(k)
 No Default or Event of Default
exists under the Loan Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents. 

ARTICLE
V 

 Miscellaneous 

Section
5.1 Ratification of Agreement . 

(a)
The Loan Agreement as hereby amended is hereby ratified and confirmed in all respects. Any reference to the Loan Agreement in any Loan
Document shall be deemed to refer to the Loan Agreement, as amended by this Modification. The execution, delivery and effectiveness of
this Modification shall not operate as a waiver of any Default or Event of Default, or of any right, power or remedy of Bank under the
Loan Agreement or any other Loan Document nor constitute a waiver of any provision of the Loan Agreement or any other Loan Document. 

(b)
By signing in the space provided below, each Guarantor hereby ratifies in all respects such Guarantor s separate Guaranty Agreement
and confirms such Guaranty Agreement remains in full force and effect. 

Page 4 

Section
5.2 Survival of Agreements . All representations, warranties, covenants and agreements of the Borrowers and Guarantors herein shall
survive the execution and delivery of this Modification and the performance hereof, and shall further survive until all of the Obligations
are paid in full. All statements and agreements contained in any certificate or instrument delivered by the Borrowers and Guarantors
hereunder or under the Loan Agreement or the Guaranty to Bank shall be deemed to constitute representations and warranties by, or agreements
and covenants of, the Borrowers and Guarantors under this Modification and under the Loan Agreement and Guaranty. 

Section
5.3 Loan Document . This Modification is a Loan Document, and all provisions in the Loan Agreement pertaining to Loan Documents
apply hereto. 

Section
5.4 Governing Law . THIS MODIFICATION HAS BEEN EXECUTED OR COMPLETED AND/OR IS TO BE PERFORMED IN NEW YORK, AND IT AND ALL TRANSACTIONS
HEREUNDER OR PURSUANT HERETO SHALL BE GOVERNED AS TO INTERPRETATION, VALIDITY, EFFECT, RIGHTS, DUTIES AND REMEDIES OF THE PARTIES HEREUNDER
AND IN ALL RESPECTS BY THE LAWS OF NEW YORK, WITHOUT GIVING EFFECT TO THE CONFLICTS OF LAWS PRINCIPLES THEREOF, BUT INCLUDING SECTIONS
5-1401 AND 5-1402 OF THE GENERAL OBLIGATIONS LAW. 

Section
5.5 Counterparts; Fax . This Modification may be executed in any number of counterparts and signature pages may be detached from
multiple separate counterparts and attached to the same document. A telecopy or other electronic transmission of any such executed counterpart
signature page shall be deemed valid as an original. 

Section
5.6 References . All references in the Loan Agreement to this Agreement shall be deemed to refer to the Loan Agreement
as amended hereby; and any and all references in the Loan Documents to the Loan Agreement shall be deemed to refer to the Loan Agreement
as amended hereby. 

Section
5.7 Costs and Expenses . Borrowers hereby reaffirm their agreement under the Loan Agreement to pay or reimburse Bank on demand
for all reasonable costs and expenses incurred by Bank in connection with the Loan Documents, including without limitation all reasonable
fees and disbursements of legal counsel. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, Borrowers specifically agree to pay all reasonable
fees and disbursements of counsel to Bank for the services performed by such counsel in connection with the preparation of this Modification
and the documents and instruments incidental hereto. Borrowers hereby agree that Bank may, at any time or from time to time in its sole
discretion and without further authorization by Borrowers, make a loan to Borrowers under the Loan Agreement, or apply the proceeds of
any loan, for the purpose of paying any such fees, disbursements, costs and expenses. 

THIS
MODIFICATION AND THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS REPRESENT THE FINAL AGREEMENT BETWEEN THE PARTIES AND MAY NOT BE CONTRADICTED BY EVIDENCE OF
PRIOR, CONTEMPORANEOUS, OR SUBSEQUENT ORAL AGREEMENTS OF THE PARTIES. 

THERE
ARE NO UNWRITTEN ORAL AGREEMENTS BETWEEN THE PARTIES. 

[The
Remainder of this Page is Intentionally Left Blank] 

Page 5 

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, this Modification is executed as of the date first above written. 

BORROWERS : 

ORGANIC PRODUCTS TRADING COMPANY LLC 

By: 
 /s/ Andrew Gordon 

Andrew
Gordon, Manager 

COFFEE HOLDING CO., INC. 

By: 
 /s/ Andrew Gordon 

Andrew
Gordon, Manager 

BANK/LENDER: 

WEBSTER BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION 

By: 
 /s/
 Mark J. Long 

Mark
J. Long, Managing Director 

Ninth Loan Modification Agreement and Waiver 

Agreed
and acknowledged: 

SONOFRESCO,
LLC, Guarantor 

By: 
 /s/
 Andrew Gordon 

Name: 
 Andrew Gordon 

Title: 
 President/CEO 

COMFORT
FOODS, INC., Guarantor 

By: 
 /s/
 Andrew Gordon 

Name: 
 Andrew Gordon 

Title: 
 President/CEO 

GENERATIONS
COFFEE COMPANY, LLC, Guarantor 

By: 
 /s/
 Andrew Gordon 

Name: 
 Andrew Gordon 

Title: 
 Vice President 

Validity
Guarantors: 

/s/ Andrew Gordon 

Andrew
Gordon 

/s/ David Gordon 

David
Gordon 

Ninth Loan Modification Agreement and Waiver 

</EX-10.28>

<EX-21.1>
 5
 ex21-1.htm

EXHIBIT
21.1 

COFFEE
HOLDING CO., INC. 

Significant
Subsidiaries 

Name of Entity 
 Jurisdiction 

Organic Products Trading Company, LLC 
 United States, Washington 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 6
 ex23-1.htm

Exhibit
23.1 

Independent
Registered Public Accounting Firm s Consent 

We consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statement
of Coffee Holding Co., Inc. on Form S-8 (No. 333-233065) of our report dated March 29, 2023, with respect to our audits of the consolidated
financial statements of Coffee Holding Co., Inc. and Subsidiaries as of October 31, 2022 and for each of the two years in the period ended
October 31, 2022, which report is included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Coffee Holding Co., Inc. for the year ended October 31,
2022. 

/s/
Marcum llp 

Marcum
 llp 

 New
York, New York 

 March
29, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 7
 ex31-1.htm

EXHIBIT
31.1 

Certification
of Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer 

 Pursuant
to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

I,
Andrew Gordon, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this annual
 report on Form 10-K for the period ended October 31, 2022 of Coffee Holding Co., Inc.; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge,
 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements
 made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this
 report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge,
 the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial
 condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 I am responsible for establishing
 and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control
 over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) 
 Designed such disclosure
 controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under my supervision, to ensure that material
 information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to me by others within those entities,
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 
 Designed such internal
 controls over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under my supervision,
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for
 external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness
 of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report my conclusions about the effectiveness
 of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) 
 Disclosed in this report
 any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s fourth
 fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control
 over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 I have disclosed, based
 on my most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee
 of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) 
 All significant deficiencies
 and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely
 affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not
 material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over
 financial reporting. 

Date: March 29, 2023 
 /s/
 Andrew Gordon 

Andrew Gordon 

President, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial
 Officer and Treasurer 

(Principal Executive Officer, Principal Financial Officer,
 Chief Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-32.1>
 8
 ex32-1.htm

EXHIBIT
32.1 

Statement
Furnished Pursuant to Section 906 of the 

 Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002, 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 

The
undersigned, Andrew Gordon, is the President, Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of Coffee Holding Co., Inc. (the Company ). 

This
statement is being furnished in connection with the filing by the Company of the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the period
ended October 31, 2022 (the Report ). 

By
execution of this statement, I certify that: 

A) 
 the Report fully complies
 with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78m(a) or 78o(d)); and 

B) 
 the information contained
 in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company as of the
 dates and for the periods covered by the Report. 

This
statement is authorized to be attached as an exhibit to the Report so that this statement will accompany the Report at such time as the
Report is filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, 18 U.S.C. Section
1350. It is not intended that this statement be deemed to be filed for purposes of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

A
signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to Coffee Holding Co., Inc. and will be retained
by Coffee Holding Co., Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

Date: March 29, 2023 
 /s/
 Andrew Gordon 

Andrew Gordon 

President, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial
 Officer and Treasurer 

(Principal Executive Officer, Principal Financial Officer,
 Chief Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 jva-20221031.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 jva-20221031_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 12
 jva-20221031_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 jva-20221031_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

