<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230223_10-K_edgar_data_1692412_0001692412-23-000038.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>17144867</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>386991</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2590601</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>6321662</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>4013199</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>3524760</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>13</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001692412-23-000038.hdr.sgml : 20230223
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230223160501
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001692412-23-000038
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		130
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230223
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230223

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Playa Hotels & Resorts N.V.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001692412
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	HOTELS & MOTELS [7011]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			P7
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-38012
		FILM NUMBER:		23659559

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		NIEUWEZIJDS VOORBURGWAL 104
		STREET 2:		1012 SG
		CITY:			AMSTERDAM
		STATE:			P7
		ZIP:			1012 SG
		BUSINESS PHONE:		31 6 82 55 84 30

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		NIEUWEZIJDS VOORBURGWAL 104
		STREET 2:		1012 SG
		CITY:			AMSTERDAM
		STATE:			P7
		ZIP:			1012 SG

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Porto Holdco B.V.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20161215

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001692412-23-000038.txt : 20230223

10-K
 1
 plya-20221231.htm
 FORM 10-K

plya-20221231 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 _______________________________________________ 
 FORM 
 _____________________________________________ 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2022 
 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934. 
 
 COMMISSION FILE NO. 
 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 The (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (IRS Employer Identification Number) 
 
 the Not Applicable (Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code) 
 + 
 (Registrant's Telephone Number, Including Area Code) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of Each Class Trading Symbol(s) Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. No 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports) and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past ninety (90) days. No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer and smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Accelerated Filer Non-Accelerated Filer Smaller Reporting Company Emerging Growth Company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management's assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No 
 
 As of June 30, 2022, the aggregate market value of the registrant's ordinary shares, 0.10 par value, held by non-affiliates of the registrant was approximately million (based upon the closing sale price of the registrant's ordinary shares on June 30, 2022 on the Nasdaq). 
 
 As of February 20, 2023, there were shares of the registrant s ordinary shares, 0.10 par value, outstanding. 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

Table of Contents 

 Playa Hotels Resorts N.V. 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 FISCAL YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 Page PART I 
 Item 1. Business 
 6 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 14 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 30 
 Item 2. Properties 
 31 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 32 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 32 
 PART II 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 32 
 Item 6. [Reserved] 
 33 
 Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 33 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 54 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 55 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 101 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 101 
 Item 9B. Other Information 
 101 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 102 
 PART III 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 103 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 103 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 103 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 103 
 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 103 
 PART IV 
 Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedule 
 104 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 106 
 Signatures 
 107 

2 

Table of Contents 

 FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 This annual report contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements relate to expectations, beliefs, projections, future plans and strategies, anticipated events or trends and similar expressions concerning matters that are not historical facts. Forward-looking statements reflect our current views with respect to, among other things, our capital resources, portfolio performance, results of operations, liquidity and financial condition. Likewise, our consolidated financial statements and all of our statements regarding anticipated growth in our operations, anticipated market conditions, demographics and results of operations are forward-looking statements. In some cases, you can identify these forward-looking statements by the use of terminology such as outlook, believes, expects, potential, continues, may, will, should, could, seeks, approximately, predicts, intends, plans, estimates, anticipates or the negative version of these words or other comparable words or phrases. 
 The forward-looking statements contained in this annual report reflect our current views about future events and are subject to numerous known and unknown risks, uncertainties, assumptions and changes in circumstances that may cause our actual results to differ significantly from those expressed in any forward-looking statement. The following factors, among others, could also cause actual results and future events to differ materially from those set forth or contemplated in the forward-looking statements: 
 general economic uncertainty and the effect of general economic conditions, including inflation, rising interest rates and a potential economic recession, on consumer discretionary spending and the lodging industry in particular; 
 the popularity of the all-inclusive resort model, particularly in the luxury segment of the resort market; 
 changes in economic, social or political conditions in the regions we operate, including changes in perception of public-safety, changes in unemployment rates and labor force availability, and changes in the supply of rooms from competing resorts; 
 the success and continuation of our relationships with Hyatt Hotels Corporation Hyatt ), Hilton Worldwide Holdings, Inc. Hilton ), and Wyndham Hotels Resorts, Inc. Wyndham 
 the volatility of currency exchange rates; 
 the success of our branding or rebranding initiatives with our current portfolio and resorts that may be acquired in the future; 
 our failure to successfully complete acquisition, expansion, repair and renovation projects in the timeframes and at the costs and returns anticipated; 
 changes we may make in timing and scope of our development and renovation projects; 
 significant increases in construction and development costs; 
 significant increases in utilities, labor or other resort costs; 
 our ability to obtain and maintain financing arrangements on attractive terms or at all; 
 our ability to obtain and maintain ample liquidity to fund operations and service debt; 
 the impact of and changes in governmental regulations or the enforcement thereof, tax laws and rates, accounting guidance and similar matters in regions in which we operate; 
 the ability of our guests to reach our resorts given government mandated travel restrictions, such as those related to COVID-19, or airline service/capacity issues, as well as changes in demand for our resorts resulting from government mandated safety protocols and/or health concerns, including those related to COVID-19; 
 the effectiveness of our internal controls and our corporate policies and procedures; 
 changes in personnel and availability of qualified personnel; 
 extreme weather events, such as hurricanes, floods and extreme heat waves, which may increase in frequency and severity as a result of climate change, and other natural disasters; 
 3 

Table of Contents 

 public health crises, such as the resurgence of COVID-19 or the outbreak of other contagious diseases; 
 dependence on third parties to provide Internet, telecommunications and network connectivity to our data centers; 
 the volatility of the market price and liquidity of our ordinary shares and other of our securities; and 
 the increasingly competitive environment in which we operate. 
 
 While forward-looking statements reflect our good faith beliefs, they are not guarantees of future performance. The Company disclaims any obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statement to reflect changes in underlying assumptions or factors, new information, data or methods, future events or other changes after the date of this annual report, except as required by applicable law. You should not place undue reliance on any forward-looking statements, which are based only on information currently available to us (or to third parties making the forward-looking statements). 
 
 Unless the context requires otherwise, in this annual report, we use the terms the Company, Playa, our company, we, us, our and similar references to refer to Playa Hotels Resorts N.V., a Dutch public limited liability company (naamloze vennootschap), and, where appropriate, its subsidiaries. 
 Risk Factor Summary 
 
 We are providing the following summary of the risk factors contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K to enhance the readability and accessibility of our risk factor disclosures. We encourage our shareholders to carefully review the full risk factors contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K in their entirety for additional information regarding the risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to vary materially from recent results or from our anticipated future results. 
 The COVID-19 pandemic has had, and may continue to have, a significant material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 
 General economic uncertainty and weak demand in the lodging industry could have a material adverse effect on us. 
 Recent significant increases in inflation and interest rates could adversely impact us and our customers. 
 We are exposed to significant risks related to the geographic concentration of our resorts, including weather-related emergencies, natural disasters, and instability in government and public safety. 
 Terrorist acts, armed conflict, civil unrest, criminal activity and threats thereof, and other international events impacting the security of travel or the perception of security of travel could adversely affect the demand for travel generally and demand for vacation packages at our resorts. 
 Our success depends in large part on the success of our third-party brand partners. 
 If we are not able to satisfy the requirements imposed by our third-party brand partners, our relationship with these partners could deteriorate, which could have a material adverse effect on us. 
 There are very few restrictions on the ability of our third-party brand partners, including Hyatt, to compete with us. 
 There is increased competition from global hospitality branded companies in the all-inclusive market segment. 
 We have significant exposure to currency exchange rate risk. 
 Our resort development, acquisition, expansion, repositioning and rebranding projects will be subject to timing, budgeting and other risks, which could have a material adverse effect on us. 
 Given the beachfront locations of our resorts, we are particularly vulnerable to extreme weather events, such as hurricanes, which may increase in frequency and severity as a result of climate change and adversely affect our business. 
 The coastlines of a number of the regions where our resorts are concentrated have experienced elevated levels of sargassum seaweed in recent years. 
 Our insurance may not be adequate to cover our potential losses, liabilities and damages, the cost of insurance may continue to increase materially, including as a result of extreme weather events that may be related to climate change, and we may not be able to secure insurance to cover all of our risks, all of which could have a material adverse effect on us. 
 Labor shortages could restrict our ability to operate our properties or grow our business or result in increased labor costs that could adversely affect our results of operations and cash flows. 
 4 

Table of Contents 

 A significant number of our employees are unionized, and if labor negotiations or work stoppages were to disrupt our operations, it could have a material adverse effect on us. 
 The availability and affordability of commercial airline and tour operator services is important to our business. 
 Our resorts require ongoing and often costly maintenance, renovations and capital improvements. 
 We have substantial debt outstanding that requires significant payments of principal and interest. 
 The agreements which govern our various debt obligations impose restrictions on our business and limit our ability to undertake certain actions. 
 Our variable rate indebtedness is priced using a spread over the Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR and subjects us to interest rate risk, which could cause our debt service obligations to increase significantly. 
 We may become subject to disputes or legal, regulatory or other proceedings that could involve significant expenditures by us, which could have a material adverse effect on us. 
 Some of the resorts in our portfolio located in Mexico were constructed and renovated without certain approvals. The authority granted to the Mexican government is plenary and we can give no assurance it will not exercise its authority to impose fines, remediation measures or close part or all of the related resort(s), which could have a material adverse effect on us. 
 The cyclical nature of the lodging industry may cause fluctuations in our operating performance, which could have a material adverse effect on us. 
 The increasing use of Internet travel intermediaries by consumers could have a material adverse effect on us. 
 Cyber risk and the failure to maintain the integrity of internal or guest data could harm our reputation and result in a loss of business and/or subject us to costs, fines, investigations, enforcement actions or lawsuits. 
 Information technology systems, software or website failures or interruptions could have a material adverse effect on our business or results of operations. 
 We could be exposed to liabilities under the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act FCPA and other anti-corruption laws and regulations, including non-U.S. laws, any of which could have a material adverse impact on us. 
 Our existing resorts and resorts that we may acquire may contain or develop harmful mold that could lead to liability for adverse health effects and costs of remediating the problem, either of which could have a material adverse effect on us. 
 Illiquidity of real estate investments could significantly impede our ability to sell resorts or otherwise respond to adverse changes in the performance of our resorts, which could have a material adverse effect on us. 
 We could incur significant costs related to government regulation and litigation with respect to environmental matters, which could have a material adverse effect on us. 
 The rights of our shareholders and the duties of our directors are governed by Dutch law, our Articles of Association and internal rules and policies adopted by our board of directors (the Board ), and differ in some important respects from the rights of shareholders and the duties of members of a board of directors of a U.S. corporation. 
 Certain companies affiliated with Sagicor Group Jamaica Limited (collectively Sagicor own a significant number of our ordinary shares and have representation on our Board, and may have interests that differ from those of our other shareholders. 
 Provisions of our Articles of Association or Dutch corporate law might deter or discourage acquisition bids for us that shareholders might consider to be favorable and prevent or frustrate any attempt to replace or remove our Board at the time of such acquisition bid. 
 If, based on Mexican law, the accounting value of our ordinary shares is derived more than 50 from property in Mexico, it could result in the imposition of tax on a selling shareholder who is not eligible to claim benefits under the income tax treaty between Mexico and the United States or under any other favorable income tax treaty with Mexico. 
 5 

Table of Contents 

 PART I 
 
 Item 1. Business. 
 Overview 
 
 Playa is a leading owner, operator and developer of all-inclusive resorts in prime beachfront locations in popular vacation destinations in Mexico and the Caribbean. As of December 31, 2022, we owned and/or managed a total portfolio consisting of 25 resorts (9,352 rooms) located in Mexico, Jamaica and the Dominican Republic. Playa s strategy is to leverage its globally recognized brand partnerships and proprietary in-house direct booking capabilities to capitalize on the growing popularity of the all-inclusive resort model and reach first-time all-inclusive resort consumers in a cost-effective manner. We believe that this strategy should position us to generate attractive returns for our shareholders, build lasting relationships with our guests, and enhance the lives of our associates and the communities in which we operate. 
 
 We believe that the resorts we own and manage are among the finest all-inclusive resorts in the destinations they serve. We believe that our resorts have a competitive advantage due to their location, brand affiliations, extensive amenities, scale and design. Our portfolio is comprised of all-inclusive resorts that share some combination of the following characteristics: 
 Prime beachfront locations; 
 Globally recognized U.S. hotel brand partners; 
 Convenient air access from major and secondary North American markets and international gateway markets; 
 Strategic locations in popular vacation destinations with strong local government commitments to tourism; 
 High quality standards and physical condition; and 
 Capacity for further revenues and earnings growth through incremental renovation or repositioning opportunities. 
 
 Our all-inclusive resorts provide guests an attractive vacation experience that offers compelling value and price certainty, while at the same time providing Playa more predictable revenue, expense and occupancy rates than traditional full-service hotel business models. Generally, all-inclusive leisure guests book and pay further in advance, resulting in lower cancellation rates and incremental sales of upgrades, premium services and amenities not included in the all-inclusive package pricing. 
 
 We have strategic relationships with Hyatt, Hilton and Wyndham, three of the preeminent globally recognized hotel brands. We believe that partnering with Hyatt, Hilton and Wyndham in the development and management of all-inclusive resorts throughout the Caribbean, Mexico and Latin America provides us with unique advantages, including the following: 
 Access to worldwide reservation systems, global marketing scale, and approximately 287 million combined hotel loyalty members to drive revenue growth; 
 Higher propensity for guests to book direct, which results in significantly improved returns over bookings from wholesale channels such as tour operators, travel agents and online travel agencies; 
 Lower customer acquisition costs and higher net Average Daily Rates (ADRs); 
 Higher net asset value for branded resorts affiliated with global franchisors; 
 Brand partners are also focused on maximizing returns; 
 Immediate customer recognition for new or converted resorts; 
 Significant incremental opportunity with exposure to new consumers, who may not be familiar with the all-inclusive model; 
 Access to guests from different regions globally, creating a better segmentation mix, reducing the risk from an owner s perspective; 
 Stronger marketing and public relations presence through affiliate global hospitality brands; 
 Ability to leverage best practices across the platforms; 
 Reduced price sensitivity that encourages purchase decisions, resulting in higher revenues; 
 Higher occupancy rates and higher levels of group business; 
 Lower failure rates compared to non-branded resorts; and 
 Consumer confidence and trust in globally recognized brands. 
 6 

Table of Contents 

 Other resorts in our portfolio are branded under Marriott, Jewel, and Seadust brands. 
 
 We consider each of our resorts to be an operating segment, none of which meets the threshold for a reportable segment. For further discussion about our operating segments and financial information about the geographic regions in which we operate, please see Segment Results in Part II, Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations an d Note 18 to the accompanying Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 Our Competitive Strengths 
 
 We believe the following competitive strengths distinguish us from other owners, operators, developers and acquirers of all-inclusive resorts: 
 
 Premier Collection of All-Inclusive Resorts in Highly Desirable Locations. We believe that our portfolio represents a premier collection of all-inclusive resorts. Our award-winning resorts are located in prime beachfront locations in popular vacation destinations, including Canc n, Playa del Carmen, Puerto Vallarta and Los Cabos in Mexico, Punta Cana and La Romana in the Dominican Republic and Montego Bay in Jamaica. Guests may conveniently access our resorts from a number of North American and other international gateway markets. 
 Diversified Portfolio of All-Inclusive Resorts. We currently operate resorts located in four main geographic markets and feature a range of price points, which we believe diversifies our offering, helps foster loyalty among our guests and drives repeat business. We operate resorts under nine distinct brands. Having multiple brands to offer owners and developers is essential to our ability to secure management agreements and attractive acquisitions since having a portfolio of brands mitigates the risks of brand-on-brand supply growth and subsequent cannibalization and expands our addressable market. 
 Exclusive Focus on the All-Inclusive Model. We believe the all-inclusive resort model is increasing in popularity as more people come to appreciate the benefits of a high-quality vacation experience that offers value, ease of planning and a high degree of cost certainty. Because our guests have pre-purchased their vacation packages, we also have the opportunity to earn incremental revenue if our guests purchase upgrades, premium services and amenities that are not included in the all-inclusive package. 
 Strong Relationships with Top Brands. Our partnerships with Hyatt, Hilton and Wyndham, three globally recognized hospitality brands, differentiate our resorts from our competitors. The selection of Playa as a strategic partner of Hyatt, Hilton and Wyndham in the development and management of all-inclusive resorts throughout the Caribbean, Mexico and Latin America reflects their confidence and conviction in Playa s best in-class stewardship of all-inclusive resorts. For the year ended December 31, 2022, 724.5 million, or 87.7 , of our Total Net Revenue (as defined in Part II, Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations was generated from resorts under the Hyatt, Hilton and Wyndham brands. 
 Hyatt Strategic Relationship. Our strategic re lationship with Hyatt provides us with a range of benefits, including the right t o operate certain of our existing resorts under the Hyatt Ziva and Hyatt Zilara brands (the Hyatt All-Inclusive Resort Brands in certain countries. In 2021, we amended our franchise agreements with Hyatt for our Hyatt Ziva and Hyatt Zilara resorts in Mexico and Jamaica to prohibit Hyatt from opening, owning or authorizing other parties (whether under a license or franchise agreement from Hyatt or otherwise) to open or operate Hyatt Ziva and Hyatt Zilara resorts in certain agreed upon geographical areas in proximity to our Hyatt Ziva and Hyatt Zilara resorts for a five-year period. 
 The Hyatt Ziva brand is marketed as an all-inclusive resort brand for all-ages and the Hyatt Zilara brand is marketed as an all-inclusive resort brand for adults. The Hyatt All-Inclusive Resort Brands benefit from Hyatt s low cost and high margin distribution channels, such as Hyatt guests using the World of Hyatt guest loyalty program (which had approximately 36 million members as of December 31, 2022), Hyatt s reservation system, Hyatt s mobile application and website and Hyatt s extensive group sales business. We believe that our strategic relationship with Hyatt and the increasing awareness of our all-inclusive resort brands among potential guests will enable us to increase the number of bookings made through lower cost sales channels, such as direct bookings through Hyatt as well as our Company and resort websites. 
 Hilton Strategic Alliance. Our strategic alliance with Hilton allows us to expand into markets in the Caribbean, Mexico, and South and Central America while benefiting from Hilton s global portfolio of brands and approximately 152 million Hilton Honors members as of December 31, 2022 . We have successfully converted two of our resorts into three Hilton all-inclusive resorts, and under our agreement with Hilton we have the potential to convert, develop or manage up to an additional eight resorts in certain locations in the Caribbean, Mexico, and South 
 7 

Table of Contents 

 and Central America by 2025 . 
 Wyndham Strategic Alliance. Our strategic alliance with Wyndham allows us to benefit from Wyndham s global portfolio of brands and approximately 99 million loyalty members as of December 31, 2022 and provides us with an exclusive right to own or operate Wyndham Alltra all-inclusive resorts for a five year period through December 2026 in Mexico, Jamaica, the Dominican Republic and certain other Caribbean and Latin American destinations (collectively, the Exclusive Territories ), subject to certain termination rights by Wyndham that are triggered on December 1, 2024. We have the right to extend our exclusivity right subject to achieving certain development milestones . Our strategic alliance also grants us a right of first offer to manage Wyndham Alltra all-inclusive resorts located outside of the Exclusive Territories during the initial exclusivity period and any extension. We have successfully converted two of our resorts in Mexico into Wyndham Alltra all-inclusive resorts and also began managing a Wyndham Alltra all-inclusive resort. 
 
 Proprietary Direct Booking Capabilities. To further support the direct booking benefits of partnering with globally recognized brands, we have invested in our own in-house direct booking platform to optimize our customer acquisition costs and build guest loyalty. These investments allowed our resorts to recover faster from the COVID-19 pandemic given the slower pace of recovery in wholesale/third-party channels. For the year ended December 31, 2022, 116.3 million, or 14.2 of our O wned Net Revenue (as defined in Part II, Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations was generated through playaresorts.com, compared to 16.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2018. We continue to invest in this effort to improve our selling capabilities and adapt to consumer demand. 
 Integrated and Scalable Operating Platf orm. We believe we have developed a scalable resort management platform designed to improve operating efficiency at the 25 resorts we currently manage. Our platform enables us to integrate additional resorts we may acquire and manage resorts owned by third-parties. For example, between December 2022 and January 2023, we successfully internalized the management of two of our resorts that were previously managed by a third-party. Our platform also enables managers of each of our key functions, including sales, marketing and resort management, to observe, analyze, share and respond to trends throughout our portfolio. As a result, we are able to implement management initiatives on a real-time, portfolio-wide basis. 
 Advantageous Exposure to Leisure Travel . Our beachfront resort portfolio skews our customer mix to be composed of approximately 90 leisure travelers. We believe that this concentration positioned us to recover faster from the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic and market recessions than many of our lodging peers, as historically the leisure segment of the travel market has rebounded faster than the business-oriented segment. 
 Focus on Safety Measures . As we adjusted to a new operating environment during the COVID-19 pandemic, we have experienced the luxury of having expansive footprints, numerous dining outlets, and predominantly outdoor and open designs at the majority of our resorts, which has provided us flexibility to redesign the layout of our resorts with social distancing and safety precautions in mind. Furthermore, we have implemented an enhanced mobile app that incorporates contactless QR codes to augment and facilitate the guest experience at all of our managed properties. We have also incorporated safety practices from our brand partners, government agencies and various health experts to develop our Playa Safe Stay TM operating protocols. We believe that our protocols and the association with globally recognized, responsible brands that consumers know and trust are a competitive advantage. 
 Experienced Leadership with a Proven Track Record. Our senior management team has significant experience in the lodging industry, including operating all-inclusive resorts. 
 Bruce Wardinski, our Chief Executive Officer has over 30 years of experience in the hospitality industry, founded our Predecessor and previously was the Chief Executive Officer of two lodging companies: Barcel Crestline Corporation, an independent hotel owner, lessee and manager; and Crestline Capital Corporation, a New York Stock Exchange NYSE listed hotel owner, lessee and manager. Mr. Wardinski was also the non-executive chairman of the board of directors of Highland Hospitality Corporation, a NYSE-listed owner of upscale full-service, premium limited-service and extended-stay properties. Mr. Wardinski held other leadership roles within the industry including Senior Vice President and Treasurer of Host Marriott Corporation (now Host Hotels and Resorts (NYSE: HST)) and various roles with Marriott International, Inc. As of January 31, 2023, 2.7 of our outstanding ordinary shares were beneficially owned by Mr. Wardinski. 
 Ryan Hymel, our Chief Financial Officer, has over 20 years of experience working within the hospitality sector and is a founding member of our management team, beginning with Playa at its inception in 2006. He previously served as Senior Vice President and Treasurer of Playa and has worked at Barcel Crestline Corporation and 
 8 

Table of Contents 

 Crestline Capital Corporation. 
 Greg Maliassas, our Chief Operating Officer, has over 20 years of experience in the hospitality and lodging industry. Mr. Maliassas previously served as Senior Vice President Operations for the luxury brands of Accor Hotels in Central Eastern Europe, Benelux and Switzerland, overseeing a portfolio of over 45 hotels. 
 Fernando Mulet, our Chief Investment Officer, has over 20 years of experience in the hospitality industry, and is a founding member of our management team, beginning with Playa at its inception in 2006. Mr. Mulet previously served as the Director of International Investments Asset Management with Highland Hospitality Corporation and prior to that worked for Barcel Hotels Resorts. 
 Tracy Colden, our Executive Vice President and General Counsel, has over 30 years of experience in the hospitality and lodging industry. She previously served as Executive Vice President and General Counsel for Highland Hospitality Corporation, and as Executive Vice President and General Counsel of Crestline Capital Corporation. Ms. Colden was also an Assistant General Counsel at Host Marriott Corporation. 
 Our Business and Growth Strategies 
 Our goal is to be the leading owner, operator and developer of all-inclusive beachfront resorts in the markets we serve and to generate attractive risk-adjusted returns above our cost of capital and create value for our shareholders by implementing the following business and growth strategies: 
 Selectively Pursue Strategic Growth Opportunities . The all-inclusive segment of the lodging industry is highly fragmented. We believe that we are well positioned to grow our portfolio through acquisitions and partnerships in the all-inclusive segment of the lodging industry. We believe that our extensive experience in all-inclusive resort operations, direct booking strategy, brand relationships, acquisition, expansion, renovation, repositioning and rebranding, established and scalable management platform and ability to offer Nasdaq-listed ordinary shares to potential resort sellers will make us a preferred asset acquirer. 
 Secure New Management Agreements. We intend to pursue opportunities to capitalize on our scalable and integrated resort management platform and our expertise and experience with managing all-inclusive resorts, by seeking to manage all-inclusive resorts owned by third parties for management fees. During 2022, we entered into three new management agreements to manage all operations, sales and marketing of resorts operating under the Wyndham, Kimpton and Seadust brands. We will also look to make minority investments in high return projects to obtain management agreements. 
 Utilization of New Technologies and Leverage of Big Data. We utilize numerous technologies aimed at improving guest satisfaction and shareholder returns. Our website uses search engine and metasearch optimization tools aimed at driving direct bookings (i.e., bookings through our website or our brand partner websites), which is our lowest cost customer acquisition channel. As a result, we continue to benefit from a significant level of direct business at our Playa-managed resorts . In 2022, direct stays were approximately 38 of total Playa-managed room nights, and direct bookings, including future stays, were approximately 43 of total Playa-managed room nights. 
 We also launched a new end-to-end technology at select resorts which uses sophisticated algorithms to identify in real-time what upgrades, packages and pricing to offer guests. This enables us to provide guests with several options to enhance their experience, while increasing revenue post-booking. Other new technological innovations underway include our recently launched travel agent portal, which facilitates travel agent bookings without the additional commission layer of a tour and travel operator, as well as the continued launch of our new yield management system, which should maximize guest revenues by optimizing both package rates and channel mix. 
 Additionally, by virtue of our partnerships with Hyatt, Hilton, and Wyndham, we have greatly increased our ability to reach millions of guests, further enabling us to drive lower customer acquisition costs, bookings and revenues. 
 Disposition of non-core assets. We continuously monitor, review and optimize our portfolio to align with our strategic vision and maximize our return on invested capital. As part of this ongoing process, we may sell assets that no longer fit our criteria for capital investment. For example, in February 2021 , we completed the sale of the Dreams Puerto Aventuras and in June 2021, we completed the sale of the Capri Resort . We used proceeds from these to pay down existing debt and reinvest in projects within our existing portfolio. We may use proceeds from future asset sales for these purposes and also to pursue new growth opportunities. 
 9 

Table of Contents 

 Distribution Channels and Sales and Reservations 
 
 Our experienced sales and marketing team uses a strategic sales and marketing program across a variety of distribution channels through which our all-inclusive offerings are sold. Key components of this sales and marketing program include: 
 
 Developing programs aimed at reaching consumers through: 
 
 Our company and resort websites; 
 
 The Hyatt website and toll-free reservation system; 
 
 The World of Hyatt guest loyalty program; 
 
 The Hilton website and toll-free reservation system; 
 
 The Hilton Honors guest loyalty program; 
 The Wyndham website and toll-free reservation system; 
 The Wyndham Rewards guest loyalty program; and 
 Our toll-free reservation system that provides a comprehensive view of inventory in real time, based on demand; 
 
 Targeting the primary tour operators and the wholesale market for transient business with a scalable program that supports shoulder and lower-rate seasons while seeking to maximize revenue during high season, which also includes: 
 
 Engaging in cooperative marketing programs with leading travel industry participants; 
 
 Participating in travel agent tour operator promotional campaigns; and 
 
 Utilizing online travel leaders, such as Expedia and Booking.com, to supplement sales during shoulder and lower-rate seasons; 
 
 Targeting group and incentive markets to seek and grow a strong base of corporate and event business; 
 
 Developing customer loyalty and increasing repeat business through The Playa Collection, a third-party owned and operated long-term membership program that provides exclusive on-property benefits and amenities and significant preferred discounts to its members; 
 
 Highlighting destination wedding and honeymoon programs; 
 
 Participating in key industry trade shows targeted to the travel agent and wholesale market; 
 
 Engaging in online and social media, including: 
 
 Search engine optimization; 
 
 Targeted online and bounce-back advertising; 
 
 Social media presence via channels such as Facebook, Twitter, Instagram and Pinterest; and 
 
 Flash sales and special offers for high need periods; and 
 
 Monitoring and managing TripAdvisor and other similar consumer sites. 
 
 We also seek luxury transient business to provide high rate business during peak seasons, such as winter and spring holidays, while bargain hunters can be targeted for last minute high need periods. This multi-pronged strategy is designed to increase Net Package RevPAR (as defined in Part II, Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations as well as optimize occupancy through all of the resorts seasons. 
 
 10 

Table of Contents 

 Corporate Responsibility and Sustainability 
 Our ESG Committee, which includes our Chief Operating Officer, General Counsel, Chief People Officer and Senior Vice President, Investor Relations Strategy, is overseen by the Nominating and Governance Committee of our Board, is an organization-wide task force with representation from multiple areas of the Company dedicated to obtaining a broader reach for idea generation and effectively promoting best practices and cross-collaboration related to corporate social responsibility and sustainability. Our ESG Committee oversees Playa s commitment to incorporating environmental sustainability, social responsibility and governance into our daily operations at all levels with an emphasis on reducing our environmental impact, mitigating risks, improving our communities and driving value for all our stakeholders. The ESG Committee reports directly to the Nominating and Governance Committee regarding Playa s activities over corporate social responsibility and sustainability matters and the external reporting thereof (including matters relating to diversity and inclusion). The Nominating and Governance Committee regularly updates the Board on the activities of the ESG Committee. The ESG Committee also updates the Board on its activities directly at least annually. 
 Our Board and our ESG Committee are focused on cultivating an energetic, engaged and passionate culture that helps each of our employees achieve their own personal goals. Playa supports employees through learning, development and advancement opportunities, offering a competitive benefits package and spending time discussing performance and goals of each employee and how Playa can support them in their future. Playa employees understand and take advantage of our Open-Door Policy to communicate suggestions and concerns to Playa s leadership team. We believe that every individual has a voice that adds value to our organization. By listening to our employees, we learn how to constantly improve and make changes to continuously enhance our working environment. 
 Environmental 
 We rely on the beautiful beaches and lush landscapes of our resort destinations to provide a backdrop for our signature service for our guests, and take responsibility to lead the way in our communities in order to sustain these natural environments and help them flourish. We are subject to the adverse consequences of climate change, such as increases in the frequency, duration and severity of extreme weather events and changes in precipitation and temperature. Our environmental sustainability program, Playa Green, aims to decrease water and energy consumption, reduce waste, and encourage employees to build and protect our shared communities. 
 Creating a culture of environmental consciousness with dedicated, focused leadership is of the utmost importance to progressing forward towards Playa s sustainability objectives. We provide engaging training materials regarding environmental awareness and support our sustainability program with regular performance reviews and sharing of best practices among resort managers. 
 We seek certifications and alignment with leading verification firms and practices to further enhance our efforts to reduce our carbon footprint and preserve the natural environments in which we operate. As such, 14 of our resorts are currently Green Globe certified, with five more engaged in the certification process. We use third party energy audits at most of our resorts to monitor our practices and identify areas for improvement and investment. Additionally, we have a designated member of property management (who we refer to as a Green Leader responsible for sustainability performance at each resort. 
 Social 
 Our associates and communities form the center of our Company. We strive to foster a culture of inclusive growth and provide a respectful and professional workplace to empower all our associates to express what is important to them and to their communities. 
 We strongly believe that caring for our people is the first step in giving back to our communities. For this reason, we place a large emphasis on employee training and benefits to nurture a compassionate and productive workplace environment. Our comprehensive benefits package helps us attract and retain top talent. Furthermore, we provide ongoing training on safety, antibribery, harassment and discrimination to further nurture the workplace environment. Additionally, we proactively use survey tools and regular performance reviews to engage with our associates and help them achieve their goals and to improve the workplace. Our leadership and associates work closely to create professional development opportunities to foster internal growth and promotions throughout the organization. 
 Outside of the workplace, we do all we can to enrich our communities by partnering with local organizations, volunteering and creating opportunities like internship programs and youth career initiatives. One example of how we care for the communities in which our employees work and live includes the sponsorship of a local school in Jamaica to provide necessities, school supplies and computers, construct and improve facilities, and promote self-sustainability. We also contribute through wetlands restoration, constructing homes for employees, assisting local food banks, and supporting children in group homes and people with disabilities. 
 Although we are international in scope, each community has its own unique needs, characteristics and people. We take pride in our positive impact and investments we make in our local communities, including in times of disaster and giving our employees the creative freedom to guide our resources and attention. 
 11 

Table of Contents 

 Human Capital Resources 
 
 Each and every one of our employees plays an integral role in delivering Service From the Heart to our guests and separating us from our competition. We take care and motivate our employees and in turn they take care of our guests with love is the Company s official philosophy. We stand behind this statement of taking care of our employees and continuously make their health and well-being our top priority. 
 
 All Playa employees undergo a comprehensive orientation and training. We offer continuous learning and development with courses on Playa s culture, vision and philosophy, guest satisfaction, performance management for leadership, mentoring and coaching, stress management, emotional intelligence, effective interviewing and talent development, high impact teams, conflict resolution and quality management. For example, one growth and development opportunity for our high-potential employees is a talent program. Specific individuals are prepared for future leadership positions within the organization through hands-on training, mentorship and education. All of our resort leadership teams participate in our talent program in order to allow identified employees to be promoted at their resort, at another resort within the country, or be relocated within the Playa organization. This program allows Playa to acquire the best talent, retain and motivate its employees, and succession plan. 
 
 We place a tremendous emphasis on health and wellness. Throughout the year, employees participate in educational health seminars, special events such as Breast Cancer Awareness Month and wellness programs both in-person and online, depending on the employee s location. An emphasis is placed on preventative healthcare with special efforts including a mammogram truck for screenings and onsite flu shot distribution. Further, our corporate employees are recognized for preventative health screenings, reading health-related articles and participating in educational wellness-related challenges that include eating a nutritionally balanced diet and increasing physical activity. 
 
 We have advanced health and safety measures in place and have standards and procedures to keep employees at all levels of the Company as safe as possible. All resort staff is provided with proper personal protective equipment according to their tasks and hygiene conditions. Onsite medical consultants are conveniently available for resort employees at no extra cost. Additionally, health insurance is offered to all employees in each of our locations, for both permanent and contract positions. Employees that are not needed onsite, including corporate employees, have the opportunity to work remotely with technical support and resources provided as needed. 
 
 We established the Ernesto Oliver Lopez Memorial Fund in honor of a Playa employee who fell victim to COVID-19. During 2022, this fund continued to actively accept donations from employees and community members which directly benefit Playa employees in need of emergency financial aid, whether that be providing food and necessities for their family, providing housing assistance as a result of natural disasters, or paying health-related expenses. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we directly and indirectly employed approximately 14,100 employees worldwide, significantly all of which are located at our resorts and regional offices in Jamaica (2,900), Mexico (6,600), and the Dominican Republic (4,500). We employed approximately 120 employees at our corporate offices in the U.S. and Canada. 
 AMResorts Management Agreements 
 
 Two of our resorts, Jewel Punta Cana (formerly Dreams Punta Cana) and Jewel Palm Beach (formerly Dreams Palm Beach), were previously operated by AMResorts pursuant to management agreements that contained customary terms and conditions, including those related to fees, termination conditions, capital expenditures, transfers of control of parties or transfers of ownership to competitors, sales of the resorts and non-competition and non-solicitation. We paid AMResorts and its affiliates, as operators of these resorts, base management fees and incentive management fees. In addition, we reimbursed the operators for some of the costs they incur in the provision of certain centralized services. We could consider selling one or more of these resorts if the opportunity arises and redeploy the proceeds from any such sales, subject to certain restrictions under our 2022 Senior Secured Credit Facility (as defined below). 
 
 The management agreement for the Jewel Punta Cana expired on December 20, 2022 and the management agreement for the Jewel Palm Beach was scheduled to expire in February 2025, subject to our right to terminate the management agreement without the payment of a termination fee on or after December 31, 2022 by giving at least 90 days prior notice. In August 2022, we provided AMResorts with notice of our intention to terminate the management agreement for the Dreams Palm Beach, which was effective on January 6, 2023. We assumed management of the Jewel Punta Cana and Jewel Palm Beach resorts on December 20, 2022 and January 6, 2023, respectively, and now manage all of our resorts. 
 
 12 

Table of Contents 

 Competition 
 
 We face intense competition for guests from other participants in the all-inclusive segment of the lodging industry and, to a lesser extent, from traditional hotels and resorts that are not all-inclusive. The all-inclusive segment remains a relatively small part of the broadly defined global vacation market that has historically been dominated by hotels and resorts that are not all-inclusive. Our principal competitors include other operators of all-inclusive resorts and resort companies, such as Barcel Hotels Resorts, RIU Hotels Resorts, IBEROSTAR Hotels Resorts, Karisma Hotels Resorts, AMResorts (an affiliate of Hyatt), Meli Hotels International, Excellence Resorts, RCD Hotels (Hard Rock Hotels Resorts), Blue Diamond Resorts and Palace Resorts, as well as some smaller, independent and local owners and operators. 
 
 We compete for guests based primarily on brand name recognition and reputation, location, guest satisfaction, room rates, quality of service, amenities and quality of accommodations. We also compete for guests based on the ability of hotel loyalty program members to earn and redeem loyalty program points at our Hyatt, Hilton and Wyndham all-inclusive resorts. We believe that our relationships with Hyatt, Hilton and Wyndham, three globally recognized hotel brand leaders, provide us with a significant competitive advantage. 
 
 Additionally, we compete with other U.S. and European global hospitality brands, such as Hyatt , that have recently entered the all-inclusive segment as a result of increased demand for all-inclusive resort stays. We primarily compete with these global hospitality brands for third-party management contracts. 
 
 Seasonality 
 
 The seasonality of the lodging industry and the location of our resorts in Mexico, Jamaica and the Dominican Republic generally result in the greatest demand for our resorts between mid-December and April of each year, yielding higher occupancy levels and package rates during this period of colder weather in the northern hemisphere. This seasonality in demand has resulted in predictable fluctuations in revenue, results of operations, and liquidity, which are consistently higher during the first quarter of each year than in successive quarters. 
 
 We did experience an exception to this trend in 2021, when Net Package ADR was progressively stronger as 2021 progressed due to the recovery in occupancy resulting from the easing of COVID-19 impacts. We have seen a return to our historical seasonality trends during 2022. 
 
 Cyclicality 
 
 The lodging industry is highly cyclical in nature. Fluctuations in operating performance are caused largely by general economic and local market conditions, which subsequently affect levels of business and leisure travel. In addition to general economic conditions, new hotel and resort room supply is an important factor that can affect the lodging industry s performance, and over-building has the potential to further exacerbate the negative impact of an economic recession. Room rates and Occupancy, and thus Net Package RevPAR (as defined in Part II, Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations , tend to increase when demand growth exceeds supply growth. A decline in lodging demand, or increase in lodging supply, could result in returns that are substantially below expectations, or result in losses, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations. Further, many of the costs of running a resort are fixed rather than variable. As a result, in an environment of declining revenues the rate of decline in earnings is likely to be higher than the rate of decline in revenues. 
 
 Intellectual Property 
 
 We own or have rights to use the trademarks, service marks or trade names that we use or will use in conjunction with the operation of our business, including certain of Hyatt s, Hilton s and Wyndham s intellectual property under their respective strategic alliance and franchise agreements. In the highly competitive lodging industry in which we operate, trademarks, service marks, trade names and logos are very important to the success of our business. 
 
 Insurance 
 
 Our resorts carry what we believe are appropriate levels of insurance coverage for a business operating in the lodging industry in Mexico, the Dominican Republic and Jamaica. This insurance includes coverage for general liability, property, workers compensation and other risks with respect to our business and business interruption coverage. 
 
 13 

Table of Contents 

 This general liability insurance provides coverage for any claim, including terrorism and hurricane damage, resulting from our operations, goods and services and vehicles. We believe these insurance policies are adequate for foreseeable losses and on terms and conditions that are reasonable and customary with solvent insurance carriers. 
 
 Government Regulation 
 
 We have operations and are subject to the laws of the United States and multiple foreign jurisdictions and the rules and regulations of various governing bodies, which may differ among jurisdictions. Compliance with these laws, rules and regulation has not had, and is not expected to have, a material effect on our capital expenditures, results of operations and competitive position as compared to prior periods. 
 
 See Item 1A. Risk Factors for further information regarding the potential impact of government regulations, including the following risk factors: 
 We may become subject to disputes or legal, regulatory or other proceedings that could involve significant expenditures by us, which could have a material adverse effect on us. 
 We could be exposed to liabilities under the FCPA and other anti-corruption laws and regulations, including non-U.S. laws, any of which could have a material adverse impact on us. 
 We could incur significant costs related to government regulation and litigation with respect to environmental matters, which could have a material adverse effect on us. 
 The tax laws, rules and regulations (or interpretations thereof) in the jurisdictions in which we operate may change, which could have a material adverse effect on us. and 
 Increases in property taxes would increase our operating costs, which could have a material adverse effect on us. 
 
 Previously Disclosed Information 
 
 For additional information about our business, including information about our relationships and agreements with Hyatt and Hilton, please refer to Part I, Item 1. Business in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2019 . 
 
 Corporate Information 
 
 Playa Hotels Resorts N.V. was organized as a public limited company (naamloze vennootschap) under the laws of the Netherlands in December 2016. Our registered office in the Netherlands is located at Nieuwezijds Voorburgwal 104, 1012 SG Amsterdam. Our telephone number at that address is +31 6 82 55 84 30. We maintain a website at www.playaresorts.com, which includes additional contact information. All reports that we have filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC including this Annual Report on Form 10-K and our current reports on Form 8-K, can be obtained free of charge from the SEC s website at www.sec.gov or through our website. 
 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors. 
 Risk Factors 
 The following discussion summarizes material factors that could make an investment in us speculative or risky and should be considered carefully. These risks are interrelated and you should treat them as a whole. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us may also materially and adversely affect our business operations, the value of our ordinary shares and our ability to pay dividends to our shareholders. In connection with the forward-looking statements that appear in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, in these risk factors and elsewhere, you should carefully review the section entitled Forward-Looking Statements. 
 The COVID-19 pandemic has had, and may continue to have, a significant material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 
 
 The effects of the coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic on the lodging industry have been, and may continue to be, unprecedented with global demand for lodging drastically reduced and occupancy levels reaching historic lows. We have generally seen a return to normalized occupancies and pre-COVID-19 trends across our resorts during 2022. However, the extent to which the COVID-19 pandemic could continue to impact us and consumer behavior will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted with confidence, including the scope, severity and duration of the pandemic, continuing resurgences of the virus and its variants, the government actions taken to contain the pandemic or mitigate its impact, and the continuing effectiveness and uptake of vaccines and treatment therapies. 
 
 Additionally, the effects of the pandemic have had, and may continue to have, a material adverse effect on our ability to consummate acquisitions and dispositions of resorts and our ability to timely complete planned capital expenditures and other projects. 
 14 

Table of Contents 

 In addition, our business could be materially and adversely affected by the effect of, or the public perception or a risk of, other pandemic diseases. For example, the outbreaks of severe acute respiratory syndrome SARS and avian flu in 2003 and H1N1 flu in 2009 had a severe impact on the travel industry. Cases of the Zika virus have been reported in regions in which our resorts are located. Additionally, the public perception of a risk of another pandemic or media coverage of these diseases, or public perception of health risks linked to perceived regional food and beverage safety, particularly if focused on regions in which our resorts are located, may adversely affect us by reducing demand for our resorts or result in health or other government authorities imposing restrictions on travel. 
 General economic uncertainty and weak demand in the lodging industry could have a material adverse effect on us. 
 Our business strategy depends significantly on demand for vacations generally and, more specifically, on demand for all-inclusive vacation packages. Actual or anticipated weak macroeconomic conditions in North America, especially the United States and Mexico, Europe and Asia, such as high levels of unemployment and underemployment, inflation, wage stagnation or economic recession could reduce the level of discretionary income or consumer confidence in the countries from which we source our guests and have a negative impact on the lodging industry. We cannot provide any assurances that demand for all-inclusive vacation packages will remain consistent with or increase from current levels. Furthermore, our business is focused primarily on, and our acquisition strategy targets the acquisition of resorts in, the all-inclusive segment of the lodging industry (and properties that we believe can be converted into all-inclusive resorts in a manner consistent with our business strategy). This concentration exposes us to the risk of economic downturns in the lodging industry broadly and, more specifically, in the leisure dominated all-inclusive segment of the lodging industry. As a result of the foregoing, we could experience a prolonged period of decreased demand and price discounting in our markets, which would negatively affect our revenues and could have a material adverse effect on us, including our business, financial condition, liquidity, results of operations and prospects. 
 Recent significant increases in inflation and interest rates could adversely impact us and our customers. 
 Inflation increased significantly in 2022 and continues to remain at elevated levels compared to recent years. The efforts of the U.S. Federal Reserve and other central banks to combat inflation have led to significantly increased interest rates. These increases have resulted in increasing operating costs and borrowing costs. In addition, the degree and pace of these changes may result in adverse macroeconomic effects that could reduce our customer s leisure travel budgets and corresponding demand for our resorts. 
 We are exposed to significant risks related to the geographic concentration of our resorts, including weather-related emergencies, natural disasters, and instability in government and public safety. 
 Our resorts are concentrated in Mexico (which accounted for 49.4 of our Total Net Revenue as defined in Part II, Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations ), Jamaica (21.8 of our Total Net Revenue) and the Dominican Republic (28.0 of our Total Net Revenue) for the year ended December 31, 2022. When the countries and/or the regions of these countries in which our resorts are concentrated are adversely impacted by government or economic instability, public-safety issues, such as crime or power outages, weather-related emergencies, such as hurricanes or floods, or natural disasters, such as earthquakes, a number of our resorts could be adversely impacted by the same event, which could have a material adverse effect on us, including our business, financial condition, liquidity, results of operations and prospects. We cannot assure you that any property or business interruption insurance will adequately address all losses, liabilities and damages. 
 Terrorist acts, armed conflict, civil unrest, criminal activity and threats thereof, and other international events impacting the security of travel or the perception of security of travel could adversely affect the demand for travel generally and demand for vacation packages at our resorts. 
 Past acts of terrorism and violent crime have had an adverse effect on tourism, travel and the availability of air service and other forms of transportation. The threat or possibility of future terrorist acts, an outbreak, escalation and/or continuation of hostilities or armed conflict abroad, such as the war between Russia and Ukraine, criminal violence, civil unrest or the possibility thereof, the issuance of travel advisories by sovereign governments, and other geopolitical uncertainties have had and may have an adverse impact on the demand for vacation packages and consequently the pricing for vacation packages. Decreases in demand and reduced pricing in response to such decreased demand would adversely affect our business by reducing our profitability. 
 Thirteen of the 25 resorts in our portfolio are located in Mexico, and Mexico has experienced criminal violence for years, primarily due to the activities of drug cartels and related organized crime. There have occasionally been instances of criminal violence near our resorts. Criminal activities and the possible escalation of violence or other safety concerns, including food and beverage safety concerns, associated with them in regions where our resorts are located, or an increase in the perception among our prospective guests of an escalation of such violence or safety concerns, could instill and perpetuate fear among prospective guests and may lead to a loss in business at our resorts in Mexico because these guests may choose to vacation elsewhere or not at all. In addition, increases in violence, crime or civil unrest or other safety concerns in the Dominican Republic, Jamaica, or any other location where we may own 
 15 

Table of Contents 

 a resort in the future may also lead to decreased demand for our resorts and negatively affect our business, financial condition, liquidity, results of operations and prospects. 
 Our success depends in large part on the success of our third-party brand partners. 
 
 Eighteen of the resorts in our portfolio bear the name of one or both of the Hyatt All-Inclusive Resort Brands, the Hilton all-inclusive resort brand (the Hilton Brand and the Wyndham all-inclusive resort brand (the Wyndham Brand ). As a result of this concentration, our success will depend, in part, on the continued success of these brands. We believe that building brand value is critical to increase demand and build guest loyalty. Consequently, if market recognition or the positive perception of any of the Hyatt All-Inclusive Resort Brands, Hilton Brand or Wyndham Brand is reduced or compromised, the goodwill associated with these resorts in our portfolio would likely be adversely affected. Under the applicable resort agreements with these partners, Hyatt, Hilton and Wyndham provide (or cause to be provided) various marketing services to the relevant resorts, and we may conduct local and regional marketing, advertising and promotional programs, subject to compliance with their requirements. We cannot assure you that we and our applicable partners will be successful in our marketing efforts to grow any of these brands. 
 
 If we are not able to satisfy the requirements imposed by our third-party brand partners, our relationship with these partners could deteriorate, which could have a material adverse effect on us. 
 
 Under the terms of our franchise agreements with Hyatt, Hilton and Wyndham, we are required to meet specified operating standards and other terms and conditions. We expect that these brands will periodically inspect our resorts that carry the Hyatt All- Inclusive Resort Brand, Hilton Brand and Wyndham Brand, as applicable. If we fail to maintain brand standards at one or more of these resorts, or otherwise fail to comply with the terms and conditions of the applicable franchise agreements, then the applicable franchise agreements (and in some cases all franchise agreements related to the particular brand) could be terminated. In that situation, we may be subject to liquidated damage payments. If one or more of these franchise agreements is terminated, the underlying value and performance of our related resort(s) could decline significantly from the loss of associated name recognition, participation in applicable guest loyalty programs, reservation systems and websites, and access to group sales business, as well as from the costs of rebranding such resorts. 
 
 There are very few restrictions on the ability of our third-party brand partners, including Hyatt, to compete with us. 
 
 Our strategic relationship with our brand partners, including Hyatt, is an important component of our business and brand strategy. However, there are very few restrictions preventing our brand partners from competing with us. For example, except for the Hyatt franchise agreements, we have no contractual right to operate any resort in our current or future portfolio under the Hyatt All-Inclusive Resort Brands or any other Hyatt-sponsored brands. Hyatt, in its sole discretion, may designate other third parties as authorized operators of resorts or Hyatt may decide to directly operate resorts under the Hyatt All-Inclusive Resort Brands or any other Hyatt brand, whether owned by third parties or Hyatt itself. Hyatt is also free to develop or license other all-inclusive resorts in the regions in which we operate, even under the Hyatt All-Inclusive Resort Brands (subject to certain territorial restrictions included in the Hyatt franchise agreements). Therefore, Hyatt may decide to compete against our resorts for market share and guests, and we have no contractual right to partner with Hyatt on opportunities for future resorts. 
 
 In addition, Hyatt recently acquired Apple Leisure Group ALG ), a luxury resort-management services, travel and hospitality group that manages all-inclusive resorts in many of the regions in which we operate. With ALG s brand management platform AMResorts, Hyatt may therefore compete against us for contracts to manage all-inclusive resorts in t he Caribbean, Mexico and Latin America , and its financial and marketing resources, brand name recognition and terms of its management agreements may cause us to miss out on attractive business opportunities and adversely affect our revenues, growth strategy and profits. 
 
 Under our Strategic Alliance Agreement with Hilton, we have a right of first offer to franchise or manage a new Hilton all- inclusive resort under the Hilton all-inclusive resort brand (the Hilton Brand within certain countries located in the Caribbean and Mexico, and certain countries in Central and South America (the Target Markets through August 7, 2023. However, except for the Hilton franchise agreements, we have no contractual right to operate any resort in our current or future portfolio under the Hilton Brand or any other Hilton-sponsored brands. In addition, in the future, Hilton, in its sole discretion and subject to its obligations under the Hilton Strategic Alliance Agreement in the Target Markets, may (i) designate other third parties as authorized operators of resorts, or Hilton may decide to directly operate resorts, under the Hilton Brand or any other Hilton-sponsored brand, whether owned by third parties or Hilton itself and (ii) may develop or license other all- inclusive resorts in the Target Markets, even under the Hilton Brand. Additionally, outside of the Target Markets, Hilton is free to develop or license other all-inclusive resorts under the Hilton Brand and other Hilton-sponsored brands at any time. 
 
 If our brand partners compete with us and our resorts, it could have a material adverse effect on us, including our business, financial condition, liquidity, results of operations and prospects and the market price of our ordinary shares, and could divert the attention of our senior management from other important activities. 
 16 

Table of Contents 

There is increased competition from global hospitality branded companies in the all-inclusive market segment. 
 As demand for all-inclusive stays has increased, we have seen U.S. and European global hospitality branded companies enter the all-inclusive market segment. Increased competition from global branded hospitality companies may result in reduced market share and lower returns on investment for us as the increasing interest of global hospitality brands in the all-inclusive segment attracts more institutional capital to our target markets, increasing competition for the acquisition of hospitality assets. The entrance by global branded hospitality companies into the all-inclusive market segment may impact our ability to secure third-party management agreements as global hospitality branded companies are able to offer management agreements bundled with their branding services and a lower fee structure, resulting in increased competition for the management of all-inclusive resorts. 
 
 We have significant exposure to currency exchange rate risk. 
 The majority of our operating expenses are incurred locally at our resorts and are denominated in Mexican Pesos, Dominican Pesos or Jamaican dollars. The net proceeds from our outstanding debt borrowings were received and are payable by our subsidiaries in U.S. dollars and our functional reporting currency is U.S. dollars. An increase in the relative value of the local currencies, in which we incur our costs at each resort, relative to the U.S. dollar, in which our revenue from each resort is denominated, would adversely affect our results of operations for those resorts. Our current policy is not to hedge against changes in foreign exchange rates and we therefore may be adversely affected by appreciation in the value of other currencies against the U.S. dollar, or to prolonged periods of exchange rate volatility. These fluctuations may negatively impact our financial condition, liquidity and results of operations to the extent we are unable to adjust our pricing accordingly. 
 
 Additionally, in the event that the U.S. dollar increases in value relative to the currency of the prospective guests living outside the United States, our prospective guests may have a reduced ability to pay for travel to our resorts and this may lead to lower Occupancy rates and revenue, which could have a material adverse effect on us, including our financial results. An increase in the value of the Mexican Peso, the Dominican Peso or the Jamaican dollar compared to the currencies of other potential destinations may disadvantage the tourism industry in Mexico, the Dominican Republic or Jamaica, respectively, and result in a corresponding decrease in the Occupancy rates and revenue of our resorts as consumers may choose destinations in countries with more attractive exchange rates. In the event that this appreciation occurs, it could lead to an increase in the rates we charge for rooms in our resorts, which could result in a decrease in Occupancy rates and revenue and, therefore, negatively impact our business, financial condition, liquidity, results of operations and prospects. 
 Furthermore, appreciation of local currencies relative to the U.S. dollar could make fulfillment of our and our subsidiaries U.S. dollar denominated obligations, including our subsidiaries' debt service payments, more challenging and could have a material adverse effect on us, including our business, financial condition, liquidity, results of operations and prospects. 
 
 Our resort development, acquisition, expansion, repositioning and rebranding projects will be subject to timing, budgeting and other risks, which could have a material adverse effect on us. 
 We may develop, acquire, expand, reposition or rebrand resorts (such as the two resorts we have rebranded under the Wyndham Alltra all-inclusive brand) from time to time as suitable opportunities arise, taking into consideration general economic conditions. To the extent that we determine to develop, acquire, expand, reposition or rebrand resorts, we could be subject to risks associated with, among others: 
 construction delays or cost overruns that may increase project costs; 
 receipt of zoning, occupancy and other required governmental permits and authorizations; 
 strikes or other labor issues; 
 development costs incurred for projects that are not pursued to completion; 
 investment of substantial capital without, in the case of developed or repositioned resorts, immediate corresponding income; 
 results that may not achieve our desired revenue or profit goals; 
 acts of nature such as earthquakes, hurricanes, floods or fires that could adversely impact a resort; 
 ability to raise capital, including construction or acquisition financing; and 
 governmental restrictions on the nature or size of a project. 
 We have seen certain construction timelines lengthen due to competition for skilled construction labor, disruption in the supply chain for materials, and the impact of COVID-19 generally, and these circumstances could continue or worsen in the future. As a 
 17 

Table of Contents 

 result of the foregoing, we cannot assure you that any development, acquisition, expansion, repositioning and rebranding project will be completed on time or within budget or if the ultimate rates of investment return are below the returns forecasted at the time the project was commenced. If we are unable to complete a project on time or within budget, the resort s projected operating results may be adversely affected, which could have a material adverse effect on us, including our business, financial condition, liquidity, results of operations and prospects. 
 Given the beachfront locations of our resorts, we are particularly vulnerable to extreme weather events, such as hurricanes, which may increase in frequency and severity as a result of climate change and adversely affect our business. 
 We have been and may continue to be adversely impacted by the consequences of climate change, such as increases in the frequency, duration and severity of extreme weather events and changes in precipitation and temperature, which have resulted and may continue to result in physical damage or a decrease in demand for our properties, all of which are located in coastal beachfront locations that are vulnerable to significant property damage from hurricanes, tropical storms and flooding. For example, in 2022, 2021 and 2020, we incurred hurricane and tropical storm repair expenses totaling 8.6 million, 0.9 million, and 1.7 million, respectively, that were not offset with insurance proceeds. Although a majority of our repair and clean-up expenses have been covered by insurance, including those related to the impacts of Hurricane Fiona in the Dominican Republic in September 2022, there is no assurance that, given the increasing burdens on insurance companies from extreme weather events, we will be able to continue to obtain adequate insurance against these types of losses, or that our insurers will in the future be in a position to satisfy our claims. In addition, the costs of insurance against these types of events have increased in recent years. For example, in 2022 our property insurance costs of our comparable resorts were 27.9 higher than 2018. 
 In addition, changes in applicable legislation and regulation on climate change could result in increased capital expenditures, such as a result of changes in building codes or requirements to improve the energy efficiency of the properties. In addition, the ongoing transition to non-carbon based energy presents certain risks for us and our target customers, including macroeconomic risks related to high energy costs and energy shortages, among other things. Furthermore, legislative, regulatory or other efforts to combat climate change or other environmental concerns could result in future increases in taxes, restrictions on or increases in the costs of supplies, transportation and utilities, any of which could increase our operating costs, and necessitate future investments in facilities and equipment. 
 Climate change also presents additional risks beyond our control which can adversely impact demand for hospitality products and services, our operations, and our financial results. For example, most of our properties are located at or around sea level, and are therefore vulnerable to rising sea levels and erosion. Climate change-related impacts may also result in a scarcity of resources, such as water and energy, at some or all of the regions in which our results are located. Furthermore, increasing awareness around sustainability, the impact of air travel on climate change and the impact of over-tourism may contribute to a reduction in demand from certain guests visiting our resorts. 
 We also face investor-related climate risks. Investors are increasingly taking into account environmental, social, and governance factors, including climate risks, in determining whether to invest in companies. Our exposure to the risks of climate change may adversely impact investor interest in our securities. These risks also include the increased pressure to make commitments, set targets, or establish goals to take actions to meet them, which could expose us to market, operational, execution and reputational costs or risks. 
 The coastlines of a number of the regions where our resorts are concentrated have experienced elevated levels of sargassum seaweed in recent years. 
 Many of our resorts are beach-front properties that have been exposed to elevated levels of sargassum seaweed. In recent years, the amount of sargassum that has washed up onshore in various geographies in Mexico has increased. If not removed promptly, the seaweed can overrun the beach, making it difficult to swim in the water and generating a foul odor if it is allowed to rot. The heightened level of sargassum in recent years has led to negative media coverage and increased awareness of the potential problem and has required additional operating expenses to remove it. Although we do our best to remove the seaweed and prevent the build-up, the exact cause of overgrowth is unknown. If we are unable to successfully mitigate the impact of the seaweed build-up, there may be a reduction in demand from certain guests for our resorts. 
 Our insurance may not be adequate to cover our potential losses, liabilities and damages, the cost of insurance may continue to increase materially, including as a result of extreme weather events that may be related to climate change, and we may not be able to secure insurance to cover all of our risks, all of which could have a material adverse effect on us. 
 The business of owning and managing resorts is subject to a number of risks, hazards, adverse environmental conditions, labor disputes, changes in the regulatory environment and natural phenomena such as floods, hurricanes, earthquakes and earth movements. Such occurrences could result in damage or impairment to, or destruction of, our resorts, personal injury or death, environmental damage, business interruption, monetary losses and legal liability. 
 18 

Table of Contents 

 While insurance is not commonly available for all these risks, we maintain customary insurance against risks that we believe are typical and reasonably insurable in the lodging industry and in amounts that we believe to be reasonable but that contain limits, deductibles, exclusions and endorsements. However, we may decide not to insure against certain risks because of high premiums compared to the benefit offered by such insurance or for other reasons. In the event that costs or losses exceed our available insurance or additional liability is imposed on us for which we are not insured or are otherwise unable to seek reimbursement, we could be materially and adversely affected, including our financial results. We may not be able to continue to procure adequate insurance coverage at commercially reasonable rates in the future or at all, and some claims may not be paid. There can be no assurance that the coverage and amounts of our insurance will be sufficient for our needs. 
 Labor shortages could restrict our ability to operate our properties or grow our business or result in increased labor costs that could adversely affect our results of operations and cash flows. 
 Our success depends in large part on our ability to attract, retain, train, manage and engage skilled employees. As of December 31, 2022, we directly and indirectly employed approximately 14,100 employees worldwide at both our corporate offices and on-site at our resorts. If we are unable to attract, retain, train, manage, and engage skilled employees, our ability to manage and staff our resorts could be impaired, which could reduce guest satisfaction. Staffing shortages in places where our resorts are located also could hinder our ability to grow and expand our businesses. Because payroll costs are a major component of the operating expenses at our resorts, a shortage of skilled labor could also require higher wages that would increase labor costs, which could adversely affect our results of operations and cash flows. 
 A significant number of our employees are unionized, and if labor negotiations or work stoppages were to disrupt our operations, it could have a material adverse effect on us. 
 Approximately 43 of our full-time equivalent work force is unionized. As a result, we are required to negotiate the wages, salaries, benefits, staffing levels and other terms with many of our employees collectively and we are exposed to the risk of disruptions to our operations. Our results could be adversely affected if future labor negotiations were to disrupt our operations. If we were to experience labor unrest, strikes or other business interruptions in connection with labor negotiations or otherwise, or if we were unable to negotiate labor contracts on reasonable terms, we could be materially and adversely affected, including our results of operations. In addition, our ability to make adjustments to control compensation and benefits costs, rebalance our portfolio or otherwise adapt to changing business needs may be limited by the terms and duration of our collective bargaining agreements. 
 The availability and affordability of commercial airline and tour operator services is important to our business. 
 Many of our guests depend on a combination of scheduled commercial airline services and tour operator services to transport them to airports near our resorts. Increases in the price of airfare, due to increases in fuel prices, reductions in service, or other factors such as inflation, increase the overall vacation cost to our guests and may adversely affect demand for our vacation packages. Changes in commercial airline services or tour operator services as a result of strikes, weather or other events, or the lack of availability due to schedule changes or a high level of airline bookings, could have a material adverse effect on us, including our occupancy rates and revenue and, therefore, our liquidity and results of operations. 
 Our resorts require ongoing and often costly maintenance, renovations and capital improvements. 
 Our resorts have an ongoing need for maintenance, renovations and other capital improvements, including replacements, from time to time, of furniture, fixtures and equipment. In addition, Hyatt, Hilton and Wyndham require periodic capital improvements by us as a condition of maintaining the use of their brands. In addition to liquidity risks, these capital improvements may result in declines in revenues while rooms or restaurants are out of service due to capital improvement projects or other risks. The costs of these capital improvements or any of the above noted factors could have a material adverse effect on us, including our financial condition, liquidity and results of operations. 
 We have substantial debt outstanding that requires significant payments of principal and interest. 
 As of December 31, 2022, our total debt obligations were 1,105.7 million which represents the principal amounts outstanding under our new term loan issued in December 2022 (the 2022 Term Loan and revolving credit facility (the 2022 Revolving Credit Facility, and, collectively with the 2022 Term Loan, the 2022 Senior Secured Credit Facility and finance lease obligations, excluding 32.4 million of issuance discounts and 7.8 million of unamortized debt issuance costs. In addition, the terms of the 2022 Senior Secured Credit Facility permit us to incur additional indebtedness, subject to our ability to meet certain borrowing conditions. 
 Our substantial debt may have important consequences to you. For instance, it could: 
 make it more difficult for us to satisfy our financial obligations; 
 19 

Table of Contents 

 require us to dedicate a substantial portion of any cash flow from operations to the payment of interest and principal due under our debt, which would reduce funds available for other business purposes, including capital expenditures and acquisitions; 
 place us at a competitive disadvantage compared to some of our competitors that may have less debt and better access to capital resources; 
 limit our ability to respond to changing business, industry and economic conditions and to withstand competitive pressures, which may adversely affect our operations; 
 cause us to incur higher interest expense in the event of increases in interest rates on our borrowings that have variable interest rates or in the event of refinancing existing debt at higher interest rates; 
 limit our ability to make investments or acquisitions, dispose of assets, pay cash dividends or redeem or repurchase shares; and/or 
 limit our ability to refinance existing debt or to obtain additional financing required to fund working capital and other business needs, including capital requirements and acquisitions. 
 Our ability to service our significant financial obligations depends on our ability to generate significant cash flow from operations, which is partially subject to general economic, financial, competitive, legislative, regulatory and other factors beyond our control, and we cannot assure you that our business will generate cash flow from operations, or that we will be able to complete any necessary financings or refinancings, in amounts sufficient to enable us to fund our operations, engage in acquisitions, capital improvements or other development activities, pay our debts and other obligations and fund our other liquidity needs. If we are not able to generate sufficient cash flow from operations, we may need to refinance or restructure our debt, sell assets, reduce or delay capital investments, or seek to raise additional capital. Additional debt or equity financing may not be available in sufficient amounts, at times or on terms acceptable to us, or at all, and any additional debt financing we do obtain may significantly increase our leverage on unfavorable terms. If we are unable to implement one or more of these alternatives, we may not be able to service our debt or other obligations, which could result in us being in default thereon, in which circumstances our lenders could cease making loans to us, lenders or other holders of our debt could accelerate and declare due all outstanding obligations due under the respective agreements and secured lenders could foreclose on their collateral, any of which could have a material adverse effect on us. 
 The agreements which govern our various debt obligations impose restrictions on our business and limit our ability to undertake certain actions. 
 The agreements which govern our 2022 Senior Secured Credit Facility include covenants imposing significant restrictions on our business. These restrictions may affect our ability to operate our business and may limit our ability to take advantage of potential business opportunities as they arise. These covenants place restrictions on our ability to, among other things: 
 incur additional debt; 
 pay dividends or repurchase shares or make other distributions to shareholders; 
 make investments or acquisitions; 
 create liens or use assets as security in other transactions; 
 issue guarantees; 
 merge or consolidate, or sell, transfer, lease or dispose of substantially all of our assets; 
 amend our Articles of Association or bylaws; 
 engage in transactions with affiliates; and 
 purchase, sell or transfer certain assets. 
 
 The 2022 Senior Secured Credit Facility requires us to comply with certain financial and other covenants. Our ability to comply with these agreements may be affected by events beyond our control, including prevailing economic, financial and industry conditions. These covenants could have a material adverse effect on our business by limiting our ability to take advantage of financing, mergers, acquisitions or other corporate opportunities. The breach of any of these covenants could result in a default under the 2022 Senior Secured Credit Facility. An event of default under any of our debt agreements could permit such lenders to declare all amounts borrowed from them, together with accrued and unpaid interest, to be immediately due and payable, which could, in turn, trigger defaults under other debt obligations and could result in the termination of commitments of the lenders to make further extensions of credit under the 2022 Revolving Credit Facility. If we are unable to repay debt to our lenders, or are otherwise in default under any provision governing any secured debt obligations, our secured lenders could proceed against us and against any collateral securing that debt. 
 20 

Table of Contents 

 Our variable rate indebtedness is priced using a spread over SOFR and subjects us to interest rate risk, which could cause our debt service obligations to increase significantly. 
 
 Borrowings under the 2022 Senior Secured Credit Facility are at variable rates of interest and expose us to interest rate risk. If interest rates increase, our debt service obligations on our existing and any future variable rate indebtedness would also increase and our cash available to service our other obligations and invest in our business would decrease. Furthermore, rising interest rates would likely increase our interest obligations on future fixed rate indebtedness. As a result, rising interest rates could materially and adversely affect our financial condition and liquidity. 
 
 Any mortgage debt we incur will expose us to increased risk of property losses due to foreclosure, which could have a material adverse effect on us. 
 
 Incurring mortgage debt increases our risk of property losses because any defaults on indebtedness secured by our resorts may result in foreclosure actions initiated by lenders and ultimately our loss of the property securing the loan for which we are in default. For tax purposes, a foreclosure of any nonrecourse mortgage on any of our resorts may be treated as a sale of the property for a purchase price equal to the outstanding balance of the debt secured by the mortgage. In certain of the jurisdictions in which we operate, if any such foreclosure is treated as a sale of the property and the outstanding balance of the debt secured by the mortgage exceeds our tax basis in the property, we could recognize taxable income upon foreclosure but may not receive any cash proceeds. 
 In addition, any default under our mortgage debt may increase the risk of default on our other indebtedness, including other mortgage debt. If this occurs, we may not be able to satisfy our obligations under our indebtedness, which could have a material adverse effect on us, including our financial condition, liquidity (including our future access to borrowing) and results of operations. 
 
 We may become subject to disputes or legal, regulatory or other proceedings that could involve significant expenditures by us, which could have a material adverse effect on us. 
 The nature of our business has exposed us to disputes or legal, regulatory and other proceedings from time to time relating to tax matters, environmental matters, government regulations, including licensing and permitting requirements, food and beverages safety regulations, personal injury, labor and employment matters, contract disputes and other issues. In addition, amenities at our resorts, including restaurants, bars, casinos, and swimming pools, are subject to significant regulations, and government authorities may disagree with our interpretations of these regulations, or may enforce regulations that historically have not been enforced. Such disputes, individually or collectively, could adversely affect our business by distracting our management from the operation of our business or impacting our market reputation with our guests. If these disputes develop into proceedings or judgments, these proceedings or judgments, individually or collectively, could distract our senior management, disrupt our business or involve significant expenditures and our reserves relating to ongoing proceedings, if any, may ultimately prove to be inadequate, any of which could have a material adverse effect on us, including our financial results. 
 Some of the resorts in our portfolio located in Mexico were constructed and renovated without certain approvals. The authority granted to the Mexican government is plenary and we can give no assurance it will not exercise its authority to impose fines, remediation measures or close part or all of the related resort(s), which could have a material adverse effect on us. 
 Some of the resorts in our portfolio were constructed and renovated without certain approvals at the time the construction and renovation work was carried out, as the prior owners of such resorts determined that such approvals were not required under the Mexican law. We can give no assurance that the Mexican authorities will have the same interpretation of Mexican law as the prior owners. The authority granted to the Mexican government in this regard is plenary and we can give no assurance the Mexican government will not exercise its authority to impose fines, to require us to perform remediation/restoration activities and/or to contribute to environmental trusts, and/or to close part or all of the related resort(s), which could have a material adverse effect on us, including our business, financial condition, liquidity, results of operations and prospects. 
 As of 1988, Mexican environmental laws were amended in order to establish that, among other things, any new hotel construction and certain renovations require the preparation of an environmental impact statement MIA in order to obtain an Environmental Impact Authorization Resolutivo de Impacto Ambiental ). Furthermore, since 2003 depending on each specific project, a supporting technical report ETJ is required to obtain an Authorization to Change the Use of Soil of Forestal Land Autorizaci n de Cambio de Uso de Suelo en Terrenos Forestales ). 
 With respect to the applicable resorts: 
 Two of the acquired resorts, Wyndham Alltra Canc n and Hyatt Zilara Canc n, were built prior to implementation of the MIA in 1988 and, therefore, required no such authorization. However, certain renovations to these resorts were carried out after 1988 without an MIA because the prior owner determined that no authorization was needed pursuant to an exception 
 21 

Table of Contents 

 in the Mexican law. We can give no assurance that the Mexican authorities will have the same interpretation of the applicability of the exception as the prior owner. 
 The remaining two resorts, Hilton Playa del Carmen All-Inclusive Resort and Wyndham Alltra Playa del Carmen, were constructed after 1988 without the required MIA and ETJ authorizations. Notwithstanding the foregoing, those resorts were operated by the prior owner, and since our Predecessor s acquisition at the time of our Predecessor s formation transaction have been operated by our Predecessor and us, with no interference in the normal course of business. 
 The consequences of failing to obtain the MIA and/or ETJ, as applicable, could result in fines of up to approximately 300,000, obligations to perform remediation/restoration activities and/or contribute to environmental trusts, and, in the case of a severe violation, a partial or total closing or a demolition of the relevant resort(s). Although we are not aware of closings or demolitions due to the failure to obtain the MIA and/or ETJ, no assurance can be given that such action will not be taken in the future. 
 Our wholly-owned subsidiary Playa Resorts Holding B.V. may be required to obtain a banking license and/or may be in violation of the prohibition to attract repayable funds as a result of having issued senior notes and borrowing under our 2022 Senior Secured Credit Facility, which could have a material adverse effect on us. 
 Under the Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council of June 26, 2013, which took effect on January 1, 2014, as amended from time to time (the CRR ), there is uncertainty regarding how certain key terms in the CRR are to be interpreted. 
 
 If such terms are not interpreted in a manner that is consistent with current Dutch national guidance on which Playa Resorts Holding B.V. (our wholly-owned subsidiary) relies, Playa Resorts Holding B.V. could be categorized as a credit institution as a consequence of borrowing under our 2022 Senior Secured Credit Facility if it is deemed to be an undertaking the business of which is to receive deposits or other repayable funds from the public and to grant credits for its own account. This would require it to obtain a banking license and it could be deemed to be in violation of the prohibition on conducting the business of a bank without such a license. With respect to the borrowing under our 2022 Senior Secured Credit Facility, Playa Resorts Holding B.V. could also be deemed to be in violation of the prohibition on attracting repayable funds from the public. In each such case, it could, as a result, be subject to certain enforcement measures such as a warning and/or instructions by the regulator, incremental penalty payments last onder dwangsom and administrative fines bestuurlijke boete ), which all may be disclosed publicly by the regulator. 
 There is limited official guidance at the EU level as to the key elements of the definition of credit institution, such as the terms repayable funds and the public. The Netherlands legislature has indicated that, as long as there is no clear guidance at the EU level, it is to be expected that the current Dutch national interpretation of these terms will continue to be taken into account for the use and interpretation thereof. Playa Resorts Holding B.V. relies on this national interpretation to reach the conclusion that a requirement to obtain a banking license is not triggered, and that the prohibitions on conducting the business of a bank without such a license and on attracting repayable funds from the public have not been violated, on the basis that (i) each lender under our 2022 Senior Secured Credit Facility has extended loans to Playa Resorts Holding B.V. for an initial amount of at least the U.S. dollar equivalent of 100,000 or has assumed rights and/or obligations vis- -vis Playa Resorts Holding B.V. the value of which is at least the U.S. dollar equivalent of 100,000 and (ii) all senior notes which were issued by Playa Resorts Holding B.V. were in denominations which equal or are greater than the U.S. dollar equivalent of 100,000. 
 If European guidance is published on what constitutes the public as referred to in the CRR, and such guidance does not provide that the holder of a note of 150,000 or more, such as was the case with our senior notes, or the lenders under our 2022 Senior Secured Credit Facility, each providing a loan the initial amount of which exceeds the U.S. dollar equivalent of 100,000, are excluded from being considered part of the public and the current Dutch national interpretation of these terms is not considered to be grandfathered, then Playa Resorts Holding B.V. may be required to obtain a banking license, and/or may be deemed to be in violation of the prohibition on conducting the business of a bank without such a license and, with respect to our 2022 Senior Secured Credit Facility, the prohibition on attracting repayable funds from the public and, as a result may, in each case, be subject to certain enforcement measures as described above. If Playa Resorts Holding B.V. is required to obtain a banking license or becomes subject to such enforcement measures, we could be materially adversely affected. 
 The results of operations of our resorts may be adversely affected by various operating risks common to the lodging industry, including competition, over-supply and dependence on tourism, which could have a material adverse effect on us. 
 Our resorts are subject to various operating risks common to the lodging industry, many of which are beyond our control, including, among others, the following: 
 the availability of and demand for hotel and resort rooms; 
 22 

Table of Contents 

 over-building of hotels and resorts in the markets in which we operate, which results in increased supply and may adversely affect Occupancy and revenues at our resorts; 
 pricing strategies of our competitors; 
 increases in operating costs due to inflation and other factors that may not be offset by increased room rates or other income; 
 international, national, and regional economic and geopolitical conditions; 
 the impact of war, crime, actual or threatened terrorist activity and heightened travel security measures instituted in response to war, terrorist activity or threats (including Travel Advisories issued by the U.S. Department of State) and civil unrest; 
 the impact of any economic or political instability in Mexico due to unsettled political conditions, including civil unrest, widespread criminal activity, acts of terrorism, force majeure, war or other armed conflict, strikes and governmental actions; 
 the desirability of particular locations and changes in travel patterns; 
 the occurrence of natural or man-made disasters, such as earthquakes, tsunamis, hurricanes, floods, and oil spills; 
 events that may be beyond our control that could adversely affect the reputation of one or more of our resorts or that may disproportionately and adversely impact the reputation of our brands or resorts; 
 taxes and government regulations that influence or determine wages, prices, interest rates, construction procedures, and costs; 
 adverse effects of a downturn in the lodging industry, especially leisure travel and tourism spending; 
 necessity for periodic capital reinvestment to maintain, repair, expand, renovate and reposition our resorts; 
 regional, national and international development of competing resorts; 
 increases in wages and other labor costs, energy, healthcare, insurance, transportation and fuel, and other expenses central to the conduct of our business or the cost of travel for our guests, including recent increases in energy costs and any resulting increase in travel costs or decrease in airline capacity; and 
 organized labor activities, which could cause the diversion of business from resorts involved in labor negotiations, loss of group business, and/or increased labor costs. 
 Any one or more of these factors could limit or reduce the demand for our resorts or the prices our resorts are able to obtain, or increase our costs and therefore reduce the operating results of our resorts. Even where such factors do not reduce demand, resort-level profit margins may suffer if we are unable to fully recover increased operating costs from our guests. These factors could have a material adverse effect on us, including our business, financial condition, liquidity, results of operations and prospects. 
 The seasonality of the lodging industry could have a material adverse effect on us. 
 The lodging industry is seasonal in nature, which can be expected to cause quarterly fluctuations in our revenues. Although this trend was disrupted in 2020 and 2021 by the impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic, we saw a return to pre-COVID-19 seasonality trends in 2022. The seasonality of the lodging industry and the location of our resorts in Mexico and the Caribbean will generally result in the greatest demand for our resorts between mid-December and April of each year, yielding higher occupancy levels and package rates during this period. This seasonality in demand has resulted in predictable fluctuations in revenue, results of operations and liquidity, which are consistently higher during the first quarter of each year than in successive quarters. We can provide no assurances that these seasonal fluctuations will, in the future, be consistent with our historical experience or whether any shortfalls that occur as a result of these fluctuations will not have a material adverse effect on us. 
 The cyclical nature of the lodging industry may cause fluctuations in our operating performance, which could have a material adverse effect on us. 
 The lodging industry is highly cyclical in nature. Fluctuations in operating performance are caused largely by general economic and local market conditions, which subsequently affect levels of business and leisure travel. In addition to general economic conditions, new hotel and resort room supply is an important factor that can affect the lodging industry s performance, and over-building has the potential to further exacerbate the negative impact of an economic recession. Room rates and Occupancy, and thus Net Package RevPAR (as defined in Part II, Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations , tend to increase when demand growth exceeds supply growth. A decline in lodging demand, or increase in lodging supply, could result in returns that are substantially below expectations, or result in losses, which could have a material adverse effect 
 23 

Table of Contents 

 on us, including our business, financial condition, liquidity, results of operations and prospects. Further, the costs of running a resort tend to be more fixed than variable. As a result, in an environment of declining revenue, the rate of decline in earnings is likely to be higher than the rate of decline in revenue. 
 The increasing use of Internet travel intermediaries by consumers could have a material adverse effect on us. 
 Some of our vacation packages are booked through Internet travel intermediaries, including, but not limited to, Travelocity.com, Expedia.com and Priceline.com. As these Internet bookings increase, these intermediaries may be able to obtain higher commissions, reduced room rates or other significant contract concessions from us. Moreover, some of these Internet travel intermediaries are attempting to offer lodging as a commodity, by increasing the importance of price and general indicators of quality, such as three-star downtown hotel, at the expense of brand identification or quality of product or service. If consumers develop loyalty to Internet reservations systems rather than to our booking system or the brands we own and operate, the value of our resorts could deteriorate and we could be materially and adversely affected, including our financial results. 
 Cyber risk and the failure to maintain the integrity of internal or guest data could harm our reputation and result in a loss of business and/or subject us to costs, fines, investigations, enforcement actions or lawsuits. 
 We, Hyatt, Hilton, Wyndham, our third-party resort manager and other third-party service providers collect, use and retain large volumes of guest data, including credit card numbers and other personally identifiable information, for business, marketing and other purposes in our, Hyatt s, Hilton s, Wyndham s, our third-party resort manager s and other third-party service providers various information technology systems, which enter, process, summarize and report such data. We also maintain personally identifiable information about our employees. We, Hyatt, Hilton, Wyndham, our third-party resort manager and other third-party service providers store and process such internal and guest data both at on-site facilities and at third-party owned facilities including, for example, in a third-party hosted cloud environment. The integrity and protection of our guest, employee and company data, as well as the continuous operation of our, Hyatt s, Hilton s, Wyndham s, our third-party resort manager s and other third-party service providers systems, is critical to our business. Our guests and employees expect that we will adequately protect their personal information. The regulations and contractual obligations applicable to security and privacy are increasingly demanding, both in the United States and in other jurisdictions where we operate, and cyber-criminals have been recently targeting the lodging industry. We continue to develop and enhance controls and security measures to protect against the risk of theft, loss or fraudulent or unlawful use of guest, employee or company data, and we maintain an ongoing process to re-evaluate the adequacy of our controls and measures. 
 We employ a variety of measures to prevent, detect, and mitigate these threats, which include password protection, frequent mandatory password change events, multi-factor authentication, mandatory employee trainings, internal phishing testing, firewall detection systems, frequent backups, a redundant data system for core applications, vulnerability scanning and penetration testing. However, notwithstanding these efforts to protect against unauthorized access of our systems and sensitive information, because of the scope and complexity of their information technology structure, our reliance on third parties to support and protect our structure and data, and the constantly evolving cyber-threat landscape, our systems and those of third parties on which we rely are vulnerable to disruptions, failures, unauthorized access, cyber-terrorism, employee error, negligence, fraud or other misuse, and given the sophistication of hackers to gain unauthorized access to our sensitive information, we may not be able to detect the breach for long periods of time or at all. These or similar occurrences, whether accidental or intentional, could result in theft, unauthorized access or disclosure, loss, fraudulent or unlawful use of guest, employee or company data which could harm our reputation, result in an interruption or disruption of our services or result in a loss of business, as well as remedial and other costs, fines, investigations, enforcement actions, or lawsuits. As a result, future incidents could have a material adverse impact on us, including our business, our financial condition, liquidity and results of operations and prospects. As of December 31, 2022, we have not had any material incidences involving cybersecurity attacks. 
 Information technology systems, software or website failures or interruptions could have a material adverse effect on our business or results of operations. 
 We rely on the uninterrupted and efficient operation of our information technology systems and software. Information technology is critical to our day-to-day operations, including, but not exclusive to guest check-in and check-out, housekeeping and room service, and reporting our financial results and the financial results of our resorts. We rely on certain third-party hardware, network and software vendors to maintain and upgrade many of our critical systems on an ongoing basis to support our business operations and to keep pace with technology developments in the hospitality industry. The software programs supporting many of our systems are licensed to us by independent third-party software providers. An inability to continuously maintain and update our hardware and software programs or an inability for network providers to maintain their communications infrastructure would potentially disrupt or inhibit the efficiency of our operations if suitable alternatives could not be identified and implemented in a timely, efficient and cost-effective manner. 
 24 

Table of Contents 

We may be subject to unknown or contingent liabilities related to our existing resorts and resorts that we acquire, which could have a material adverse effect on us. 
 Our existing resorts and resorts that we may in the future acquire may be subject to unknown or contingent liabilities for which we may have no recourse, or only limited recourse, against the sellers. In general, the representations and warranties provided under the transaction agreements related to our existing resorts and any future acquisitions of resorts by us may not survive the closing of the transactions. Furthermore, indemnification under such agreements may not exist or be limited and subject to various exceptions or materiality thresholds, a significant deductible or an aggregate cap on losses. As a result, there is no guarantee that we will recover any amounts with respect to losses due to breaches by the transferors or sellers of their representations and warranties or other prior actions by the sellers. In addition, the total amount of costs and expenses that may be incurred with respect to liabilities associated with these resorts may exceed our expectations, and we may experience other unanticipated adverse effects, all of which may materially and adversely affect us, including our business, financial condition, liquidity, results of operations and prospects. 
 
 We could be exposed to liabilities under the FCPA and other anti-corruption laws and regulations, including non-U.S. laws, any of which could have a material adverse impact on us. 
 We have international operations, and as a result are subject to compliance with various laws and regulations, including the FCPA and other anti-corruption laws in the jurisdictions in which we do business, which generally prohibit companies and their intermediaries or agents from engaging in bribery or making improper payments to foreign officials or their agents or other entities. The FCPA also requires companies to make and keep books and records and accounts which, in reasonable detail, reflect their transactions, including the disposition of their assets. We have implemented, and will continue to evaluate and improve, safeguards and policies designed to prevent violations of various anti-corruption laws that prohibit improper payments or offers of payments to foreign officials or their agents or other entities for the purpose of conducting business, and we are in the process of expanding our training program. The countries in which we own resorts have experienced governmental corruption to some degree and, in certain circumstances, compliance with anti-corruption laws may conflict with local customs and practices. Despite existing safeguards and any future improvements to our policies and training, we will be exposed to risks from deliberate, reckless or negligent acts committed by our employees or agents for which we might be held responsible. Failure to comply with these laws or our internal policies could lead to criminal and civil penalties and other legal and regulatory liabilities and require us to undertake remedial measures, any of which could have a material adverse impact on us, including our business, financial condition, liquidity, results of operations and prospects. 
 Our existing resorts and resorts that we may acquire may contain or develop harmful mold that could lead to liability for adverse health effects and costs of remediating the problem, either of which could have a material adverse effect on us. 
 When excessive moisture accumulates in buildings or on building materials, mold growth may occur, particularly if the moisture problem remains undiscovered or is not addressed over a period of time. Some molds may produce airborne toxins or irritants. Concern about indoor exposure to mold has been increasing as exposure to mold may cause a variety of adverse health effects and symptoms, including allergic or other reactions. Some of the resorts in our portfolio or resorts that we may acquire may contain microbial matter, such as mold and mildew, which could require us to undertake a costly remediation program to contain or remove the mold from the affected resort. Furthermore, we can provide no assurances that we will be successful in identifying harmful mold and mildew at resorts that we seek to acquire, which could require us to take remedial action at acquired resorts. The presence of significant mold could expose us to liability from guests, employees and others if property damage or health concerns arise, which could have a material adverse effect on us, including our results of operations. 
 Illiquidity of real estate investments could significantly impede our ability to sell resorts or otherwise respond to adverse changes in the performance of our resorts, which could have a material adverse effect on us. 
 Because real estate investments are relatively illiquid, our ability to sell one or more resorts promptly for reasonable prices in response to changing economic, financial and investment conditions will be limited. The real estate market is affected by many factors beyond our control that could impact the timing of a disposition, including adverse changes in economic and market conditions, changes in interest and tax rates and in the availability and cost and other terms of debt financing, and changes in governmental laws and regulations. 
 In addition, we may be required to expend funds to correct defects, terminate contracts or to make improvements before a resort can be sold. We can provide no assurances that we will have funds available, or access to such funds, to correct those defects or to make those improvements. In acquiring a resort, we may agree to lock-out provisions or tax protection agreements that materially restrict us from selling that property for a period of time or impose other restrictions, such as a limitation on the amount of debt that can be placed or repaid on that property. These factors and any others that would impede our ability to respond to adverse changes in the performance of our resorts or a need for liquidity could materially and adversely affect us, including our financial results. 
 25 

Table of Contents 

 We could incur significant costs related to government regulation and litigation with respect to environmental matters, which could have a material adverse effect on us. 
 Our resorts are subject to various international, national, regional and local environmental laws that impose liability for contamination. Under these laws, governmental entities have the authority to require us, as the current owner of property, to perform or pay for the clean-up of contamination (including hazardous substances, waste, or petroleum products) at, on, under or emanating from our property and to pay for natural resource damages arising from such contamination. Such laws often impose liability without regard to whether the owner or operator or other responsible party knew of, or caused, such contamination, and the liability may be joint and several. Because these laws also impose liability on persons who owned a property at the time it was or became contaminated, it is possible we could incur cleanup costs or other environmental liabilities even after we sell resorts. Contamination at, on, under or emanating from our resorts also may expose us to liability to private parties for costs of remediation and/or personal injury or property damage. In addition, environmental laws may create liens on contaminated sites in favor of the government for damages and costs it incurs to address such contamination. If contamination is discovered on our resorts, environmental laws also may impose restrictions on the manner in which our property may be used or our business may be operated, and these restrictions may require substantial expenditures. Moreover, environmental contamination can affect the value of a property and, therefore, an owner s ability to borrow funds using the property as collateral or to sell the property on favorable terms or at all. Furthermore, persons who sent waste to a waste disposal facility, such as a landfill or an incinerator, may be liable for costs associated with cleanup of that facility. 
 In addition, our resorts are subject to various international, national, regional and local environmental, health and safety regulatory requirements that address a wide variety of issues. Some of our resorts routinely handle and use hazardous or regulated substances and wastes as part of their operations, which are subject to regulation e.g. , swimming pool chemicals). Our resorts incur costs to comply with these environmental, health and safety laws and regulations and could be subject to fines and penalties for non-compliance with applicable laws. 
 Liabilities and costs associated with contamination at, on, under or emanating from our properties, defending against claims, or complying with environmental, health and safety laws could be significant and could have a material adverse effect on us, including our business, financial condition, liquidity, results of operations and prospects. We can provide no assurances that (i) changes in current laws or regulations or future laws or regulations will not impose additional or new material environmental liabilities or (ii) the current environmental condition of our resorts will not be affected by our operations, by the condition of the resorts in the vicinity of our resorts, or by third parties unrelated to us. The discovery of material environmental liabilities at our resorts could subject us to unanticipated significant costs, which could result in significant losses. Please see Risk Factors Risks Related to Our Business We may become subject to disputes or legal, regulatory or other proceedings that could involve significant expenditures by us, which could have a material adverse effect on us as to the possibility of disputes or legal, regulatory or other proceedings that could adversely affect us. 
 The tax laws, rules and regulations (or interpretations thereof) in the jurisdictions in which we operate may change, which could have a material adverse effect on us. 
 We generally seek to structure our business activities in the jurisdictions in which we operate in a manner that is tax-efficient, taking into account the relevant tax laws, rules and regulations. However, tax laws, rules and regulations in these jurisdictions are complex and are subject to change as well as subject to interpretation by local tax authorities and courts. There can be no assurance that these tax laws, rules and regulations (or interpretations thereof) will not change, possibly with retroactive effect, or that local tax authorities may not otherwise successfully assert positions contrary to those taken by us. In any such case, we may be required to operate in a less tax-efficient manner, incur costs and expenses to restructure our operations and/or owe past taxes (and potentially interest and penalties), which in each case could negatively impact our operations. For example, we are currently renegotiating our agreements which determine our taxes in the Dominican Republic, known as advanced pricing agreements, with The Ministry of Finance of the Dominican Republic. 
 On October 8, 2021, almost 140 countries in the OECD/G20 Inclusive Framework on Base Erosion and Profit Shifting (BEPS), including the U.S., the Netherlands and Mexico, reached an agreement on international tax reform. The reform of international corporate tax rules consist of two pillars: Pillar 1 and Pillar 2. Pillar 1 covers a new system of allocating taxing rights over the largest multinationals to jurisdictions where profits are earned (technical work on the details thereof is ongoing in the Inclusive Framework). Pillar 2 contains rules aimed at reducing the opportunities for base erosion and profit shifting with the goal to ensure that the largest multinational groups of companies pay a minimum rate of corporate tax. 
 On December 15, 2022 it was announced that the EU adopted a directive implementing a global minimum tax at an effective rate of 15 at the EU level (the EU Pillar 2 Directive). The EU Pillar 2 Directive is largely aligned with the OECD s model rules released in December 2021. Some deviations were introduced to ensure compliance with EU treaties. The EU Pillar 2 rules will apply to large multinational and domestic groups or companies with a combined annual turnover of at least 750 million. Member States, including 
 26 

Table of Contents 

 the Netherlands, will now have to transpose the EU Pillar 2 Directive rules into their national laws by the end of 2023. The Netherlands has already published draft Pillar 2 rules in connection with the foregoing. The Netherlands proposes an entry into force of the so-called 'Income Inclusion Rule' (IRR) and qualified domestic top-up tax as per December 31, 2023 and the so-called 'Undertaxed Profit Rule' (UTPR) as per December 31, 2024 (in line with the EU Pillar 2 Directive). Other (non-EU) countries are also actively considering changes to their tax laws to adopt certain parts of the OECD s proposals. As a result of these new tax rules and the ongoing initiatives at the OECD level, if enacted into law, in whole or in part, our effective tax rate may increase which may negatively impact our financial results. 
 Increases in property taxes would increase our operating costs, which could have a material adverse effect on us. 
 Each of our resorts is subject to real estate and personal property taxes, especially upon any development, redevelopment, rebranding, repositioning and renovation. These taxes may increase as tax rates change and as our resorts are assessed or reassessed by taxing authorities. If property taxes increase, we would incur a corresponding increase in our operating expenses, which could have a material adverse effect on us, including our business, financial condition, liquidity, results of operations and prospects. 
 Risks Related to Ownership of Our Ordinary Shares 
 The rights of our shareholders and the duties of our directors are governed by Dutch law, our Articles of Association and internal rules and policies adopted by our Board, and differ in some important respects from the rights of shareholders and the duties of members of a board of directors of a U.S. corporation. 
 Our corporate affairs, as a Dutch public limited liability company naamloze vennootschap ), are governed by our Articles of Association, internal rules and policies adopted by our Board and by the laws governing companies incorporated in the Netherlands. The rights of our shareholders and the duties of our directors under Dutch law are different from the rights of shareholders and/or the duties of directors of a corporation organized under the laws of U.S. jurisdictions. In the performance of its duties, our Board is required by Dutch law to consider our interests and the interests of our shareholders, our employees and other stakeholders e.g ., our creditors, guests and suppliers) as a whole and not only those of our shareholders, which may negatively affect the value of your investment. 
 In addition, the rights of our shareholders, including for example the rights of shareholders as they relate to the exercise of shareholder rights, are governed by Dutch law and our Articles of Association and such rights differ from the rights of shareholders under U.S. law. For example, if we engaged in a merger, Dutch law would not grant appraisal rights to any of our shareholders who wished to challenge the consideration to be paid to them upon such merger (without prejudice, however, to certain cash exit rights offered under Dutch law in certain circumstances). 
 We are organized and existing under the laws of the Netherlands, and, as such, the rights of our shareholders and the civil liability of our directors and executive officers are governed in certain respects by the laws of the Netherlands. 
 We are organized and existing under the laws of the Netherlands, and, as such, the rights of our shareholders and the civil liability of our directors and executive officers are governed in certain respects by the laws of the Netherlands. The ability of our shareholders in certain countries other than the Netherlands to bring an action against us, our directors and executive officers may be limited under applicable law. In addition, substantially all of our assets are located outside the United States. As a result, it may not be possible for shareholders to effect service of process within the United States upon us or our directors and executive officers or to enforce judgments against us or them in U.S. courts, including judgments predicated upon the civil liability provisions of the federal securities laws of the United States. In addition, it is not clear whether a Dutch court would impose civil liability on us or any of our directors and executive officers in an original action based solely upon the federal securities laws of the United States brought in a court of competent jurisdiction in the Netherlands. 
 As of the date of this annual report, there is no treaty in effect between the United States and the Netherlands providing for the reciprocal recognition and enforcement of judgments, other than arbitration awards, in civil and commercial matters. With respect to choice of court agreements in civil or commercial matters, it is noted that the Hague Convention on Choice of Court Agreements entered into force for the Netherlands, but has not entered into force for the United States. Accordingly, a judgment rendered by a court in the United States, whether or not predicated solely upon U.S. securities laws, would not automatically be recognized and enforced by the competent Dutch courts. However, if a person has obtained a judgment for the payment of money rendered by a court in the United States and files a claim with the competent Dutch court, the Dutch court will in principle give binding effect to a foreign judgment if (i) the jurisdiction of the foreign court was based on a ground of jurisdiction that is generally acceptable according to international standards, (ii) the judgment by the foreign court was rendered in legal proceedings that comply with the Dutch standards of proper administration of justice including sufficient safeguards behoorlijke rechtspleging ), (iii) binding effect of such foreign judgment is not contrary to Dutch public order and (iv) the judgment by the foreign court is not incompatible with a decision rendered between the same parties by a Dutch court, or with a previous decision rendered between the same parties by a foreign court in a 
 27 

Table of Contents 

 dispute that concerns the same subject and is based on the same cause, provided that the previous decision qualifies for acknowledgment in the Netherlands. Even if such a foreign judgment is giving binding effect, a claim based thereon may, however, still be rejected if the foreign judgment is not or no longer formally enforceable. 
 Based on the lack of a treaty as described above, U.S. investors may not be able to enforce against us or our directors, representatives or certain experts named herein who are residents of the Netherlands or countries other than the United States any judgments obtained in U.S. courts in civil and commercial matters, including judgments under the U.S. federal securities laws. 
 Under our Articles of Association, and certain other contractual arrangements between us and our directors, we indemnify and hold our directors harmless against all claims and suits brought against them, subject to limited exceptions. There is doubt, however, as to whether U.S. courts would enforce such indemnity provisions in an action brought against one of our directors in the United States under U.S. securities laws. 
 Sagicor owns a significant number of our ordinary shares and has representation on our Board, and may have interests that differ from those of our other shareholders. 
 As of January 31, 2023, approximately 8 of our outstanding ordinary shares were beneficially owned by Sagicor Financial Corporation Limited and its designated director on our Board. As a result, Sagicor and its affiliates may be able to influence the outcome of matters submitted for director action, subject to our directors obligation to act in the interest of all of our stakeholders, and for shareholder action, including the designation and appointment of our Board (and committees thereof) and approval of significant corporate transactions, including business combinations, consolidations and mergers. So long as this shareholder and/or its affiliates continue to directly or indirectly own a significant amount of our outstanding equity interests and have the right to designate a director to our Board and/or one or more committees thereof, this shareholder may be able to exert substantial influence on us and may be able to exercise its influence in a manner that is not in the interests of our other stakeholders. This shareholder s influence over our management could have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a change in control or otherwise discouraging a potential acquirer from attempting to obtain control of us, which could cause the market price of our ordinary shares to decline or prevent our shareholders from realizing a premium over the market price for our ordinary shares. Prospective investors in our ordinary shares should consider that the interests of this shareholder may differ from their interests in material respects. 
 Provisions of our Articles of Association or Dutch corporate law might deter or discourage acquisition bids for us that shareholders might consider to be favorable and prevent or frustrate any attempt to replace or remove our Board at the time of such acquisition bid. 
 Certain provisions of our Articles of Association may make it more difficult for a third party to acquire control of us or effect a change in our Board. These provisions include: 
 A provision that our directors are appointed by our general meeting General Meeting at the binding nomination of our Board. Such binding nomination may only be overruled by the General Meeting by a resolution adopted by at least a majority of the votes cast, if such votes represent more than 50 of our issued share capital. 
 A provision that our shareholders at a General Meeting may suspend or remove directors at any time. A resolution of our General Meeting to suspend or remove a director may be passed by a majority of the votes cast, provided that the resolution is based on a proposal by our Board. In the absence of a proposal by our Board, a resolution of our General Meeting to suspend or remove a director shall require a vote of at least a majority of the votes cast, if such votes represent more than 50 of our issued share capital. 
 A requirement that certain actions can only be taken by the General Meeting with at least two-thirds of the votes cast, unless such resolution is passed at the proposal by our Board, including an amendment of our Articles of Association, the issuance of shares or the granting of rights to subscribe for shares, the limitation or exclusion of preemptive rights, the reduction of our issued share capital, the application for bankruptcy, the making of a distribution from our profits or reserves on our ordinary shares, the making of a distribution in the form of shares in our capital or in the form of assets, instead of cash, the entering into of a merger or demerger, our dissolution and the designation or granting of authorizations such as the authorization to issue shares and to limit or exclude preemptive rights. Our General Meeting adopted a resolution to grant such authorizations to our Board. 
 A provision prohibiting (a) a Brand Owner (which generally means a franchisor, licensor or owner of a hotel concept or brand that has at least 12 all-inclusive resorts and that competes with any Hyatt All-Inclusive Resort Brand resort) from acquiring our ordinary shares such that the Brand Owner (together with its affiliates) acquires beneficial ownership in excess of 15 of our outstanding shares, or (b) a Restricted Brand Company from acquiring our ordinary shares such that the Restricted Brand Company (together with its affiliates) acquires beneficial ownership in excess of 5 of our 
 28 

Table of Contents 

 outstanding ordinary shares. Upon becoming aware of either share cap being exceeded, we will send a notice to such shareholder informing such shareholder of a violation of this provision and granting the shareholder two weeks to dispose of such excess ordinary shares to an unaffiliated third party. Such notice will immediately trigger the transfer obligation and suspend the right to attend our General Meeting and voting rights (together, Shareholder Rights of the shares exceeding the cap. If such excess shares are not disposed by such time, (i) the Shareholder Rights on all shares held by the shareholder exceeding the share cap will be suspended until the transfer obligations have been complied with, (ii) we will be irrevocably authorized under our Articles of Association to transfer the excess shares to a foundation until sold to an unaffiliated third party and (iii) such foundation shall issue depository receipts for the ordinary shares concerned to the relevant Brand Owner or Restricted Brand Company for as long as those ordinary shares are held by the foundation. 
 Such provisions could discourage a takeover attempt and impair the ability of shareholders to benefit from a change in control and realize any potential change of control premium. This may adversely affect the market price of the ordinary shares. 
 Moreover, our Board can invoke a cooling-off period of up to 250 days in the event of certain unsolicited takeover offers and shareholder activism. During a cooling-off period, our General Meeting would not be able to dismiss, suspend or appoint members of the Board (or amend the provisions in our Articles of Association dealing with those matters) except at the proposal of our Board. 
 Provisions of our franchise agreements with Hyatt might deter acquisition bids for us that shareholders might consider to be favorable and/or give Hyatt the right to terminate such agreements if certain persons obtain and retain more than a specified percentage of our ordinary shares. 
 Certain provisions of our franchise agreements with Hyatt may make it more difficult for certain third parties to acquire more than a specified percentage of issued ordinary shares. Our franchise agreements with Hyatt and our Articles of Association both contain a provision prohibiting (a) a Brand Owner from acquiring issued ordinary shares such that the Brand Owner (together with its affiliates) acquires beneficial ownership in excess of 15 of issued and outstanding ordinary shares, and (b) a Restricted Brand Company from acquiring issued ordinary shares such that the Restricted Brand Company (together with its affiliates) acquires beneficial ownership in excess of 5 of issued and outstanding ordinary shares. Upon becoming aware of either share cap being exceeded, we must send a notice to such shareholder informing such shareholder of a violation of this provision and granting the shareholder two weeks to dispose of such excess ordinary shares to an unaffiliated third party. Such notice will immediately trigger the transfer obligation and suspend the Shareholder Rights of ordinary shares exceeding the share cap. If such excess ordinary shares are not disposed by such time, (i) the Shareholder Rights on all ordinary shares held by the shareholder exceeding the share cap will be suspended until the transfer obligations have been complied with and (ii) we will be irrevocably authorized under our Articles of Association to transfer the excess ordinary shares to a foundation until sold to an unaffiliated third party. Our franchise agreements provide that, if the excess ordinary shares are not transferred to a foundation or an unaffiliated third party within 30 days following the earlier of the date on which a public filing is made with respect to either share cap being exceeded and the date we become aware of either share cap being exceeded, Hyatt will have the right to terminate all (but not less than all) of its franchise agreements with us by providing the notice specified in the franchise agreement to us and we will be subject to liquidated damage payments to Hyatt. In the event that any Brand Owner or Restricted Brand Company acquires any ownership interest in us, we will be required to establish and maintain controls to protect the confidentiality of certain Hyatt information and will provide Hyatt with a detailed description and evidence of such controls. 
 Future issuances of debt securities and equity securities may adversely affect us, including the market price of our ordinary shares and may be dilutive to existing shareholders. 
 In the future, we may incur debt or issue equity ranking senior to our ordinary shares. Those securities will generally have priority upon liquidation. Such securities also may be governed by an indenture or other instrument containing covenants restricting its operating flexibility. Additionally, any convertible or exchangeable securities that we issue in the future may have rights, preferences and privileges more favorable than those of our ordinary shares. We may also issue ordinary shares in a public or private offering at prices below the current market price of the ordinary shares. Because our decision to issue debt or equity in the future will depend on market conditions and other factors beyond our control, we cannot predict or estimate the amount, timing, nature or success of our future capital raising efforts. As a result, future capital raising efforts may reduce the market price of our ordinary shares and be dilutive to existing shareholders. 
 
 Our shareholders may not have any preemptive rights in respect of future issuances of our ordinary shares. 
 
 In the event of an increase in our share capital, our ordinary shareholders are generally entitled under Dutch law to full preemptive rights, unless these rights are limited or excluded either by a resolution of the General Meeting or by a resolution of our Board (if our Board has been authorized by the General Meeting for this purpose), or where shares are issued to our employees or a group company (i.e., certain affiliates, subsidiaries or related companies) or where shares are issued against a non-cash contribution, or in case of an 
 29 

Table of Contents 

 exercise of a previously acquired right to subscribe for shares. The same preemptive rights apply when rights to subscribe for shares are granted. 
 
 Preemptive rights may be excluded by our Board on the basis of the irrevocable authorization of the General Meeting to our Board for a period of five years from the date of this authorization with respect to the issue of our ordinary shares up to the amount of the authorized share capital (from time to time). The General Meeting has delegated the authority to issue our ordinary shares and grant rights to purchase our ordinary shares in accordance with the respective authorizations granted by our General Meeting. 
 
 Accordingly, holders of our ordinary shares may not have any preemptive rights in connection with, and may be diluted by an issue of, our ordinary shares and it may be more difficult for a shareholder to obtain control over our General Meeting. Certain of our shareholders outside the Netherlands, in particular, U.S. shareholders, may not be allowed to exercise preemptive rights to which they are entitled, if any, unless a registration statement under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), is declared effective with respect to our ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of such rights or an exemption from the registration requirements is available. 
 
 We are not obligated to and do not comply with all the best practice provisions of the Dutch Corporate Governance Code (the DCGC ). This could adversely affect your rights as a shareholder. 
 As we are incorporated under Dutch law and our ordinary shares have been listed on a government-recognized stock exchange (i.e., the Nasdaq), we are subject to the DCGC. The DCGC contains both principles and best practice provisions for our Board, shareholders and the General Meeting, financial reporting, auditors, disclosure compliance and enforcement standards. 
 The DCGC is based on a comply or explain principle. Accordingly, we are required to disclose in our annual management report publicly filed in the Netherlands, whether or not we are complying with the various provisions of the DCGC. If we do not comply with one or more of those provisions (e.g., because of a conflicting Nasdaq requirement or U.S. market practice), we are required to explain the reasons for such non-compliance in our annual management report. 
 We acknowledge the importance of good corporate governance. However, we do not comply with all the provisions of the DCGC, to a large extent because such provisions conflict with or are inconsistent with the corporate governance rules of the Nasdaq and U.S. securities laws that apply to us, or because we believe such provisions do not reflect customary practices of global companies listed on the Nasdaq. This could adversely affect your rights as a shareholder and you may not have the same level of protection as a shareholder in a Dutch company that fully complies with the DCGC. 
 If, based on Mexican law, the accounting value of our ordinary shares is derived more than 50 from property in Mexico, it could result in the imposition of tax on a selling shareholder who is not eligible to claim benefits under the income tax treaty between Mexico and the United States or under any other favorable income tax treaty with Mexico. 
 According to article 161 of the Income Tax Law of Mexico, the transfer by a nonresident of Mexico of shares in an entity where the accounting value of the transferred shares is derived, directly or indirectly, from more than 50 from immovable property located in Mexico could be subject to Mexican income tax. The applicable Mexican law does not provide for the method to be followed in making this calculation. The income tax rate in Mexico for the disposal of shares by nonresidents is currently either 25 of the gross sale proceeds or, if certain conditions are met, 35 of the net gain. Withholding of 25 of gross sale proceeds is required of the buyer only if the latter is a Mexican resident. A Mexican nonresident subject to tax under article 161 may be eligible to claim exemption from taxation or a reduced tax rate under an applicable income tax treaty with Mexico, such as the income tax treaty between Mexico and the United States. A determination of whether the accounting value of our ordinary shares is derived, directly or indirectly, more than 50 from immovable property located in Mexico is subject to interpretations of the applicable law and will be affected by various factors with regard to us that may change over time. If, at the time of a transfer of our ordinary shares, the accounting value of our ordinary shares is derived, directly or indirectly, from more than 50 from immovable property located in Mexico and article 161 were applied to such transfer, it could result in the imposition of the above-mentioned tax on a selling shareholder who is not eligible to claim benefits under the income tax treaty between Mexico and the United States or under any other favorable income tax treaty with Mexico. 
 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. 
 
 None. 
 30 

Table of Contents 

 Item 2. Properties. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the following table presents an overview of our resorts and is organized by our four geographic business segments: the Yucat n Peninsula, the Pacific Coast, the Dominican Republic and Jamaica. 
 Name of Resort 
 Location 
 Brand and Type 
 Operator 
 Year Built; Significant Renovations Rooms Owned Resorts Yucat n Peninsula Hyatt Ziva Canc n Canc n, Mexico Hyatt Ziva (all ages) Playa 1975; 1980; 1986; 2002; 2015 547 Hyatt Zilara Canc n Canc n, Mexico Hyatt Zilara (adults-only) Playa 2006; 2009; 2013; 2017 310 Wyndham Alltra Canc n Canc n, Mexico Wyndham (all ages) Playa 1985; 2009; 2017 458 Hilton Playa del Carmen All-Inclusive Resort Playa del Carmen, Mexico Hilton (adults-only) Playa 2002; 2009; 2019 524 Wyndham Alltra Playa del Carmen Playa del Carmen, Mexico Wyndham (adults-only) Playa 1996; 2006; 2012; 2017 287 Pacific Coast Hyatt Ziva Los Cabos Cabo San Lucas, Mexico Hyatt Ziva (all ages) Playa 2007; 2009; 2015 591 Hyatt Ziva Puerto Vallarta Puerto Vallarta, Mexico Hyatt Ziva (all ages) Playa 1969; 1990; 2002; 2009; 2014; 2017 335 Dominican Republic Hilton La Romana All-Inclusive Resort La Romana, Dominican Republic Hilton (adults-only) Playa 1997; 2008; 2019 356 Hilton La Romana All-Inclusive Resort La Romana, Dominican Republic Hilton (all ages) Playa 1997; 2008; 2019 418 Jewel Palm Beach Punta Cana, Dominican Republic Jewel (all ages) Playa (1) 
 1994; 2008 500 Jewel Punta Cana Punta Cana, Dominican Republic Jewel (all ages) Playa 2004 620 Hyatt Ziva Cap Cana Cap Cana, Dominican Republic Hyatt Ziva (all ages) Playa 2019 375 Hyatt Zilara Cap Cana Cap Cana, Dominican Republic Hyatt Zilara (adults-only) Playa 2019 375 Jamaica Hyatt Ziva Rose Hall Montego Bay, Jamaica Hyatt Ziva (all ages) Playa 2000; 2014; 2017 276 Hyatt Zilara Rose Hall Montego Bay, Jamaica Hyatt Zilara (adults-only) Playa 2000; 2014; 2017 344 Hilton Rose Hall Resort Spa Montego Bay, Jamaica Hilton (all ages) Playa 1974; 2008; 2017 495 Jewel Paradise Cove Beach Resort Spa Runaway Bay, Jamaica Jewel (adults-only) Playa 2013 225 Jewel Grande Montego Bay Resort Spa (2) 
 Montego Bay, Jamaica Jewel (all ages) Playa 2016; 2017 88 Total Rooms Owned 7,124 Managed Resorts (3) 
 Sanctuary Cap Cana Punta Cana, Dominican Republic The Luxury Collection by Marriott (adults-only) Playa 2008; 2015; 2018 324 Jewel Grande Montego Bay Resort Spa Montego Bay, Jamaica Jewel (condo-hotel) Playa 2016; 2017 129 The Yucat n Playa Del Carmen All-Inclusive Resort Playa del Carmen, Mexico Tapestry Collection by Hilton (adults-only) Playa 2012 60 Hyatt Ziva Riviera Canc n Riviera Maya, Mexico Hyatt Ziva (all ages) Playa 2008; 2021 438 Hyatt Zilara Riviera Maya (4) 
 Riviera Maya, Mexico Hyatt Zilara (adults-only) Playa 2003; 2022 291 Seadust Canc n Family Resort (5) 
 Canc n, Mexico Seadust (all ages) Playa 2006; 2022 502 Kimpton Hacienda Tres R os Resort, Spa Nature Park (6) 
 Playa del Carmen, Mexico Kimpton (all ages) Playa 2008; 2023 255 Wyndham Alltra Riviera Nayarit (7) 
 Nuevo Vallarta, Mexico Wyndham (all ages) Playa 2009; 2022 229 Total Rooms Operated 2,228 Total Rooms Owned and Operated 9,352 
 
 (1) Prior to January 6, 2023, this resort was managed by AMResorts and operated under the Dreams brand. 
 (2) Represents an 88-unit tower and spa owned by us. We manage the majority of the units within the remaining two condo-hotel towers that comprise the Jewel Grande Montego Bay Resort Spa. 
 (3) Owned by a third party. 
 (4) We entered into a management agreement to operate this resort during the first quarter of 2021. The resort underwent renovations and opened in December 2022. 
 (5) We entered into a management agreement to operate this resort during the second quarter of 2022 and commenced operations in February 2023. 
 (6) We entered into a management agreement to operate this resort during the second quarter of 2022. The resort is currently undergoing renovations and we expect to commence operations in early 2024. 
 (7) We entered into a management agreement to operate this resort in the third quarter of 2022 and commenced operations in October 2022. 
 31 

Table of Contents 

 Item 3. Legal Proceedings. 
 
 The information contained under the heading Litigation, claims and assessments in Note 7 Commitments and contingencies to our Consolidated Financial Statements in this report is incorporated by reference into this Item 3. 
 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 
 
 Not Applicable. 
 
 PART II 
 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 
 Our ordinary shares have been traded on Nasdaq under the symbol PLYA since March 13, 2017. 
 Shareholder Information 
 As of February 20, 2023, we had 157,835,295 ordinary shares outstanding that were held by approximately 60 shareholders of record, which does not include Depository Trust Company participants, beneficial owners holding shares through nominee names or our employees holding restricted shares granted pursuant to our 2017 Omnibus Incentive Plan that have not vested. 
 Dividend Policy 
 We have never paid cash dividends on our ordinary shares and we do not anticipate paying cash dividends in the foreseeable future. In addition, payments of dividends are restricted by our 2022 Senior Secured Credit Facility. We currently intend to retain any earnings for future operations and expansion. Any future determination to pay dividends will be at the discretion of shareholders at a General Meeting, subject to a proposal from our Board, and will depend on our actual and projected financial condition, liquidity and results of operations, capital requirements, prohibitions and other restrictions contained in current or future financing instruments and applicable law, and such other factors as our Board deems relevant. 
 
 Performance Graph 
 The graph below compares the cumulative total return for our ordinary shares from December 31, 2017 through December 31, 2022 with the comparable cumulative return of two indices: the Dow Jones United States Travel and Leisure Index DJUSCG and the Russell 2000 Index RUSSELL 2000 ). The graph assumes 100 was invested on December 31, 2017 in our ordinary shares and the two indices presented. 
 
 32 

Table of Contents 

 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 None. 
 
 Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 The following table sets forth information regarding our purchases of our ordinary shares during the quarter ended December 31, 2022: 
 Total number of shares purchased Average price paid per share (1) 
 Total number of shares purchased as part of publicly announced program (2) 
 Maximum approximate dollar value of shares that may yet be purchased under the program 
 in thousands) (2) 
 October 1, 2022 to October 31, 2022 2,671,010 5.73 2,671,010 78,911 November 1, 2022 to November 30, 2022 1,702,851 5.95 1,702,851 68,781 December 1, 2022 to December 31, 2022 2,491,200 6.04 2,491,200 53,744 Total 6,865,061 5.90 6,865,061 53,744 
 ________ 
 (1) The average price paid per share and maximum approximate dollar value of shares disclosed above include broker commissions. 
 (2) In December 2018, our Board established a 100.0 million share repurchase program, pursuant to which we may repurchase our outstanding ordinary shares as market conditions and our liquidity warrant. Our Board reauthorized and renewed the repurchase authorization in September 2022 so that there was again 100.0 million available under the program. The share repurchase authorization has no expiration date. Repurchases may be made from time to time in the open market, in privately negotiated transactions or by other means (including Rule 10b5-1 trading plans). Depending on market conditions and other factors, these repurchases may be commenced or suspended from time to time without prior notice. 
 On February 9, 2023, our Board of Directors authorized a new 200.0 million share repurchase program, replacing the recent 100.0 million repurchase authorization announced in September 2022. 
 
 Item 6. [Reserved] 
 
 Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 This section of this Annual Report on Form 10-K generally discusses 2022 and 2021 items and year-to-year comparisons between 2022 and 2021. Discussions of 2020 items and year-to-year comparisons between 2021 and 2020 that are not included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K can be found in Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in Part II, Item 7 of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021 . 
 
 Overview 
 Playa is a leading owner, operator and developer of all-inclusive resorts in prime beachfront locations in popular vacation destinations in Mexico and the Caribbean. As of December 31, 2022, Playa owned and/or managed a total portfolio consisting of 25 resorts (9,352 rooms) located in Mexico, Jamaica, and the Dominican Republic: 
 In Mexico, Playa owns and manages Hyatt Zilara Canc n, Hyatt Ziva Canc n, Wyndham Alltra Canc n, Wyndham Alltra Playa del Carmen, Hilton Playa del Carmen All-Inclusive Resort, Hyatt Ziva Puerto Vallarta, and Hyatt Ziva Los Cabos; 
 In Jamaica, Playa owns and manages Hyatt Zilara Rose Hall, Hyatt Ziva Rose Hall, Hilton Rose Hall Resort Spa, Jewel Grande Montego Bay Resort Spa, and Jewel Paradise Cove Beach Resort Spa; 
 In the Dominican Republic, Playa owns and manages the Hilton La Romana All-Inclusive Family Resort, the Hilton La Romana All-Inclusive Adult Resort, Hyatt Zilara Cap Cana, Hyatt Ziva Cap Cana, and Jewel Punta Cana; and 
 Playa owned one resort in the Dominican Republic that was managed by a third-party until January 6, 2023 but is now managed by Playa. We also manage eight resorts on behalf of third-party owners. 
 Playa s strategy is to leverage its globally recognized brand partnerships and proprietary in-house direct booking capabilities to capitalize on the growing popularity of the all-inclusive resort model and reach first-time all-inclusive resort consumers in a cost-effective manner. We believe that this strategy should position us to generate attractive returns for our shareholders, build lasting relationships with our guests, and enhance the lives of our associates and the communities in which we operate. 
 33 

Table of Contents 

 For the year ended December 31, 2022, we generated net income of 56.7 million, total revenue of 856.3 million, Net Package RevPAR of 266.93 and Adjusted EBITDA of 242.6 million. For the year ended December 31, 2021, during which time our operations were negatively impacted by the effects of COVID-19, we generated a net loss of 89.7 million, total revenue of 534.6 million, Net Package RevPAR of 159.88 and Adjusted EBITDA of 99.2 million. 
 
 Results of Operations 
 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 The following table summarizes our results of operations on a consolidated basis for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 in thousands) : 
 Year Ended December 31, Increase / Decrease 
 2022 2021 Change 
 Change 
 Revenue Package 713,235 437,950 275,285 62.9 Non-package 129,494 88,592 40,902 46.2 Management fees 3,828 2,291 1,537 67.1 Cost reimbursements 9,706 5,806 3,900 67.2 Total revenue 856,263 534,639 321,624 60.2 Direct and selling, general and administrative expenses Direct 459,030 326,979 132,051 40.4 Selling, general and administrative 186,608 119,895 66,713 55.6 Depreciation and amortization 78,372 81,508 (3,136) (3.8) Reimbursed costs 9,706 5,806 3,900 67.2 Impairment loss 24,011 (24,011) (100.0) Loss on sale of assets 6 676 (670) (99.1) Business interruption insurance recoveries (7,226) (7,226) 100.0 Direct and selling, general and administrative expenses 726,496 558,875 167,621 30.0 Operating income (loss) 129,767 (24,236) 154,003 635.4 Interest expense (64,164) (71,378) 7,214 10.1 Loss on extinguishment of debt (18,307) (18,307) Other income (expense) 3,857 (1,471) 5,328 362.2 Net income (loss) before tax 51,153 (97,085) 148,238 152.7 Income tax benefit 5,553 7,403 (1,850) (25.0) Net income (loss) 56,706 (89,682) 146,388 163.2 
 
 The tables below set forth information for our total portfolio and our comparable portfolio with respect to our Occupancy, Net Package ADR, Net Package RevPAR, Net Package Revenue, Net Non-package Revenue, Management Fee Revenue, Total Net Revenue, Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA Margin. For a description of these operating metrics and non-U.S. GAAP measures, see Key Indicators of Financial and Operating Performance below. For discussion of Adjusted EBITDA and reconciliation to the most comparable U.S. GAAP financial measures, see Key Indicators of Financial and Operating Performance and Non-U.S. GAAP Financial Measures below. 
 Our comparable portfolio for the year ended December 31, 2022 excludes the following resorts: 
 Hilton La Romana All-Inclusive Resort and Hyatt Ziva and Hyatt Zilara Cap Cana, which were closed for a portion of the third and fourth quarter to expedite necessary clean up and repair work as a result of Hurricane Fiona; 
 Dreams Puerto Aventuras, which was sold in February 2021; and 
 Capri Resort, which was sold in June 2021. 
 34 

Table of Contents 

 Total Portfolio 
 Year Ended December 31, Increase / Decrease 
 2022 2021 Change Change Occupancy 72.2 51.6 20.6 pts 39.9 Net Package ADR 369.92 309.94 59.98 19.4 Net Package RevPAR 266.93 159.88 107.05 67.0 in thousands) Net Package Revenue 694,092 425,760 268,332 63.0 Net Non-package Revenue 128,321 87,746 40,575 46.2 Management Fee Revenue 3,828 2,291 1,537 67.1 Total Net Revenue 826,241 515,797 310,444 60.2 Adjusted EBITDA 242,619 99,171 143,448 144.6 Adjusted EBITDA Margin 29.4 19.2 10.2 pts 53.1 
 Comparable Portfolio 
 Year Ended December 31, Increase / Decrease 
 2022 2021 Change Change Occupancy 74.9 53.2 21.7 pts 40.8 Net Package ADR 360.50 302.30 58.20 19.3 Net Package RevPAR 269.96 160.76 109.20 67.9 in thousands) Net Package Revenue 551,804 328,593 223,211 67.9 Net Non-package Revenue 102,794 68,822 33,972 49.4 Management Fee Revenue 3,828 2,291 1,537 67.1 Total Net Revenue 658,426 399,706 258,720 64.7 Adjusted EBITDA 177,497 64,652 112,845 174.5 Adjusted EBITDA Margin 27.0 16.2 10.8 pts 66.7 
 Total Revenue and Total Net Revenue 
 Our total revenue for the year ended December 31, 2022 increased 321.6 million, or 60.2 , compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 Our Total Net Revenue for the year ended December 31, 2022 increased 310.4 million, or 60.2 , compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase was due to the following: 
 Occupancy rate increasing 20.6 percentage points, driven by an increase in demand from guests sourced across all major geographies following the ongoing post-pandemic recovery; 
 an 19.4 increase in Net Package ADR as a result of higher meetings, incentives, conventions and events MICE group contribution to our guest mix, the ongoing leisure travel recovery, and pricing discipline to coincide with investments in guest satisfaction at our resorts; 
 an incremental 3.77 favorable Net Package ADR impact compared to the year ended December 31, 2021 was a result of the change in billing methodology of an Online Travel Agent OTA ), which requires Playa to present this revenue gross of commissions under U.S. GAAP. Excluding this adjustment, Net Package ADR would have been 366.15; and 
 an increase in Net Non-package Revenue spend per guest driven by improvements in our product offering across our resorts. 
 Compared to the same period in 2019 (the last full fiscal year prior to the COVID-19 pandemic), for our current comparable portfolio of resorts, which excludes the Hilton La Romana All-Inclusive Resort, Hyatt Ziva and Hyatt Zilara Cap Cana, Dreams Puerto Aventuras, Capri Resort, Jewel Dunn s River Beach Resort Spa and Jewel Runaway Bay Beach Resort Waterpark, Comparable Net Package ADR for the year ended December 31, 2022 increased by 89.19, or 32.9 . Excluding the aforementioned adjustment for the OTA billing methodology, the increase would have been 78.50, or 28.9 . 
 35 

Table of Contents 

 The following table shows a reconciliation of comparable Net Package Revenue, Net Non-package Revenue, Management Fee Revenue and Total Net Revenue to total revenue for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 in thousands) : 
 Year Ended December 31, Increase/Decrease 2022 2021 Change Change Net Package Revenue Comparable Net Package Revenue 551,804 328,593 223,211 67.9 Non-comparable Net Package Revenue 142,288 97,167 45,121 46.4 Net Package Revenue 694,092 425,760 268,332 63.0 Net Non-package Revenue Comparable Net Non-package Revenue 102,794 68,822 33,972 49.4 Non-comparable Net Non-package Revenue 25,527 18,924 6,603 34.9 Net Non-package Revenue 128,321 87,746 40,575 46.2 Management Fee Revenue Comparable Management Fee Revenue 3,828 2,291 1,537 67.1 Non-comparable Management Fee Revenue Management Fee Revenue 3,828 2,291 1,537 67.1 Total Net Revenue Comparable Total Net Revenue 658,426 399,706 258,720 64.7 Non-comparable Total Net Revenue 167,815 116,091 51,724 44.6 Total Net Revenue 826,241 515,797 310,444 60.2 Compulsory tips 20,316 13,036 7,280 55.8 Cost Reimbursements 9,706 5,806 3,900 67.2 Total revenue 856,263 534,639 321,624 60.2 
 Direct Expenses 
 The following table shows a reconciliation of our direct expenses to Net Direct Expenses for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 in thousands): 
 Year Ended December 31, Increase/Decrease 2022 2021 Change Change Direct expenses 459,030 326,979 132,051 40.4 Less: compulsory tips 20,316 13,036 7,280 55.8 Net Direct Expenses 438,714 313,943 124,771 39.7 
 Our direct expenses include resort expenses, such as food and beverage, salaries and wages, utilities and other ongoing operational expenses. Our Net Direct Expenses for the year ended December 31, 2022 were 438.7 million, or 53.1 of Total Net Revenue. Our Net Direct Expenses for the year ended December 31, 2021 were 313.9 million, or 60.9 of Total Net Revenue. Direct operating expenses fluctuate based on various factors, including changes in occupancy, labor costs, utilities, repair and maintenance costs and license and property taxes. Management fees and franchise fees, which are computed as a percentage of revenue, increase or decrease as a result of changes in revenues. 
 Net Direct Expenses for the year ended December 31, 2022 increased 124.8 million, or 39.7 , compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. As a percentage of Owned Net Revenue, Net Direct Expenses decreased to 53.5 , compared to 61.3 for the year ended December 31, 2021. Net Direct Expenses at our comparable properties increased 102.5 million, or 41.7 , compared to the year ended December 31, 2021 primarily due to the following: 
 increased operating expenses associated with higher occupancy levels as a result of the corresponding recovery in our operations compared to the year ended December 31, 2021; 
 36 

Table of Contents 

 increased food and beverage and entertainment expenses on a per guest basis driven by our initiative to deliver an exceptional customer experience across our portfolio. The increase in food and beverage expenses was also impacted by higher food and beverage prices; 
 an increase in utilities expenses driven by a global rise in energy prices; and 
 an increase in repairs and maintenance expenses partially driven by costs of repairing a commercial air conditioning unit in Jamaica. 
 
 Net Direct Expenses consists of the following in thousands) : 
 
 Total Portfolio Year Ended December 31, Increase/Decrease 2022 2021 Change Change Food and beverages 103,191 68,885 34,306 49.8 Guest costs 28,212 24,558 3,654 14.9 Salary and wages 156,225 117,282 38,943 33.2 Repairs and maintenance 23,420 16,629 6,791 40.8 Utilities and sewerage 46,078 35,481 10,597 29.9 Licenses and property taxes 3,049 2,992 57 1.9 Incentive and management fees 3,279 1,492 1,787 119.8 Franchise/license fees 39,558 24,192 15,366 63.5 Transportation and travel expenses 5,495 4,281 1,214 28.4 Laundry and cleaning expenses 6,123 4,672 1,451 31.1 Property and equipment rental expense 5,243 2,335 2,908 124.5 Entertainment expenses and decoration 11,491 6,917 4,574 66.1 Office supplies 1,351 996 355 35.6 Other operational expenses 5,999 3,231 2,768 85.7 Total Net Direct Expenses 438,714 313,943 124,771 39.7 
 Comparable Portfolio 
 Year Ended December 31, Increase/Decrease 2022 2021 Change Change Food and beverages 80,813 51,820 28,993 55.9 Guest costs 20,996 18,096 2,900 16.0 Salary and wages 128,944 96,434 32,510 33.7 Repairs and maintenance 20,090 14,204 5,886 41.4 Utilities and sewerage 35,783 27,013 8,770 32.5 Licenses and property taxes 2,231 2,337 (106) (4.5) Incentive and management fees 3,279 1,450 1,829 126.1 Franchise/license fees 30,311 18,348 11,963 65.2 Transportation and travel expenses 3,143 2,521 622 24.7 Laundry and cleaning expenses 4,776 3,627 1,149 31.7 Property and equipment rental expense 2,863 1,161 1,702 146.6 Entertainment expenses and decoration 9,947 5,828 4,119 70.7 Office supplies 1,054 781 273 35.0 Other operational expenses 4,275 2,400 1,875 78.1 Total Net Direct Expenses 348,505 246,020 102,485 41.7 
 37 

Table of Contents 

 Selling, General and Administrative Expenses 
 Our selling, general and administrative expenses for the year ended December 31, 2022 increased 66.7 million, or 55.6 , compared to the year ended December 31, 2021 due to: 
 higher levels of occupancy from the ongoing recovery at our resorts during the year which resulted in a 15.1 million increase in commissions to travel agents and tour operators, a 7.6 million increase in advertising expenses, and a 6.2 million increase in credit card commissions; 
 The increase in commissions to travel agents and tour operators includes an incremental 9.6 million that was a result of a change in billing methodology of an OTA in 2021, which required Playa to present the commissions on a gross basis under U.S. GAAP. 
 an increase of 2.7 million in insurance expenses driven by higher premiums for the current year; 
 an increase of 13.8 million in transaction expenses primarily related to our debt refinancing in the fourth quarter of 2022, as well as an 8.8 million increase in corporate personnel costs and a 3.2 million increase in professional fees; and 
 8.1 million of estimated clean up and repair expenses in 2022 due to the impact of Hurricane Fiona which are not expected to be offset by property damage insurance proceeds. 
 Depreciation and Amortization Expense 
 Our depreciation and amortization expense for the year ended December 31, 2022 decreased 3.1 million, or 3.8 , compared to the year ended December 31, 2021, primarily as a result of a 0.9 million decrease from our disposition of the Capri Resort in June 2021 and accelerated depreciation recorded on asset disposals in 2021. 
 Business Interruption Insurance Recoveries 
 Our business interruption insurance recoveries for the year ended December 31, 2022 increased 7.2 million, or 100.0 , as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021 as a result of expected recoveries of unavoidable operating costs incurred, net of our deductible, while two of our resorts in the Dominican Republic were temporarily closed due to Hurricane Fiona. We had no business interruption insurance recoveries during the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 Interest Expense 
 Our interest expense for the year ended December 31, 2022 decreased 7.2 million, or 10.1 , as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease in interest expense was driven primarily by an 8.2 million reduction in the interest expense on our prior Senior Secured Credit Facility due to the effects of our interest rate swaps, as LIBOR exceeded the fixed rate paid by us of 2.85 during the year ended December 31, 2022. We also benefited from a 2.1 million change in fair value of our interest rate swaps as a result of increases in forecasted interest rates through the maturity date of our interest rate swaps. We recognized a 0.6 million decrease in interest expense due to the repayment of the entire outstanding balance of our additional senior secured credit facility (the Additional Credit Facility and our property loan agreement (the Property Loan in December 2022 in connection with our debt refinancing. These decreases were offset by 3.9 million of interest expense on our new term loan issued in December 2022 (the 2022 Term Loan ), which incurs interest based on SOFR plus a margin of 4.25 . 
 Cash interest paid was 75.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, representing a 3.5 million, or 4.4 decrease as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. Cash interest paid decreased primarily due to an 8.0 million reduction in the interest expense on our existing Senior Secured Credit Facility due to the effects of our interest rate swaps, as LIBOR exceeded the fixed rate paid by us of 2.85 . This was offset by 5.1 million in call premiums incurred for our Term A1 Loan, Term A2 Loan, Term A3 Loan under our Additional Credit Facility and Property Loan due to the repayment of the outstanding balances in December 2022. 
 Income Tax Benefit 
 
 Our income tax benefit for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 5.6 million, a decrease of 1.8 million compared to the year ended December 31, 2021, during which we reported an income tax benefit of 7.4 million. The decrease in tax benefit was driven primarily by: 
 
 37.5 million increase in tax expense due to an increase in book income attributable primarily to the ongoing post-pandemic recovery; and 
 2.8 million decrease in tax benefit due to the 2021 increase in the Netherlands statutory tax rate. 
 38 

Table of Contents 

These decreases were partially offset by: 
 
 14.7 million increase in tax benefit from rate-favorable jurisdictions where we are subject to tax at rates below the 25.8 Netherlands statutory tax rate; 
 7.8 million decrease in tax expense due to decreases in non-deductible expenses; 
 6.9 million decrease in tax expense due to changes in valuation allowances recorded, including the tax impacts of additional valuation allowance releases in 2022; 
 4.4 million decrease in tax expense due to foreign exchange rate fluctuations; and 
 2.8 million increase in tax benefit due to inflation. 
 
 Key Indicators of Financial and Operating Performance 
 We use a variety of financial and other information to monitor the financial and operating performance of our business. Some of this is financial information prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP, while other information, though financial in nature, is not prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP. For reconciliations of non-U.S. GAAP financial measures to the most comparable U.S. GAAP financial measure, see Non-U.S. GAAP Financial Measures. Our management also uses other information that is not financial in nature, including statistical information and comparative data that are commonly used within the lodging industry to evaluate the financial and operating performance of our portfolio. Our management uses this information to measure the performance of our segments and consolidated portfolio. We use this information for planning and monitoring our business, as well as in determining management and employee compensation. These key indicators include: 
 Net Package Revenue 
 Net Non-package Revenue 
 Owned Net Revenue 
 Management Fee Revenue 
 Total Net Revenue 
 Occupancy 
 Net Package ADR 
 Net Package RevPAR 
 Net Direct Expenses 
 EBITDA 
 Adjusted EBITDA 
 Adjusted EBITDA Margin 
 Owned Resort EBITDA 
 Owned Resort EBITDA Margin 
 Comparable Non-U.S. GAAP Measures 
 
 Net Package Revenue, Net Non-package Revenue, Owned Net Revenue, Management Fee Revenue, Cost Reimbursements, Total Net Revenue and Net Direct Expenses 
 Net Package Revenue is derived from the sale of all-inclusive packages, which include room accommodations, food and beverage services and entertainment activities, net of compulsory tips paid to employees. Government mandated compulsory tips in the Dominican Republic are not included in this adjustment, as they are already excluded from revenue. Revenue is recognized, net of discounts and rebates, when the rooms are occupied and/or the relevant services have been rendered. Advance deposits received from guests are deferred and included in trade and other payables until the rooms are occupied and/or the relevant services have been rendered, at which point the revenue is recognized. 
 Net Non-package Revenue represents all other revenues earned from the operations of our resorts, other than Net Package Revenue, net of compulsory tips paid to employees. Government mandated compulsory tips in the Dominican Republic are not included in this adjustment, as they are already excluded from revenue. Net Non-package Revenue includes revenue associated with guests purchases of upgrades, premium services and amenities, such as premium rooms, dining experiences, wines and spirits and spa 
 39 

Table of Contents 

 packages, which are not included in the all-inclusive package. Revenue not included in a guest s all-inclusive package is recognized when the goods are consumed. 
 Owned Net Revenue represents Net Package Revenue and Net Non-Package Revenue. Owned Net Revenue represents a key indicator to assess the overall performance of our business and analyze trends, such as consumer demand, brand preference and competition. In analyzing our Owned Net Revenues, our management differentiates between Net Package Revenue and Net Non-package Revenue. Guests at our resorts purchase packages at stated rates, which include room accommodations, food and beverage services and entertainment activities, in contrast to other lodging business models, which typically only include the room accommodations in the stated rate. The amenities at all-inclusive resorts typically include a variety of buffet and la carte restaurants, bars, activities, and shows and entertainment throughout the day. 
 Management Fee Revenue is derived from fees earned for managing resorts owned by third-parties. The fees earned are typically composed of a base fee, which is computed as a percentage of resort revenue, and an incentive fee, which is computed as a percentage of resort profitability. Management Fee Revenue was a minor contributor to our operating results for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, but we expect Management Fee Revenue to be a more relevant indicator to assess the overall performance of our business in the future to the extent we are successful in entering into more management contracts. 
 Total Net Revenue represents Net Package Revenue, Net Non-package Revenue and Management Fee Revenue. Cost Reimbursements is excluded from Total Net Revenue as it is not considered a key indicator of financial and operating performance. Cost reimbursements is derived from the reimbursement of certain costs incurred by Playa on behalf of resorts managed by Playa and owned by third parties. This revenue is fully offset by reimbursable costs and has no net impact on operating income or net income. 
 Net Direct Expenses represents direct expenses, net of compulsory tips paid to employees. 
 Occupancy 
 Occupancy represents the total number of rooms sold for a period divided by the total number of rooms available during such period. The total number of rooms available excludes any rooms considered Out of Order due to renovation or a temporary problem rendering them inadequate for occupancy for an extended period of time. Occupancy is a useful measure of the utilization of a resort s total available capacity and can be used to gauge demand at a specific resort or group of properties during a given period. Occupancy levels also enable us to optimize Net Package ADR (as defined below) by increasing or decreasing the stated rate for our all-inclusive packages as demand for a resort increases or decreases. 
 Net Package ADR 
 Net Package ADR represents total Net Package Revenue for a period divided by the total number of rooms sold during such period. Net Package ADR trends and patterns provide useful information concerning the pricing environment and the nature of the guest base of our portfolio or comparable portfolio, as applicable. Net Package ADR is a commonly used performance measure in the all-inclusive segment of the lodging industry, and is commonly used to assess the stated rates that guests are willing to pay through various distribution channels. 
 Net Package RevPAR 
 Net Package RevPAR is the product of Net Package ADR and the average daily occupancy percentage. Net Package RevPAR does not reflect the impact of non-package revenue. Although Net Package RevPAR does not include this additional revenue, it generally is considered the key performance statistic in the all-inclusive segment of the lodging industry to identify trend information with respect to net room revenue produced by our portfolio or comparable portfolio, as applicable, and to evaluate operating performance on a consolidated basis or a regional basis, as applicable. 
 EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA Margin, Owned Resort EBITDA, and Owned Resort EBITDA Margin 
 We define EBITDA, a non-U.S. GAAP financial measure, as net income or loss, determined in accordance with U.S. GAAP, for the period presented, before interest expense, income tax and depreciation and amortization expense. EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA (as defined below) include corporate expenses, which are overhead costs that are essential to support the operation of the Company, including the operations and development of our resorts. We define Adjusted EBITDA, a non-U.S. GAAP financial measure, as EBITDA further adjusted to exclude the following items: 
 Other miscellaneous non-operating income or expense 
 Pre-opening expense 
 40 

Table of Contents 

 Share-based compensation 
 Other tax expense 
 Transaction expenses 
 Severance expense for employee terminations resulting from non-recurring or unusual events, such as the departure of an executive officer or the disposition of a resort 
 Gains from property damage insurance proceeds (i.e., property damage insurance proceeds in excess of repair and clean up costs incurred) 
 Repairs from hurricanes and tropical storms (i.e., significant repair and clean up costs incurred which are not offset by property damage insurance proceeds) 
 Loss on extinguishment of debt 
 Other items which may include, but are not limited to the following: contract termination fees; gains or losses from legal settlements; and impairment losses. 
 We include the non-service cost components of net periodic pension cost or benefit recorded within other income (expense) in the Consolidated Statements of Operations in our calculation of Adjusted EBITDA as they are considered part of our ongoing resort operations. 
 Adjusted EBITDA Margin represents Adjusted EBITDA as a percentage of Total Net Revenue. 
 Owned Resort EBITDA represents Adjusted EBITDA before corporate expenses and Management Fee Revenue. 
 Owned Resort EBITDA Margin represents Owned Resort EBITDA as a percentage of Owned Net Revenue. 
 Usefulness and Limitation of Non-U.S. GAAP Measures 
 We believe that each of Net Package Revenue, Net Non-package Revenue, Owned Net Revenue, Total Net Revenue, Net Package ADR, Net Package RevPAR and Net Direct Expenses are all useful to investors as they more accurately reflect our operating results by excluding compulsory tips. These tips have a margin of zero and do not represent our operating results. 
 We also believe that Adjusted EBITDA is useful to investors for two principal reasons. First, we believe Adjusted EBITDA assists investors in comparing our performance over various reporting periods on a consistent basis by removing from our operating results the impact of items that do not reflect our core operating performance. For example, changes in foreign exchange rates (which are the principal driver of changes in other income or expense), and expenses related to capital raising, strategic initiatives and other corporate initiatives, such as expansion into new markets (which are the principal drivers of changes in transaction expenses), are not indicative of the operating performance of our resorts. The other adjustments included in our definition of Adjusted EBITDA relate to items that occur infrequently and therefore would obstruct the comparability of our operating results over reporting periods. For example, revenue from insurance policies, other than business interruption insurance policies, is infrequent in nature, and we believe excluding these expense and revenue items permits investors to better evaluate the core operating performance of our resorts over time. We believe Adjusted EBITDA Margin provides our investors a useful measurement of operating profitability for the same reasons we find Adjusted EBITDA useful. 
 The second principal reason that we believe Adjusted EBITDA is useful to investors is that it is considered a key performance indicator by our board of directors (our Board and management. In addition, the compensation committee of our Board determines a portion of the annual variable compensation for certain members of our management, including our executive officers, based, in part, on consolidated Adjusted EBITDA. We believe that Adjusted EBITDA is useful to investors because it provides investors with information utilized by our Board and management to assess our performance and may (subject to the limitations described below) enable investors to compare the performance of our portfolio to our competitors. 
 We believe that Owned Resort EBITDA and Owned Resort EBITDA Margin are useful to investors as they allow investors to measure resort-level performance and profitability by excluding expenses not directly tied to our resorts, such as corporate expenses, and excluding ancillary revenues not derived from our resorts, such as management fee revenue. We believe Owned Resort EBITDA is also helpful to investors that use it in estimating the value of our resort portfolio. Management uses these measures to monitor property-level performance and profitability. 
 Our non-U.S. GAAP financial measures are not substitutes for revenue, net income or any other measure determined in accordance with U.S. GAAP. There are limitations to the utility of non-U.S. GAAP financial measures, such as Adjusted EBITDA. 
 41 

Table of Contents 

 For example, other companies in our industry may define Adjusted EBITDA differently than we do. As a result, it may be difficult to use Adjusted EBITDA or similarly named non-U.S. GAAP financial measures that other companies publish to compare the performance of those companies to our performance. Because of these limitations, our non-U.S. GAAP financial measures should not be considered as a measure of the income or loss generated by our business or discretionary cash available for investment in our business, and investors should carefully consider our U.S. GAAP results presented. 
 For a reconciliation of EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA and Owned Resort EBITDA to net income (loss) as computed under U.S. GAAP, see Non-U.S. GAAP Financial Measures. 
 Comparable Non-U.S. GAAP Measures 
 We believe that presenting Adjusted EBITDA, Owned Resort EBITDA, Total Net Revenue, Net Package Revenue, Net Non-package Revenue and Net Direct Expenses on a comparable basis is useful to investors because these measures include only the results of resorts owned and in operation for the entirety of the periods presented and thereby eliminate disparities in results due to the acquisition or disposition of resorts or the impact of resort closures or re-openings in connection with redevelopment or renovation projects. As a result, we believe these measures provide more consistent metrics for comparing the performance of our operating resorts. We calculate Comparable Adjusted EBITDA, Comparable Owned Resort EBITDA, Comparable Total Net Revenue, Comparable Net Package Revenue and Comparable Net Non-package Revenue as the total amount of each respective measure less amounts attributable to non-comparable resorts, by which we mean resorts that were not owned or in operation during some or all of the relevant reporting period. 
 Our comparable portfolio for the year ended December 31, 2022 excludes the following resorts: Hilton La Romana All-Inclusive Resort and Hyatt Ziva and Hyatt Zilara Cap Cana, which were closed for a portion of the third and fourth quarters of 2022 for necessary clean up and repair work as a result of Hurricane Fiona, Dreams Puerto Aventuras, which was sold in February 2021, and Capri Resort, which was sold in June 2021. 
 
 A reconciliation of net income or loss as computed under U.S. GAAP to comparable Adjusted EBITDA is presented in Non-U.S. GAAP Financial Measures, below. For a reconciliation of Comparable Net Package Revenue, Comparable Net Non-package Revenue, Comparable Management Fee Revenue and Comparable Total Net Revenue to total revenue as computed under U.S. GAAP, see Results of Operations. 

42 

Table of Contents 

 Segment Results 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 We evaluate our business segment operating performance using segment Owned Net Revenue and segment Owned Resort EBITDA. The following tables summarize segment Owned Net Revenue and segment Owned Resort EBITDA for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 in thousands) : 
 Year Ended December 31, Increase / Decrease 
 2022 2021 Change 
 Change 
 Owned Net Revenue Yucat n Peninsula 280,161 188,911 91,250 48.3 Pacific Coast 128,210 76,811 51,399 66.9 Dominican Republic 230,972 149,774 81,198 54.2 Jamaica 180,318 97,036 83,282 85.8 Segment Owned Net Revenue 819,661 512,532 307,129 59.9 Other 2,752 974 1,778 182.5 Management Fee Revenue 3,828 2,291 1,537 67.1 Total Net Revenue 826,241 515,797 310,444 60.2 
 
 Year Ended December 31, Increase / Decrease 
 2022 2021 Change 
 Change 
 Owned Resort EBITDA Yucat n Peninsula 105,416 59,538 45,878 77.1 Pacific Coast 51,148 23,776 27,372 115.1 Dominican Republic (1) 
 76,854 38,141 38,713 101.5 Jamaica 56,279 14,826 41,453 279.6 Segment Owned Resort EBITDA 289,697 136,281 153,416 112.6 Other corporate (2) 
 (50,906) (39,401) (11,505) 29.2 Management Fee Revenue 3,828 2,291 1,537 67.1 Total Adjusted EBITDA 242,619 99,171 143,448 144.6 
 __________ 
 (1) Owned Resort EBITDA in the Dominican Republic segment for the year ended December 31, 2022 includes 7.2 million of business interruption insurance recoveries for unavoidable operating costs, net of our deductible, incurred while our resorts were temporarily closed due to the impact of Hurricane Fiona. 
 (2) Other corporate includes million of revenue generated by The Playa Collection for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 For a reconciliation of segment Owned Net Revenue and segment Owned Resort EBITDA to total revenue and net income or loss, respectively, each as computed under U.S. GAAP, see Note 18 to our Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 43 

Table of Contents 

 Yucat n Peninsula 
 The following tables set forth information with respect to our Occupancy, Net Package ADR, Net Package RevPAR, Net Package Revenue, Net Non-package Revenue, Owned Net Revenue, Owned Resort EBITDA and Owned Resort EBITDA Margin for our Yucat n Peninsula segment for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 for the total segment portfolio and comparable segment portfolio: 
 Total Portfolio 
 Year Ended December 31, Increase / Decrease 
 2022 2021 Change Change Occupancy 76.3 56.0 20.3 pts 36.3 Net Package ADR 406.55 335.48 71.07 21.2 Net Package RevPAR 310.24 187.92 122.32 65.1 in thousands) Net Package Revenue 240,745 157,633 83,112 52.7 Net Non-package Revenue 39,416 31,278 8,138 26.0 Owned Net Revenue 280,161 188,911 91,250 48.3 Owned Resort EBITDA 105,416 59,538 45,878 77.1 Owned Resort EBITDA Margin 37.6 31.5 6.1 pts 19.4 
 Comparable Portfolio 
 Year Ended December 31, Increase / Decrease 
 2022 2021 Change Change Occupancy 76.3 60.0 16.3 pts 27.2 Net Package ADR 406.55 337.15 69.40 20.6 Net Package RevPAR 310.24 202.35 107.89 53.3 in thousands) Net Package Revenue 240,745 157,020 83,725 53.3 Net Non-package Revenue 39,384 30,726 8,658 28.2 Owned Net Revenue 280,129 187,746 92,383 49.2 Owned Resort EBITDA 105,212 60,914 44,298 72.7 Owned Resort EBITDA Margin 37.6 32.4 5.2 pts 16.0 
 Segment Comparable Owned Net Revenue . Our Comparable Owned Net Revenue for the year ended December 31, 2022 increased 92.4 million, or 49.2 , compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase was due to the following: 
 Occupancy rate increasing 16.3 percentage points compared to the year ended December 31, 2021, driven by an increase in demand from guests sourced across all of our major geographies; 
 a 20.6 increase in Comparable Net Package ADR as a result of higher MICE group contribution to our guest mix, the ongoing leisure travel recovery, and pricing discipline to coincide with investments in guest satisfaction at our resorts; 
 an incremental 9.93 favorable Comparable Net Package ADR adjustment as a result of the change in billing methodology of an OTA, which requires Playa to present this revenue gross of commissions under U.S. GAAP. Excluding this adjustment, Comparable Net Package ADR would have been 396.62, a 69.62 or 21.3 increase compared to the year ended December 31, 2021; and 
 an increase in Net Non-package Revenue driven by improvements in our product offering across our resorts and higher guest count. 
 Compared to 2019, Comparable Net Package ADR for the year ended December 31, 2022 increased by 130.01, or 47.0 . Excluding the aforementioned adjustment for the OTA billing methodology, the increase would have been 109.94, or 39.8 . 
 Segment Comparable Owned Resort EBITDA. Our Comparable Owned Resort EBITDA for the year ended December 31, 2022 increased 44.3 million, or 72.7 , compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase was a result of the on-going revenue recovery, particularly the strong Comparable Net Package ADR increases and Owned Resort EBITDA Margin expansion of 5.2 percentage points. Owned Resort EBITDA Margin expansion was driven by less inflationary pressure on food and beverage costs, 
 44 

Table of Contents 

 partially offset by higher labor costs and the timing of brand franchise fees and sales and marketing expenses. The increase in franchise fees was partially driven by the conversion of the Wyndham properties at the end of 2021. 
 Compared to the same period in 2019, for our current comparable portfolio of resorts in the Yucat n, which excludes the Dreams Puerto Aventuras and Capri Resort, Comparable Owned Resort EBITDA for the year ended December 31, 2022 increased by 33.7 million, or 47.1 . Comparable Owned Resort EBITDA Margin for the year ended December 31, 2022 increased by 0.9 percentage points, partially due to the renovations at the Hilton Playa del Carmen All-Inclusive Resort which affected our 2019 results. 
 Pacific Coast 
 The following tables set forth information with respect to our Occupancy, Net Package ADR, Net Package RevPAR, Net Package Revenue, Net Non-package Revenue, Owned Net Revenue, Owned Resort EBITDA and Owned Resort EBITDA Margin for our Pacific Coast segment for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 for the total segment portfolio: 
 Year Ended December 31, Increase / Decrease 
 2022 2021 Change Change Occupancy 71.9 53.7 18.2 pts 33.9 Net Package ADR 460.25 362.28 97.97 27.0 Net Package RevPAR 331.03 194.53 136.50 70.2 in thousands) Net Package Revenue 111,885 65,751 46,134 70.2 Net Non-package Revenue 16,325 11,060 5,265 47.6 Owned Net Revenue 128,210 76,811 51,399 66.9 Owned Resort EBITDA 51,148 23,776 27,372 115.1 Owned Resort EBITDA Margin 39.9 31.0 8.9 pts 28.7 
 Segment Owned Net Revenue . Our Owned Net Revenue for the year ended December 31, 2022 increased 51.4 million, or 66.9 , compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase was due to the following: 
 Occupancy rate increasing 18.2 percentage points for the year ended December 31, 2022, driven by an increase in demand from United States sourced guests and higher group room nights, which rose 24.4 versus the same period in 2019; 
 a 27.0 increase in Net Package ADR as a result of higher MICE group contribution to our guest mix, the ongoing leisure travel recovery, and pricing discipline to coincide with investments in guest satisfaction at our resorts; 
 an incremental 6.97 favorable Net Package ADR adjustment as a result of the change in billing methodology of an OTA, which requires Playa to present this revenue gross of commissions under U.S. GAAP. Excluding this adjustment, Net Package ADR would have been 453.29, a 102.45 or 29.2 increase compared to the year ended December 31, 2021; and 
 an increase in Net Non-package Revenue driven by improvements in our product offering across our resorts and higher guest count. 
 Compared to the same period in 2019, Net Package ADR for the year ended December 31, 2022 increased by 175.26, or 61.5 . Excluding the aforementioned adjustment for the OTA billing methodology, the increase would have been 156.86, or 55.0 . 
 Segment Owned Resort EBITDA . Our Owned Resort EBITDA for the year ended December 31, 2022 increased 27.4 million, or 115.1 , compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase was a result of the on-going revenue recovery, particularly the strong Net Package ADR increases and Owned Resort EBITDA Margin expansion of 8.9 percentage points. Owned Resort EBITDA Margin was driven by less inflationary pressure on utilities and food and beverage costs and timing of sales and marketing expenses. Owned Resort EBITDA Margins were negatively impacted by the timing of brand franchise fee expenses. 
 Compared to the same period in 2019, Owned Resort EBITDA for the year ended December 31, 2022 increased by 19.5 million, or 61.8 , and Owned Resort EBITDA Margin increased by 2.8 percentage points. 
 45 

Table of Contents 

 Dominican Republic 
 The following tables set forth information with respect to our Occupancy, Net Package ADR, Net Package RevPAR, Net Package Revenue, Net Non-package Revenue, Owned Net Revenue, Owned Resort EBITDA and Owned Resort EBITDA Margin for our Dominican Republic segment for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 for the total segment portfolio and comparable segment portfolio: 
 Total Portfolio 
 Year Ended December 31, Increase / Decrease 
 2022 2021 Change Change 
 Occupancy 68.1 49.0 19.1 pts 39.0 Net Package ADR 294.20 262.86 31.34 11.9 Net Package RevPAR 200.37 128.73 71.64 55.7 in thousands) Net Package Revenue 193,369 124,231 69,138 55.7 Net Non-package Revenue 37,603 25,543 12,060 47.2 Owned Net Revenue 230,972 149,774 81,198 54.2 Owned Resort EBITDA (1) 
 76,854 38,141 38,713 101.5 Owned Resort EBITDA Margin (1) 
 33.3 25.5 7.8 pts 30.6 
 __________ 
 (1) Segment Owned Resort EBITDA and Owned Resort EBITDA Margin includes 7.2 million of business interruption insurance recoveries for unavoidable operating costs, net of our deductible, incurred while our resorts were temporarily closed due to the impact of Hurricane Fiona. Without this adjustment, Owned Resort EBITDA would have been 69.6 million and Owned Resort EBITDA Margin would have been 30.1 , an impact of 3.2 percentage points. 
 Comparable Portfolio 
 Year Ended December 31, Increase / Decrease 
 2022 2021 Change Change 
 Occupancy 76.2 46.5 29.7 pts 63.9 Net Package ADR 163.92 145.62 18.30 12.6 Net Package RevPAR 124.95 67.70 57.25 84.6 in thousands) Net Package Revenue 51,081 27,677 23,404 84.6 Net Non-package Revenue 12,108 7,171 4,937 68.8 Owned Net Revenue 63,189 34,848 28,341 81.3 Owned Resort EBITDA 11,936 2,246 9,690 431.4 Owned Resort EBITDA Margin 18.9 6.4 12.5 pts 195.3 
 Segment Comparable Owned Net Revenue . Our Comparable Owned Net Revenue for the year ended December 31, 2022 increased 28.3 million, or 81.3 , compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase was due to the following: 
 Occupancy rate increasing 29.7 percentage points for the year ended December 31, 2022, driven by an increase in demand from the United States, European and Canadian sourced guests; and 
 a 12.6 increase in Comparable Net Package ADR as a result of the ongoing leisure travel recovery. 
 Compared to the same period in 2019, for our current comparable portfolio in the Dominican Republic, which excludes the Hilton La Romana All-Inclusive Resort and Hyatt Ziva and Hyatt Zilara Cap Cana, Comparable Net Package ADR for the year ended December 31, 2022 decreased by 21.95, or 11.8 . 
 Segment Comparable Owned Resort EBITDA . Our Comparable Owned Resort EBITDA for the year ended December 31, 2022 increased 9.7 million, or 431.4 , compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase was a result of the on-going revenue recovery, particularly the strong Comparable Net Package ADR increases and Comparable Owned Resort EBITDA Margin expansion of 12.5 percentage points, which was driven by less inflationary pressure on utilities and food and beverage costs and timing of sales and marketing expenses. 
 46 

Table of Contents 

 Compared to the same period in 2019, for our current comparable portfolio in the Dominican Republic, which excludes the Hilton La Romana All-Inclusive Resort and Hyatt Ziva and Hyatt Zilara Cap Cana, Comparable Owned Resort EBITDA for the year ended December 31, 2022 decreased by 5.8 million, or 32.8 , and Comparable Owned Resort EBITDA Margin decreased by 7.8 percentage points. 
 Jamaica 
 The following tables set forth information with respect to our Occupancy, Net Package ADR, Net Package RevPAR, Net Package Revenue, Net Non-package Revenue, Owned Net Revenue, Owned Resort EBITDA and Owned Resort EBITDA Margin for our Jamaica segment for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 for the total segment portfolio: 
 Year Ended December 31, Increase / Decrease 
 2022 2021 Change Change 
 Occupancy 73.6 47.9 25.7 pts 53.7 Net Package ADR 385.88 312.97 72.91 23.3 Net Package RevPAR 284.13 149.93 134.20 89.5 in thousands) Net Package Revenue 148,093 78,145 69,948 89.5 Net Non-package Revenue 32,225 18,891 13,334 70.6 Owned Net Revenue 180,318 97,036 83,282 85.8 Owned Resort EBITDA 56,279 14,826 41,453 279.6 Owned Resort EBITDA Margin 31.2 15.3 15.9 pts 103.9 
 Segment Owned Net Revenue . Our Owned Net Revenue for the year ended December 31, 2022 increased 83.3 million, or 85.8 , compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase was due to the following: 
 Occupancy rate increasing 25.7 percentage points for the year ended December 31, 2022, driven by an increase in demand from guests sourced across all our major geographies and MICE groups, along with local governments easing COVID-19 related restrictions during the second quarter of 2022; 
 a 23.3 increase in Net Package ADR as a result of higher MICE group contribution to our guest mix, the ongoing leisure travel recovery, and pricing discipline to coincide with investments in guest satisfaction at our resorts; and 
 an increase in Net Non-package Revenue driven by improvements in our product offering across our resorts and higher guest count. 
 Compared to the same period in 2019, for our current comparable portfolio in Jamaica, which excludes the Jewel Dunn s River Beach Resort Spa and Jewel Runaway Bay Beach Resort Waterpark, Comparable Net Package ADR for the year ended December 31, 2022 increased by 69.31, or 21.9 . 
 Segment Owned Resort EBITDA . Our Owned Resort EBITDA for the year ended December 31, 2022 increased 41.5 million, or 279.6 , compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase was a result of the on-going revenue recovery, particularly the strong Net Package ADR increases and Owned Resort EBITDA Margin expansion of 15.9 percentage points. Owned Resort EBITDA Margin expansion was driven by less inflationary pressure on utilities and food and beverage costs, partially offset by the timing of brand franchise fees and sales and marketing expenses. 
 Compared to the same period in 2019, for our current comparable portfolio in Jamaica, which excludes the Jewel Dunn s River Beach Resort Spa and Jewel Runaway Bay Beach Resort Waterpark, Comparable Owned Resort EBITDA for the year ended December 31, 2022 increased by 10.9 million, or 24.3 , and Comparable Owned Resort EBITDA Margin increased by 1.7 percentage points. 
 47 

Table of Contents 

 Non-U.S. GAAP Financial Measures 
 Reconciliation of Net Income to Adjusted EBITDA (Earnings Before Interest, Taxes, Depreciation and Amortization) 
 The following is a reconciliation of our U.S. GAAP net income or loss to EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 in thousands ): 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Net income (loss) 56,706 (89,682) (262,370) Interest expense 64,164 71,378 81,942 Income tax benefit (5,553) (7,403) (10,973) Depreciation and amortization expense 78,372 81,508 92,570 EBITDA 193,689 55,801 (98,831) Other (expense) income (a) 
 (3,857) 1,471 1,164 Share-based compensation 11,892 13,163 10,158 Transaction expense (b) 
 15,110 1,321 2,497 Severance expense (c) 
 1,756 3,844 Other tax expense (d) 
 502 617 613 Contract termination fees 400 Loss on extinguishment of debt 18,307 Impairment loss 24,011 55,619 Loss on sale of assets 6 676 2,021 Repairs from hurricanes and tropical storms (e) 
 8,074 475 1,542 Non-service cost components of net periodic pension (cost) benefit (1,104) (520) 200 Adjusted EBITDA 242,619 99,171 (21,173) Other corporate (f) 
 50,906 39,401 36,066 Management Fee Revenue (3,828) (2,291) (807) Owned Resort EBITDA 289,697 136,281 14,086 Less: Non-comparable Owned Resort EBITDA (g) 
 65,122 34,519 (6,631) Comparable Owned Resort EBITDA 224,575 101,762 20,717 
 ________ 
 (a) Represents changes in foreign exchange rates and other miscellaneous non-operating expenses or income. 
 (b) Represents expenses incurred in connection with corporate initiatives, such as: system implementations; debt refinancing costs; other capital raising efforts; and strategic initiatives, like the launch of a new resort or possible expansion into new markets. For the year ended December 31, 2022, our transaction expenses included 12.9 million of costs specifically related to our debt refinancing in December 2022. 
 (c) Includes severance expenses for employee terminations resulting from non-recurring or unusual events, such as the departure of an executive officer or the disposition of a resort. It does not include severance expenses for employee terminations resulting from our ongoing resort operations. 
 (d) Relates primarily to a Dominican Republic asset tax, which is an alternative tax that is similar to income tax in the Dominican Republic. We eliminate this expense from Adjusted EBITDA because it is similar to the income tax provision or benefit we eliminate from our calculation of EBITDA. 
 (e) Includes significant repair and clean-up expenses incurred from natural events which are not expected to be offset by property damage insurance proceeds. It does not include repair and clean-up costs from natural events that are not considered significant. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the repair expenses and other losses related to Hurricane Fiona. 
 (f) For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, represents corporate salaries and benefits of 35.9 million for 2022, 26.4 million for 2021 and 23.3 million for 2020, professional fees of 9.1 million for 2022, 7.4 million for 2021, and 7.4 million for 2020, corporate rent and insurance of 3.9 million for 2022, 3.7 million for 2021, and 3.4 million for 2020, and corporate travel, software licenses, board fees and other miscellaneous corporate expenses of 3.8 million for 2022, 1.9 million for 2021, and 2.0 million for 2020, as well as 1.8 million of revenue generated by The Playa Collection in 2022. 
 (g) Our comparable portfolio for the year ended December 31, 2022 excludes the following resorts: Hilton La Romana All-Inclusive Resort and Hyatt Ziva and Hyatt Zilara Cap Cana, which were closed for a portion of the third and fourth quarters of 2022 for necessary clean up and repair work as a result of Hurricane Fiona, Dreams Puerto Aventuras, which was sold in February 2021, and Capri Resort, which was sold in June 2021. 
 48 

Table of Contents 

 Seasonality 
 The seasonality of the lodging industry and the location of our resorts in Mexico, Jamaica and the Dominican Republic have historically resulted in the greatest demand for our resorts between mid-December and April of each year, yielding higher occupancy levels and package rates during this period. This seasonality in demand has resulted in predictable fluctuations in revenue, results of operations and liquidity, which are consistently higher during the first quarter of each year than in successive quarters. 
 However, the COVID-19 pandemic altered this seasonal trend in 2021 and Net Package ADR was progressively stronger during the second, third and fourth quarters of 2021 than it was in the first quarter of 2021. We saw a return to pre-COVID-19 seasonality trends in 2022. 
 
 Inflation 
 We experienced a higher rate of inflation in our direct resort expenses in 2022 as compared to 2021. Inflation effects were experienced mostly through higher labor costs, food and beverage prices, and utility costs. Although we experienced some improvement in the fourth quarter of 2022, we expect that costs will likely remain elevated at least through the first half of 2023, but it could continue for longer. While we, like most operators of lodging properties, have the ability to adjust room rates to reflect the effects of inflation, competitive pricing pressures may limit our ability to raise room rates to fully offset inflationary cost increases. 
 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Our net cash provided by operating activities for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 158.2 million, representing a significant increase over 2021 as our business continues to recover from the impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic. We believe that our sources of cash, which consist of available cash and cash from operations, together with the available borrowing capacity under our revolving credit facility (the 2022 Revolving Credit Facility and our access to the capital markets, will be adequate to meet our cash requirements, including our contractual obligations, over the next twelve months and beyond. 
 Sources of Cash 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had 283.9 million of available cash, which increased from 270.1 million as of December 31, 2021, excluding restricted cash. The increase in available cash was primarily due to improved performance across our portfolio due to the ongoing recovery from the COVID-19 pandemic. We also benefited from increased vaccination levels, easing of government travel restrictions, and pent-up customer demand for leisure travel, as well as our strategic decision to focus on pricing discipline to coincide with investments in guest satisfaction at our resorts. 
 As of January 31, 2023, we had approximately 288.7 million of available cash, and also had 225.0 million available on our 2022 Revolving Credit Facility. 
 Our primary short-term cash needs are paying operating expenses, maintaining our resorts, and servicing our outstanding indebtedness. We expect to meet our short-term liquidity requirements generally through our existing cash balances, net cash provided by operations, sales of our equity securities or short-term borrowings under our 2022 Revolving Credit Facility. 
 We expect to meet our long-term liquidity requirements generally through the sources of cash available for short-term needs, net cash provided by operations, as well as equity or debt issuances or proceeds from the potential disposal of assets. 
 Cash Requirements 
 Our expected material cash requirements for the twelve months ended December 31, 2023 and thereafter consist of (i) contractually obligated expenditures, including payments of principal and interest; (ii) other essential expenditures, including operating expenses and maintenance of our resorts; and (iii) opportunistic expenditures, including possible property developments, expansions, renovations, repositioning and rebranding projects, potential acquisitions, the repayment of indebtedness and discretionary repurchases of our securities. 
 49 

Table of Contents 

 As of December 31, 2022, we had 115.0 million of scheduled contractual obligations in 2023, which primarily relate to servicing our outstanding debt. Refer to the table below for a summary of our contractual commitments in thousands ): 
 1 Year Due in 1 to 3 years Due in 3 to 5 years Due in Over 5 years Total 2022 Revolving Credit Facility commitment fees (1) 
 891 1,713 1,711 12 4,327 2022 Term Loan principal payments 11,000 22,000 22,000 1,045,000 1,100,000 2022 Term Loan interest payments (2) 
 100,705 171,374 159,400 83,436 514,915 Operating and finance lease obligations 1,535 2,831 2,934 4,543 11,843 Pension obligation 849 1,935 2,182 5,324 10,290 Total contractual obligations 114,980 199,853 188,227 1,138,315 1,641,375 
 ________ 
 (1) The commitment fee, which may range from 0.25 to 0.50 depending on certain leverage ratios, was 0.38 on the 225.0 million undrawn balance of our 2022 Revolving Credit Facility as of December 31, 2022. 
 (2) The interest commitment on our 2022 Term Loan is calculated based on SOFR plus 425 basis points with a 0.50 SOFR floor. Projected interest rates range between 7.04 and 9.16 . Interest payments were calculated using the forecasted one-month forward-looking SOFR curve. 
 In addition, as of December 31, 2022, we estimate that we will incur between 55.0 million and 65.0 million of capital expenditures for 2023, of which 35.0 million to 40.0 million is related to maintenance of our resorts and the remainder relates to return-on-investment oriented projects. 
 We are continuing to monitor our liquidity and we may pursue additional sources of liquidity as needed. The availability of additional liquidity options will depend on the economic and financial environment, our credit, our historical and projected financial and operating performance and continued compliance with financial covenants. If operating conditions do not improve, whether as a result of the current pandemic or a resurgence thereof or for other reasons, we may not be able to maintain our current liquidity position or access additional sources of liquidity at acceptable terms or at all. 
 Financing Strategy 
 We intend to use other financing sources that may be available to us from time to time, including financing from banks, institutional investors or other lenders, such as bridge loans, letters of credit, joint ventures and other arrangements. Future financings may be unsecured or may be secured by mortgages or other interests in our assets. In addition, we may issue publicly or privately placed debt or equity securities. When possible and desirable, we will seek to replace short-term financing with long-term financing. We may use the proceeds from any financings to refinance existing indebtedness, to finance resort projects or acquisitions or for general working capital or other purposes. 
 Our indebtedness may be recourse, non-recourse or cross-collateralized and may be fixed rate or variable rate. If the indebtedness is non-recourse, the obligation to repay such indebtedness will generally be limited to the particular resort or resorts pledged to secure such indebtedness. In addition, we may invest in resorts subject to existing loans secured by mortgages or similar liens on the resorts or may refinance resorts acquired on a leveraged basis. 
 Recent Transactions Affecting Our Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 The following table summarizes our net cash provided by or used in operating activities, investing activities and financing activities for the periods indicated and should be read in conjunction with our Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows and accompanying notes thereto included in the Consolidated Financial Statements in thousands): 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Net cash provided by operating activities 158,230 29,644 Net cash (used in) provided by investing activities (27,149) 73,400 Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities (140,713) 17,673 (Decrease) increase in cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash (9,632) 120,717 
 50 

Table of Contents 

 Cash Flows from Operating Activities 
 Our net cash from operating activities is generated primarily from operating income from our resorts. Our net cash provided by operating activities for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 158.2 million, compared to 29.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 Cash Flows from Investing Activities 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, our net cash used in investing activities was 27.1 million. For the year ended December 31, 2021, our net cash provided by investing activities was 73.4 million. 
 Activity for the year ended December 31, 2022: 
 Purchases of property and equipment, which primarily consisted of maintenance expenditures, of 28.7 million; 
 Property damage insurance proceeds related to the impacts of Hurricane Fiona of 6.4 million; 
 Payment of 4.5 million in key money to the owner of one of our managed resorts; 
 Purchases of intangible assets of 0.5 million; and 
 Net proceeds from the sale of assets of 0.2 million. 
 Activity for the year ended December 31, 2021: 
 Net proceeds from the sale of assets, including the Capri Resort and Dreams Puerto Aventuras, of 89.2 million; 
 Purchases of property and equipment, which primarily consisted of maintenance expenditures, of 17.3 million; 
 Purchases of intangible assets, which primarily related to our integrated enterprise resource planning system, of 0.3 million; and 
 Receipt of key money of 1.9 million in accordance with the terms of our franchise agreements. 
 Capital Expenditures 
 We maintain each of our properties in good repair and condition and in conformity with applicable laws and regulations, franchise and license agreements and management agreements. Capital expenditures made to extend the service life or increase the capacity of our assets, including expenditures for the replacement, improvement or expansion of existing capital assets (i.e., maintenance capital expenditures), differ from ongoing repair and maintenance expense items, which do not in our judgment extend the service life or increase the capacity of assets and are charged to expense as incurred. From time to time, certain of our resorts may be undergoing renovations as a result of our decision to upgrade portions of the resorts, such as guestrooms, public space, meeting space, gyms, spas and/or restaurants, in order to better compete with other resorts in our markets. 
 Cash Flows from Financing Activities 
 Our net cash used in financing activities was 140.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 17.7 million of net cash provided by financing activities for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 Activity for the year ended December 31, 2022: 
 Net proceeds from our new 2022 Term Loan resulting from our December 2022 refinancing of 1,061.5 million; 
 Repayment of the entire outstanding principal balance of our prior Term Loan of 941.9 million due to quarterly principal payments, a 24.4 million mandatory repayment as a result of the sale of Capri Resort in June 2021, and the December 2022 debt refinancing; 
 Repayment of the entire outstanding balance of our Property Loan of 110.0 million; 
 Repayment of the entire outstanding balance of our Term A1 Loan, Term A2 Loan, and Term A3 Loan of 93.3 million; 
 Repurchases of ordinary shares of 44.6 million; and 
 51 

Table of Contents 

 Issuance costs of debt for the December 2022 refinancing of 6.8 million. 
 Activity for the year ended December 31, 2021: 
 Net proceeds from our January 2021 equity issuance of 137.7 million; 
 Principal payments on our Term Loan, including the repayments as a result of the sale of Capri Resort, of 34.5 million; and 
 Repayments on our Revolving Credit Facility of 84.7 million. 
 Share Repurchases and Dividends 
 In December 2018, our Board established a 100.0 million share repurchase program, pursuant to which we may repurchase our outstanding ordinary shares as market conditions and our liquidity warrant. Our Board reauthorized and renewed the repurchase authorization in September 2022 so that there was again 100.0 million available under the program. The repurchase program is subject to certain limitations under Dutch law, including the existing repurchase authorization granted by our shareholders. Repurchases may be made from time to time in the open market, in privately negotiated transactions or by other means (including Rule 10b5-1 trading plans). Depending on market conditions and other factors, these repurchases may be commenced or suspended from time to time without prior notice. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we repurchased 7,838,992 ordinary shares under the program at an average price of 5.90 per share. During the year ended December 31, 2021, we did not repurchase any shares under the repurchase program. As of December 31, 2022, we had approximately 53.7 million remaining under our share repurchase program. 
 On February 9, 2023, our Board of Directors authorized a new 200.0 million share repurchase program, replacing the recent 100.0 million repurchase authorization announced in September 2022. 
 No cash dividends were paid for the year ended December 31, 2022. We also do not plan on paying cash dividends on our ordinary shares in the foreseeable future. 
 2022 Senior Secured Credit Facility 
 As of December 31, 2022, our total debt obligations were 1,105.7 million, which represents the 1,100.0 million principal amount outstanding under our 2022 Term Loan and 2022 Revolving Credit Facility, which together comprise our 2022 Senior Secured Credit Facility, and 5.7 million finance lease obligation, excluding 32.4 million of issuance discounts and 7.8 million of unamortized debt issuance costs. 
 For discussion of our debt obligations, refer to Note 13 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 Fair Value of Financial Instruments 
 Our financial instruments consist of cash and cash equivalents, restricted cash, trade and other receivables, accounts receivable from related parties, certain prepayments and other assets, trade and other payables, payables to related parties, derivative financial instruments, other liabilities, including our pension obligation, and debt. See Note 15, Fair value of financial instruments, to our Consolidated Financial Statements for more information. 
 
 Related Party Transactions 
 See Note 6, Related party transactions, to our Consolidated Financial Statements for information on these transactions. 
 
 Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 Our Consolidated Financial Statements included herein have been prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP. The preparation of these financial statements requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts and related disclosures. A number of our significant accounting policies are critical due to the fact that they involve a significant level of estimation uncertainty and have had or area reasonable likely to have a material impact on our financial condition or results of operations. We believe our estimates, assumptions and judgments with respect to such policies are reasonable based upon information presently available. However, actual results may differ significantly from these estimates under different assumptions, judgments or conditions, which could have a material effect on our financial position, results of operations and related disclosures. 
 52 

Table of Contents 

 Property and equipment, net - Estimating useful lives of property and equipment 
 Property and equipment are recorded at cost and depreciated using the straight-line method over an estimated useful life of five to 50 years for buildings, seven to 18 years for fixtures and machinery and four to 12 years for furniture and other fixed assets. 
 We are required to apply judgment in determining the estimated useful lives of our property and equipment for purposes of calculating the amount of depreciation expense to record each year with respect to the assets. Changes to the significant assumptions or estimates of useful lives could materially affect our results of operations; however, there were no significant changes to our estimates of useful lives during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 Property and equipment, net - Estimates related to the impairment of property and equipment 
 We are required to apply judgment in determining whether indicators of impairment are present at one or more of our asset groups, or resorts. The determination as to whether a triggering event exists is based on our knowledge of the industry, historical experience, market and economic conditions, the business climate, our operations and other relevant facts and circumstances as of the assessment date. If we determine that an indicator is present, we compare the carrying amount of the asset group to the estimated undiscounted future cash flows and measure the amount of the impairment loss by comparing the carrying amount of the asset to its estimated fair value. 
 Judgment is also required in estimating the fair value of our resorts when quantitatively assessing an asset group for impairment. When determining fair value, we generally rely on discounted cash flow models. Under the discounted cash flow approach, we utilize various assumptions and estimates including projections of revenues and expenses based on estimated long-term growth rates and discount rates based on the weighted-average cost of capital. Our estimates of long-term growth and costs are based on historical data as well as various internal projections and external sources. The weighted-average cost of capital is estimated based on each resort's cost of debt and equity and a selected capital structure. 
 As of December 31, 2022, incorporating a 5.0 decline in our underlying undiscounted future cash flow projections would not result in the estimated cash flows falling below the carrying value for any of our asset groups. 
 
 Income taxes - Estimates related to tax liabilities and realization of deferred tax assets 
 We recognize deferred tax assets and liabilities based on the differences between the financial statement bases and tax bases of our assets and liabilities using currently enacted tax rates for the period in which the deferred tax items are expected to reverse. Significant judgment is required in the calculation of our tax provision and the resulting tax liabilities as well as our ability to realize our deferred tax assets. Our estimates of future taxable income can significantly affect our tax provision in a given period. Significant judgment is required in determining our ability to realize our deferred tax assets related to federal, state and foreign tax attributes within their carryforward periods, as we estimate the amount and timing of the future reversal of deferred tax items in our projections of future taxable income. We establish a valuation allowance to reduce deferred tax assets to the amounts we expect to realize in the future. 
 We recognize income tax positions only when we estimate that it is more likely than not that the position will be sustainable based on its technical merits. Assumptions, judgment and the use of estimates are required in determining if the more likely than not standard has been met when developing our provision for income taxes. Changes to the assessment of the more likely than not standard could materially impact our Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Goodwill - Estimates related to the impairment of goodwill 
 Goodwill is reviewed for impairment annually, or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate a potential impairment. 
 We are required to apply judgment in determining whether indicators of impairment are present at one or more of our reporting units. The determination as to whether a triggering event exists is based on our knowledge of the industry, historical experience, market and economic conditions, the business climate and other relevant facts and circumstances as of the assessment date. 
 Judgment is also required in estimating the fair value of our reporting units. Under the discounted cash flow approach, we utilize various assumptions and estimates including projections of revenues and expenses based on estimated growth rates and discount rates based on the weighted-average cost of capital. Our estimates of growth and costs are based on historical data as well as various internal projections and external sources. The weighted-average cost of capital is estimated based on each reporting unit's cost of debt and equity and a selected capital structure. Under the market transaction approach, we rely on assumptions and estimates including comparable asset sales. 
 53 

Table of Contents 

 Changes in the estimates and assumptions used in our qualitative or quantitative goodwill impairment testing could result in future impairment losses, which could be material to our results of operations. 
 
 Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
 See the recent accounting pronouncements in the Accounting standards section of Note 2 to our Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 
 In the normal course of operations, we are exposed to interest rate risk and foreign currency risk which may impact future income and cash flows. 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 The risk from market interest rate fluctuations mainly affects long-term debt bearing interest at a variable interest rate. As of December 31, 2022, 100 of our outstanding indebtedness bore interest at floating rates, as our 2022 Term Loan incurs interest based on SOFR plus a margin of 4.25 . 
 If market rates of interest on our SOFR-based floating rate debt were to increase by 1.0 , the increase in interest expense on our floating rate debt would decrease our future earnings and cash flows by approximately 11.0 million annually, assuming the balance outstanding under our 2022 Revolving Credit Facility remained at 0 million. 
 If market rates of interest on our SOFR-based floating rate debt were to decrease by 1.0 , the decrease in interest expense on our floating rate debt would increase our future earnings and cash flows by approximately 11.0 million annually, assuming the balance outstanding under our 2022 Revolving Credit Facility remained at 0 million. 
 At this time, we do not have any outstanding derivatives or other financial instruments designed to hedge our interest rate risk on our 2022 Term Loan. 
 Our outstanding interest rate swaps are designed to offset changes in LIBOR. We do not have any significant interest rate risk related to changes in LIBOR. LIBOR is currently more than 1.0 above the fixed rate paid by us of 2.85 and our interest rate swaps will mature on March 31, 2023. 
 Foreign Currency Risk 
 We are exposed to exchange rate fluctuations because all of our resort investments are based in locations where the local currency is not the U.S. dollar, which is our reporting currency. For the year ended December 31, 2022 approximately 2 of our revenues were denominated in currencies other than the U.S. dollar. As a result, our revenues reported on our Consolidated Statements of Operations are affected by movements in exchange rates. 
 Approximately 75 of our resort-level operating expenses for the year ended December 31, 2022 were denominated in the local currencies in the countries in which we operate. As a result, our operating expenses reported on our Consolidated Statements of Operations are affected by movements in exchange rates. The foreign currencies in which our expenses are primarily denominated are the Mexican Peso, Dominican Peso and the Jamaican Dollar. 
 The effect of an immediate 5.0 adverse change in foreign exchange rates on Mexican Peso-denominated expenses at December 31, 2022 would have impacted our Owned Resort EBITDA by approximately 9.5 million on a year-to-date basis. 
 The effect of an immediate 5.0 adverse change in foreign exchange rates on Dominican Peso-denominated expenses at December 31, 2022 would have impacted our Owned Resort EBITDA by approximately 6.4 million on a year-to-date basis. 
 The effect of an immediate 5.0 adverse change in foreign exchange rates on Jamaican Dollar-denominated expenses at December 31, 2022 would have impacted our Owned Resort EBITDA by approximately 5.2 million on a year-to-date basis. 
 At this time, we do not have any outstanding derivatives or other financial instruments designed to hedge our foreign currency exchange risk. 
 54 

Table of Contents 

 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 
 INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 Consolidated Financial Statements Page Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID No. 
 56 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 202 2 and 202 1 
 59 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 202 2 , 202 1 and 20 20 
 60 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the years ended December 31, 202 2 , 202 1 and 20 20 
 61 
 Consolidated Statements of Shareholders Equity for the years ended December 31, 202 2 , 202 1 and 20 20 
 62 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 202 2 , 202 1 and 20 20 
 63 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 65 
 Financial Statement Schedule Schedule I - Condensed Financial Information of Registrant 
 97 

55 

Table of Contents 

 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of 
 Playa Hotels Resorts N.V. 
 Fairfax, VA 
 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Playa Hotels Resorts N.V. and subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income (loss), shareholders equity, and cash flows, for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes and the schedule listed in the Index at Item 15 (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission and our report dated February 23, 2023, expressed an unqualified opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Critical Audit Matter 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current-period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 Income Tax and Valuation Allowances - Refer to Note 2 and Note 5 to the financial statements 
 Critical Audit Matter Description 
 The Company accounts for income taxes using the asset and liability method, under which the Company recognizes deferred income taxes for the tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts and the tax bases of existing assets and liabilities, as well as for tax loss carryforwards in accordance with ASC 740. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates in effect for the year in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in earnings in the period when the new rate is enacted. The Company provides a valuation allowance against deferred tax assets if it is more likely than not that a portion will not be realized. In assessing whether it is more likely than not that deferred tax assets will be realized, the Company considers all available evidence, both positive and negative, including three-year cumulative earnings/loss and expectations of future available taxable income of the appropriate character by taxing jurisdiction, tax attribute carryback and carry forward periods available for tax reporting 
 56 

Table of Contents 

 purposes, and prudent and feasible tax planning strategies. The Company s valuation allowances were 160 million as of December 31, 2021, and 178 million as of December 31, 2022. The Company released 8.4 million of valuation allowances in 2022. 
 The Company s valuation allowances have historically been material. Additionally, the analysis of valuation allowances is a subjective area of ASC 740 as the analysis includes the weighting of positive and negative evidence that is both objective and subjective in nature. Further, the Company s profitability profile changed in the current year as the Company recovered from the recent years impact of the COVID-19 pandemic. As a result, certain valuation allowances were released in the current year. 
 We identified valuation allowances as a critical audit matter due to the significant judgments and assumptions management utilizes to estimate valuation allowances, including the release of current year valuation allowances that were established in prior years. This requires a high degree of auditor judgment and an increased level of effort, including the need to involve income tax specialists, when performing audit procedures to evaluate the reasonableness of management s judgements and estimates of taxable income. 
 How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit 
 Our audit procedures related to valuation allowances included the following, among others: 
 We tested the design and effectiveness of controls over management's estimates of the realization of the deferred tax assets, including those over the estimates of taxable income and the determination of whether it is more likely than not that the deferred tax assets will be realized prior to expiration. 
 We evaluated the reasonableness of management's assessment of the significance and weighting of negative evidence and positive evidence that is objectively verifiable, particularly, the Company s three-year cumulative income / loss analysis by tax paying component. 
 We evaluated the Company s transfer pricing methodology and the impact to the relevant operating results as part of the above evaluation. 
 With the assistance of our income tax specialists, we assessed the reasonableness of management's estimates of taxable income by considering the four sources of income as prescribed under ASC 740: 
 1. Future reversals of existing taxable temporary differences (i.e., assessing the reasonableness of the Company s estimate of the turning of its most significant deferred tax liabilities) 
 2. Future taxable income exclusion of reversing of temporary differences, leveraging the historic three-year cumulative income / loss analysis. 
 3. Taxable income in prior carryback year(s) 
 4. Tax planning strategies 
 We evaluated whether the estimates of future taxable income were consistent with evidence obtained in other areas of the audit (i.e., forecasted pre-tax income, if source applicable). 
 Based on the above, with the assistance of our income tax specialists, we evaluated management's assessment that sufficient taxable income will likely be generated in the future to realize their net deferred tax assets. 
 We assessed the appropriateness of the timing of any significant valuation allowance accrual or release to determine whether management has accounted for any change in evidence in the appropriate period. 
 We evaluated whether management has included disclosures, beyond those specifically required by ASC 740, that are necessary to achieve the fair presentation of the financial statements as a whole or whether the disclosures are those that are necessary for the financial statements not to be misleading. 
 /s/ 
 
 February 23, 2023 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2014. 
 57 

Table of Contents 

 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of 
 Playa Hotels Resorts N.V. 
 Fairfax, VA 
 Opinion on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 We have audited the internal control over financial reporting of Playa Hotels Resorts N.V. and subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 , based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by COSO. 
 We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated financial state ments as of and for the year ended December 31, 2022, of the Company and our report dated February 23, 2023 , expressed an unqualified opinion on those financial statements. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management's Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 /s/ Deloitte Touche LLP 
 McLean, VA 
 February 23, 2023 
 58 

Table of Contents 

(a) Consolidated Financial Statements 
 Playa Hotels Resorts N.V. 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 in thousands, except share data) 
 As of December 31, 2022 2021 ASSETS Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash Trade and other receivables, net Insurance recoverable Accounts receivable from related parties Inventories Prepayments and other assets Property and equipment, net Derivative financial instruments Goodwill, net Other intangible assets Deferred tax assets Total assets LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY Trade and other payables Payables to related parties Income tax payable Debt Related party debt Derivative financial instruments Other liabilities Deferred tax liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies (see Note 7) Shareholders' equity Ordinary shares (par value ; shares authorized, shares issued and shares outstanding as of December 31, 2022, and shares issued and shares outstanding as of December 31, 2021) 
 Treasury shares (at cost, shares as of December 31, 2022 and shares as of December 31, 2021) 
 ) ) Paid-in capital Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Accumulated deficit ) ) Total shareholders' equity Total liabilities and shareholders' equity 
 
 The accompanying Notes form an integral part of the Consolidated Financial Statements . 
 59 

Table of Contents 

 Playa Hotels Resorts N.V. 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 in thousands, except share data) 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Revenue Package Non-package Management fees Cost reimbursements Total revenue Direct and selling, general and administrative expenses Direct Selling, general and administrative Depreciation and amortization Reimbursed costs Impairment loss Loss on sale of assets Gain on insurance proceeds ) Business interruption insurance recoveries ) Direct and selling, general and administrative expenses Operating income (loss) ) ) Interest expense ) ) ) Loss on extinguishment of debt ) Other income (expense) ) ) Net income (loss) before tax ) ) Income tax benefit Net income (loss) ) ) Earnings (loss) per share Basic ) ) Diluted ) ) Weighted average number of shares outstanding during the period - Basic Weighted average number of shares outstanding during the period - Diluted 
 
 The accompanying Notes form an integral part of the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 60 

Table of Contents 

 Playa Hotels Resorts N.V. 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) 
 in thousands) 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Net income (loss) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) Gain (loss) on interest rate swaps (see Note 14) ) Release of foreign currency translation reserve related to sale of Capri Resort (see Note 4) Pension obligation (loss) gain, net of tax (see Note 16) ) ) Total other comprehensive income (loss) ) Comprehensive income (loss) ) ) 
 
 The accompanying Notes form an integral part of the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 61 

Table of Contents 

 Playa Hotels Resorts N.V. 
 Consolidated Statements of Shareholders' Equity 
 in thousands, except share data) 
 Ordinary Shares Treasury Shares Paid-In Capital Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Accumulated Deficit Total Shares Amount Shares Amount Balance as of December 31, 2019 ) ) ) Net loss ) ) Other comprehensive loss ) ) Equity issuance, net (see Note 9) Share-based compensation, net of tax withholdings ) Repurchase of ordinary shares ) ) ) Balance at December 31, 2020 ) ) ) Cumulative effect of accounting changes, net of tax ) ) Balance at January 1, 2021 ) ) ) Net loss ) ) Other comprehensive income Equity issuance, net (see Note 9) Share-based compensation, net of tax withholdings ) Balance at December 31, 2021 ) ) ) Net income Other comprehensive income Share-based compensation Repurchase of ordinary shares ) ) ) Balance at December 31, 2022 ) ) ) 
 
 The accompanying Notes form an integral part of the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 62 

Table of Contents 

 Playa Hotels Resorts N.V. 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 in thousands) 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES Net income (loss) ) ) Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Amortization of debt discount and issuance costs Loss on extinguishment of debt Share-based compensation (Gain) loss on derivative financial instruments ) ) Impairment loss Deferred income taxes ) ) ) Loss on sale of assets Amortization of key money ) ) ) (Recovery of) provision for doubtful accounts ) ) Other ) Changes in assets and liabilities: Trade and other receivables, net ) ) Insurance recoverable ) Accounts receivable from related parties ) ) Inventories ) ) Prepayments and other assets ) ) Trade and other payables ) Payables to related parties ) Income tax payable ) Other liabilities ) ) Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities ) INVESTING ACTIVITIES Capital expenditures ) ) ) Purchase of intangibles ) ) ) Receipt of key money Payment of key money ) Proceeds from the sale of assets, net Property damage insurance proceeds Net cash (used in) provided by investing activities ) FINANCING ACTIVITIES Proceeds from debt issuance, net of discount Issuance costs of debt ) ) Proceeds from ordinary shares, net of issuance costs Repayment of debt ) ) ) Repayment of debt from related parties ) ) Proceeds from borrowings on revolving credit facility Repayments of borrowings on revolving credit facility ) ) Repurchase of ordinary shares ) ) Repurchase of ordinary shares for tax withholdings ) ) Principal payments on finance lease obligations ) ) ) Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities ) (DECREASE) INCREASE IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS ) CASH, CASH EQUIVALENTS AND RESTRICTED CASH, BEGINNING OF THE PERIOD CASH, CASH EQUIVALENTS AND RESTRICTED CASH, END OF THE PERIOD 
 63 

Table of Contents 

 Playa Hotels Resorts N.V. 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (Continued) 
 in thousands) 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 RECONCILIATION OF CASH, CASH EQUIVALENTS AND RESTRICTED CASH Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash TOTAL CASH, CASH EQUIVALENTS AND RESTRICTED CASH 
 
 SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURES OF CASH FLOW INFORMATION Cash paid for interest Cash paid for income taxes, net SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURES OF NON-CASH ACTIVITIES Capital expenditures incurred but not yet paid Intangible assets capitalized but not yet paid Repurchase of ordinary shares not yet settled Par value of vested restricted share awards Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for new operating lease liabilities Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for new finance lease liabilities Termination of right-of-use asset and operating lease liability 
 The accompanying Notes form an integral part of the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 64 

Table of Contents 

 Playa Hotels Resorts N.V. 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 Note 1. 
 resorts located in Mexico, the Dominican Republic and Jamaica. Unless otherwise indicated or the context requires otherwise, references in our consolidated financial statements (our Consolidated Financial Statements to we, our, us and similar expressions refer to Playa and its subsidiaries. 

Note 2. 

65 

Table of Contents 

 We recognized foreign currency losses of million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 to years 
 Fixtures and machinery to years 
 Furniture and other fixed assets to years 
 
 The assets estimated useful lives and residual values are reviewed at the end of each reporting period, with the effect of any changes in estimates accounted for on a prospective basis. 
 We did recognize any impairment losses on property and equipment for the year ended December 31, 2022. For the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, we recognized impairment losses on property and equipment of million and million, respectively. 

66 

Table of Contents 

 goodwill impairment was recognized for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. We recognized million of goodwill impairment for the year ended December 31, 2020. 
 When evaluating goodwill for potential impairment, we are permitted to first assess qualitative factors to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of the reporting unit is less than its carrying amount. If we cannot determine qualitatively that the fair value is in excess of the carrying value, or if we decide to bypass the qualitative assessment for any reporting unit in any period, we perform a quantitative analysis. The quantitative test is used to identify both the existence of impairment and the amount of the impairment loss by comparing the estimated fair value of the reporting unit to its carrying value, including goodwill. We generally estimate the fair value of a reporting unit using a combination of the discounted cash flow approach and the market multiple or market transaction approach. If the carrying amount of a reporting unit exceeds its fair value, an impairment loss is recognized in an amount equal to the excess, limited to the total amount of goodwill allocated to the reporting unit. 
 
 impairment was recognized for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 67 

Table of Contents 

 Revenue from operations in the Dominican Republic is net of statutory withholdings for government mandated compulsory tips of million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

68 

Table of Contents 

For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, we recorded advertising costs of million, million and million, respectively. Advertising costs are presented in the Consolidated Statements of Operations within selling, general and administrative expenses. 
 69 

Table of Contents 

Note 3. 
 
 ) Non-package revenue (1) 
 Management fees Cost reimbursements Total revenue 
 
 ________ 
 (1) Non-package revenue within Other includes licensing, marketing and other support fees earned from The Playa Collection, which is a third-party owned and operated membership program. Our revenues from The Playa Collection were million for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 70 

Table of Contents 

 Non-package revenue Management fees Cost reimbursements Total revenue 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2020 Yucat n 
 Peninsula 
 Pacific 
 Coast 
 Dominican 
 Republic 
 Jamaica 
 Other 
 Total 
 Package revenue Non-package revenue Management fees Cost reimbursements Total revenue 
 
 Performance obligations 
 
 We recognize revenues when the performance obligations are satisfied by transferring control of the product or service to our customers as described in Note 2. 
 
 We do not disclose the value of unsatisfied performance obligations for contracts with consideration determined by our performance completed to date or with an expected length of one year or less. Due to the nature of our business, our revenue is not significantly impacted by refunds. Cash payments received in advance of guests staying at our resorts are refunded to resort guests if the guest cancels within the specified time period, before any services are rendered. Refunds related to service are generally recognized as an adjustment to the transaction price at the time the resort stay occurs or services are rendered. 
 Contract costs 
 
 We consider sales commissions earned to be incremental costs of obtaining a contract with our customers. As a practical expedient, we expense these costs as incurred when the period to be benefited is less than one year. We also consider key money payments to be incremental costs of obtaining management contracts. These costs are capitalized within prepayments and other assets and amortized on a straight-line basis over the term of the management agreement (see Note 17). 
 71 

Table of Contents 

 Note 4. 
 Fixtures and machinery (1) 
 Furniture and other fixed assets Construction in progress Total property and equipment, gross Accumulated depreciation ) ) Total property and equipment, net 
 ________ 
 (1) Includes the gross balance of our finance lease right-of-use assets of million (see Note 8). Amortization expense for our finance lease assets was million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 Depreciation expense for property and equipment was million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, we did capitalize any interest expense. 
 Hurricane Fiona 
 On September 19, 2022, Hurricane Fiona, a Category 1 hurricane, made landfall on the eastern coast of the Dominican Republic and caused non-structural damage to the Hyatt Ziva and Hyatt Zilara Cap Cana, Hilton La Romana All-Inclusive Resort, Jewel Punta Cana and Jewel Palm Beach resorts. As a result of the hurricane, the Hyatt Ziva and Hyatt Zilara Cap Cana and Hilton La Romana All-Inclusive Resort were temporarily closed beginning in late September for necessary clean-up and repairs but have since reopened and were fully operational since November 2022. Our insurance policies provide coverage for business interruption, including lost profits, and reimbursement for costs related to the property damages and losses we have incurred. 
 As a result of Hurricane Fiona, we incurred million of estimated clean-up and repair expenses and million to write off damaged property and equipment and inventory, which were offset with our expected property damage insurance recoveries of million. The net expense due to property damage is recorded within selling, general, and administrative expense in the Consolidated Statements of Operations for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 We also incurred million of unavoidable operating costs while the resorts were temporarily closed, which are included in direct expense and selling, general, and administrative expense. We expect to recover million of unavoidable operating costs through insurance, after applying our deductible, which are included in business interruption insurance recoveries in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 We received property damage insurance proceeds of million in the fourth quarter of 2022 and million of business interruption and property damage insurance proceeds in January and February 2023. We expect to receive the remaining proceeds in the first half of 2023. 
 The property we manage in the Dominican Republic, Sanctuary Cap Cana, also sustained damage from Hurricane Fiona and was temporarily closed in late September for necessary clean-up and repairs. The resort reopened on January 20, 2023. 
 Sale of Capri Resort 
 
 On March 31, 2021, we entered into an agreement to sell our equity interest in the Capri Resort, which was reported within our Yucat n Peninsula reportable segment, for million in cash consideration. Upon entering into the agreement, we classified the resort and related deferred tax liabilities as held for sale and recorded an impairment loss of million based on the sale price. 
 
 On June 24, 2021, we completed the sale, received total cash consideration of million, after customary closing costs, and recognized a loss of million within loss on sale of assets in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. We utilized of the Capri Resort's net proceeds of million, after deducting incremental expenses, to repay a portion of our Term Loan on June 29, 
 72 

Table of Contents 

 months following the sale, were required to be used to repay our Term Loan in December 2022. However, as we refinanced our Term Loan in December 2022 and Capri Resort was no longer in the collateral pool, no additional repayment was necessary. 
 Sale of Dreams Puerto Aventuras 
 
 On November 3, 2020, we entered into an agreement to sell the Dreams Puerto Aventuras, which was reported within our Yucat n Peninsula reportable segment, for million in cash consideration. Upon entering into the agreement, we recorded an impairment loss of million based on the sale price. 
 
 On February 5, 2021, we completed the sale and received total cash consideration of million, after customary closing costs. The net proceeds from the sale, after deducting incremental expenses and capital expenditures incurred across our portfolio for up to months following the sale, would have been required to be used to repay our Term Loan in February 2023. However, as we refinanced our Term Loan in December 2022 and the Dreams Puerto Aventuras is no longer in the collateral pool, no additional repayment is necessary. 
 
 Note 5. 
 Foreign ) ) Net income (loss) before tax ) ) 
 Foreign ) ) ) Total current income tax provision ) ) ) Deferred Domestic ) Foreign Total deferred income tax benefit Income tax benefit 
 73 

Table of Contents Differences between statutory rate and foreign rates ) ) ) Inflation adjustments ) Nondeductible interest and expenses ) ) ) ) ) Goodwill impairment ) ) Foreign exchange rate differences ) ) ) ) ) Dominican Republic tax classification Dutch and U.S. tax rate change Basis difference in fixed assets ) ) Change in valuation allowance ) ) ) ) ) Other ) ) ) Income tax benefit ) 
 We are domiciled in the Netherlands and are taxed in the Netherlands with our other Dutch subsidiaries. Dutch companies are subject to Dutch corporate income tax at a general tax rate of . 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, we recognized an income tax benefit of million, resulting in an effective tax rate for the year of ) . The 2022 income tax benefit was driven primarily by a million tax benefit associated with inflation adjustments related to our Dominican Republic and Mexico operations and a million tax benefit from our rate-favorable jurisdictions. The 2022 income tax benefit was partially offset by million expense on the tax impact of book income, million tax expense on non-deductible stock compensation and other expenses, million tax expense due to changes in foreign exchange rates, and a million increase in our valuation allowance primarily due to current year losses that are not more likely than not realizable. 
 For the year ended December 31, 2021, we recognized an income tax benefit of million, resulting in an effective tax rate for the year of . The 2021 income tax benefit was driven primarily by a million benefit on the tax impact of book losses, a million tax benefit associated with inflation adjustments, a million tax benefit from our rate-favorable jurisdictions, and a million tax benefit on measurement of deferred tax assets and liabilities pursuant to statutory tax rate changes. The 2021 income tax benefit was partially offset by million of tax expense on non-deductible stock compensation and other expenses, an million tax expense due to changes in foreign exchange rates, a million increase in our valuation allowance, 1 and a million tax expense on other miscellaneous items. 
 For the year ended December 31, 2020, we recognized an income tax benefit of million, resulting in an effective tax rate for the year of . The 2020 income tax benefit was driven primarily by a million benefit on the tax impact of book losses, a million tax benefit associated with inflation adjustments, a million tax benefit on measurement of the Dutch deferred tax assets and liabilities pursuant to the Dutch tax rate change, and a million tax benefit associated with our Dominican Republic entities. The 2020 income tax benefit was partially offset by million of tax expense on non-deductible interest, goodwill and other expenses, a million tax expense due to changes in foreign exchange rates, a million tax expense associated with a newly established basis difference in fixed assets and a million increase in our valuation allowance. 
 We have a taxable presence in a variety of jurisdictions worldwide, most significantly in Mexico, the Netherlands, the U.S., the Dominican Republic and Jamaica. We have been granted certain tax holidays, providing us with temporary income tax exemptions. Specifically, of our entities in the Dominican Republic are under a tax holiday. Playa Romana Mar B.V. and Playa Dominican Resorts B.V. began a year tax exemption period in 2019. 
 
 1 During 2021, we recorded a prior period adjustment that resulted in a million increase to deferred tax assets and a million increase to the valuation allowance at our Dutch legal entities. The adjustment had a net impact to our 2021 income tax expense and has been excluded from the 2021 rate reconciliation. 
 74 

Table of Contents 

 million and valuation allowance increased million and resulted in net financial statement impact. 
 
 On December 15, 2020, the Dutch Senate approved the 2021 tax package. Effective January 1, 2021 the corporate income tax rate for 2021 increased to 25 for amounts in excess of 0.2 million. The adjusted rate increased the carrying value of our deferred tax assets that are offset by a full valuation allowance. Our Netherlands deferred tax assets increased million and valuation allowance increased million and resulted in net financial statement impact. 
 Dominican Republic 
 
 Our Dominican Republic entities are potentially subject to income tax and asset tax. We account for the Dominican Republic hybrid tax expense in accordance with ASC 740, Income Taxes. Our Dominican Republic taxes for the years ended December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020 were determined based upon Advanced Pricing Agreements APA approved by the Ministry of Finance of the Dominican Republic. We have not received any APAs for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 During 2022, our Dominican Republic entities were subject to income tax and asset tax. For the year ended December 31, 2022, we recorded current tax expense of million and deferred tax benefit of million. 
 
 During 2021, our Dominican Republic entities were not subject to income tax. For the year ended December 31, 2021, we recorded a deferred tax benefit of million. 
 
 During 2020, our Dominican Republic entities were not subject to income tax. We projected that they would be subject to income taxes in some of the foreseeable years and computed a hybrid tax rate for our deferred taxes. For the year ended December 31, 2020, we recorded deferred tax benefit of million. 
 Deferred income taxes 
 Deferred income tax balances reflect the effects of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities and their tax bases, as well as net operating losses and tax credit carry-forwards. We measure those balances using the enacted tax rates we expect will be in effect when we pay or recover taxes. Deferred income tax assets represent amounts available to reduce income taxes we will pay on taxable income in future years. We evaluate our ability to realize these future tax deductions and credits by assessing whether we expect to have sufficient future taxable income from all sources, including reversal of taxable temporary differences, forecasted operating earnings and available tax planning strategies to utilize these future deductions and credits. We establish a valuation allowance when we no longer consider it more likely than not that a deferred tax asset will be realized. 
 75 

Table of Contents 

 Trade payables and other accruals Labor liability accrual Lease obligation Interest expense Other assets Net operating losses Total deferred tax asset Valuation allowance ) ) Net deferred tax asset Deferred tax liabilities Accounts receivable and prepayments to vendors Property and equipment Other liabilities Total deferred tax liability Net deferred tax liability ) ) 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had approximately million of foreign net operating loss carryforwards and million of U.S. federal and state net operating loss carryforwards. The ability to utilize the tax net operating losses in any single year ultimately depends upon our ability to generate sufficient taxable income. The foreign net operating loss carryforwards begin to expire in 2024, and the U.S. federal net operating loss carryforwards begin to expire in 2035. An annual limitation may apply to the use of the U.S. operating loss carryforwards under the provisions of the Internal Revenue Code and similar state tax provisions that are applicable if the Company experiences an ownership change. We performed an analysis of the potential limitations on the utilization of net operating losses and determined that they are subject to limitations that would preclude the use of a portion of the net operating losses. 
 We have made no provision for foreign or domestic income taxes on the cumulative unremitted earnings of our subsidiaries. We intend to indefinitely reinvest all foreign earnings and have no intention to repatriate foreign earnings for the foreseeable future, except for repatriation of earnings that can be distributed without incurring significant tax expense.) ) ) December 31, 2021 ) ) ) December 31, 2020 ) ) ) 
 The valuation allowance for each period is used to reduce the deferred tax asset to a more likely than not realizable value. As of December 31, 2022, our valuation allowance relates primarily to net operating loss carryforwards which we do not expect to utilize, most notably in the Netherlands and certain legal entities in Mexico and Jamaica. 
 As of each reporting date, management considers new evidence, both positive and negative, that could affect its view of the future realization of deferred tax assets. As of December 31, 2022, in part because we have achieved three years of cumulative pretax income in the U.S. federal and state tax jurisdictions, as well as in certain foreign jurisdictions, management determined that there is sufficient positive evidence to conclude that it is more likely than not that additional deferred tax assets of million will be realized in future years and released the valuation allowance previously recorded against these deferred tax assets. The change in valuation allowance also includes a net million increase in valuation allowance due to current year activity. 
 76 

Table of Contents 

 uncertain tax positions as of December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 
 Note 6. 
 million in aggregate principal of the 2022 Term Loan (as defined in Note 13). 
 Relationship with HG Vora Capital Management, LLC 
 HG Vora Capital Management, LLC is considered a related party due to its ownership of our ordinary shares and is a lender of million in aggregate principal of the 2022 Term Loan (as defined in Note 13). 
 Lease with our Chief Executive Officer 
 One of our offices is owned by our Chief Executive Officer and we sublease the space at that location from a third party. 
 77 

Table of Contents 

 Sagicor Cost reimbursements (1) 
 Expenses Hyatt Franchise fees (2) 
 Sagicor Insurance premiums (2) 
 Chief Executive Officer Lease expense (3) 
 DKCM Interest expense (4) 
 DKCM Early termination and other fees (5) 
 AMResorts Management fees (2) 
 AMResorts Marketing fees (3) 
 
 ________ 
 (1) Equivalent amount included as reimbursed costs in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 (2) Included in direct expense in the Consolidated Statements of Operations with the exception of certain immaterial fees associated with the Hyatt franchise agreements, which are included in selling, general, and administrative expense. 
 (3) Included in selling, general, and administrative expense in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 (4) Includes interest expense and amortization of deferred financing costs and discounts incurred through the date the Property Loan and Additional Credit Facility were repaid, as well as million of unamortized deferred financing costs and discounts which were written off and included in loss on extinguishment of debt in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 (5) Included in loss on extinguishment of debt in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 
 Note 7. 
 million of value added tax VAT receivable that was recognized in connection with the renovation of the Hyatt Ziva Canc n. During the second quarter of 2022, the tax authorities ruled in our favor resulting in receipt of the VAT and an additional million for interest and inflation since the date the VAT refund was requested. The gain of million is reported within other income (expense) in the Consolidated Statements of Operations for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 Note 8. 
 finance lease arrangements with third-parties for the construction, management and maintenance of thermal energy plants in the Dominican Republic. Refer to further discussion in Note 13. 
 78 

Table of Contents 

 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total minimum future lease payments Less: imputed interest ) ) Total lease liability (1) 
 
 ________ 
 (1) Operating and finance leases are included in other liabilities and debt , respectively, in our Consolidated Balance Sheets . 
 
 Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of lease liabilities Operating cash flows for operating leases Operating cash outflows for finance leases Financing cash outflows for finance leases 
 ________ 
 (1) Includes variable and short term lease expenses. 
 
 The following table presents other relevant information related to our leases as of December 31, 2022: 
 Operating Leases Finance Leases Weighted-average remaining lease term years years Weighted-average discount rate (1) 
 
 ________ 
 (1) The discount rates applied to each operating lease reflect our estimated incremental borrowing rate, which was determined based on lending rates specific to the type of leased real estate. The discount rates applied to our finance leases were implicit in the lease. 
 
 We rent certain real estate to third parties for office and retail space within our resorts. Our lessor contracts are considered operating leases and generally have a contractual term of one to . 
 
 ________ 
 (1) Includes variable lease revenue, which is typically calculated as a percentage of our tenant's net sales. 
 
 Note 9. 
 million share repurchase program, pursuant to which we may repurchase our outstanding ordinary shares as market conditions and our liquidity warrant. Our Board reauthorized and renewed the repurchase authorization in September 2022 so that there was again million available under the program. The repurchase program is subject to certain limitations under Dutch law, including the existing repurchase authorization granted by our shareholders. Repurchases may be made from time to time in the open market, in privately negotiated transactions or by other means (including Rule 10b5-1 trading plans). Depending on market conditions and other factors, these repurchases may be commenced or suspended from time to time without prior notice. 
 79 

Table of Contents 

 and ordinary shares, respectively, under the program at an average price of and per share, respectively. During the year ended December 31, 2021, we did repurchase any shares under the repurchase program. As of December 31, 2022, we had approximately million remaining under our share repurchase program. 
 On June 12, 2020, we issued ordinary shares in a private placement exempt from registration under the Securities Act in connection with our capital raising efforts. We received million in cash consideration, after customary closing costs. 
 On January 11, 2021, we issued ordinary shares in connection with a public equity offering. We received million in cash consideration, net of underwriting discounts and customary closing costs. 
 As of December 31, 2022, our ordinary share capital consisted of ordinary shares outstanding, which have a par value of per share. In addition, restricted shares and restricted share units were outstanding under the 2017 Plan (as defined in Note 11). The holders of restricted shares are entitled to vote, but not dispose of, such shares until they vest. The holders of restricted share units are neither entitled to vote nor dispose of such shares until they vest. 
 
 Note 10. 
 warrants (the Earnout Warrants which entitled the holders to acquire ordinary share for each Earnout Warrant for an exercise price of per ordinary share in the event that the price per share underlying the Earnout Warrants on the Nasdaq was greater than for a period of more than days out of consecutive trading days within the after March 12, 2017. As of December 31, 2021, there were Earnout Warrants outstanding, none of which were exercisable as of such date. On March 12, 2022 , all of the outstanding Earnout Warrants expired by their terms. 
 
 Note 11. 
 shares are authorized and available for grant. As of December 31, 2022, there were shares available for future grants under the 2017 Plan. Compensation expense related to the 2017 Plan is recorded within selling, general and administrative expenses in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 
 Restricted share awards 
 Restricted share awards consist of restricted shares and restricted share units that are granted to eligible employees, executives, and board members and consist of ordinary shares (or the right to receive ordinary shares) subject to restrictions and a risk of forfeiture. Restricted share awards issued to employees and executives generally vest over a period of , where one-third of the award vests on each of the first three anniversaries of the grant date of the award. Restricted shares issued to our directors for their services as directors vest from the grant date of the award. 
 The vesting of restricted share awards is subject to the holder s continued employment through the applicable vesting date. Unvested restricted share awards will be forfeited if the employee s, executive s, or director s employment terminates during the vesting period, provided that unvested restricted share awards will accelerate upon certain terminations of employment as set forth in the applicable award agreements. 
 
 The holders of restricted shares have the right to vote the restricted shares and receive all dividends declared and paid on such shares, provided that dividends paid on unvested restricted shares will be subject to the same conditions and restrictions applicable to the underlying restricted shares. The holders of restricted share units have no right to vote the underlying shares and may be entitled to be credited with dividend equivalents in respect of each cash dividend declared and paid by us, in an amount per share unit equal to the per-share dividend paid on our ordinary shares, which dividend equivalents will be deemed to have been reinvested in additional restricted share units that are subject to the same terms and conditions applicable to the underlying restricted share units to which they relate. 
 
 Compensation expense for restricted share awards is measured based upon the fair market value of our ordinary shares at the date of grant and recognized on a straight-line basis over the vesting period. 
 
 80 

Table of Contents 

 Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Unvested balance at December 31, 2022 
 
 Fair value of vested restricted share awards Share-based compensation expense 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the unrecognized compensation cost related to restricted share awards was million and is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of years. 
 
 Performance share awards 
 Performance share awards consist of ordinary shares that may become earned and vested based on the achievement of performance targets adopted by our Compensation Committee. The actual number of ordinary shares that ultimately vest will range from to of the target award and will be determined at the end of the performance period based on performance criteria as defined in the applicable award agreements for the period of performance. 
 
 Any ordinary shares that ultimately vest based on the achievement of the applicable performance criteria will be deemed to be vested on the date on which our Compensation Committee certifies the level of achievement of such performance criteria. Except in connection with certain qualifying terminations of employment as set forth in the applicable award agreements, the awards require continued service through the certification date. The holders of these awards have voting rights equivalent to the target level of ordinary shares granted to the holder and any dividends declared on such shares will be accumulated and paid within days after and to the extent the target ordinary shares vest. 
 
 81 

Table of Contents 

Adjusted EBITDA Comparison January 4, 2021 Peer Shareholder Return Growth Rate January 4, 2022 Peer Shareholder Return Growth Rate 
 ________ 
 (1) Expected volatility for 2020 and 2021 grants was determined based on the historical share prices in our industry. Expected volatility for 2022 grants was determined based on Playa's historical share prices. 
 (2) The risk-free rate was based on U.S. Treasury zero coupon issues with a remaining term equal to the remaining term of the measurement period. 
 (3) Due to the adverse effects of COVID-19, all outstanding performance share awards were voluntarily waived and forfeited during the fourth quarter of 2020 and accounted for as cancellations under ASC 718. These performance share awards were returned to the pool of shares available for future grants under the 2017 Plan. 
 
 In the table above, the total shareholder return TSR ), peer shareholder return, and growth rate components are market conditions as defined by ASC 718, Compensation Stock Compensation , and compensation expense related to these components is recognized on a straight-line basis over the vesting period. The peer shareholder return component may vest between and of target based on the TSR of our ordinary shares relative to those of our peer group, with the award capped at of target should Playa s TSR be negative. The growth rate component may vest up to of target based on the compound annual growth rate of the price of our ordinary shares. 
 
 The grant date fair value of the portion of the awards based on the compounded annual growth rate of our Adjusted EBITDA (as defined in Note 18) was based on the closing stock price of our ordinary shares on such date. The Adjusted EBITDA component was a performance condition as defined by ASC 718, and, therefore, compensation expense related to this component was reassessed at each reporting date based on our estimate of the probable level of achievement, and the accrual of compensation expense was adjusted as appropriate. 
 
 Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Unvested balance at December 31, 2022 
 
 Fair value of vested performance share awards Share-based compensation expense 
 
 82 

Table of Contents 

 million and is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of years. 
 
 Note 12. 
 ) ) Denominator Denominator for basic EPS - weighted-average number of shares outstanding Effect of dilutive securities Unvested performance share awards Unvested restricted share awards Denominator for diluted EPS - adjusted weighted-average number of shares outstanding EPS - Basic ) ) EPS - Diluted ) ) 
 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, unvested performance share awards of and , respectively, were not included in the computation of diluted EPS after assumed conversions as their effect would have been anti-dilutive. The performance targets of our unvested performance share awards were partially achieved as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. As of December 31, 2020, there were unvested performance share awards. 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, we had anti-dilutive unvested restricted share awards. For the years ended December 31, 2021, and 2020, unvested restricted share awards of and , respectively, were not included in the computation of diluted EPS as their effect would have been anti-dilutive. 
 
 For the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, outstanding Earnout Warrants to acquire a total of ordinary shares were not included in the computation of diluted EPS after assumed conversions because the warrants were not exercisable as of the end of the respective reporting period. On March 12, 2022, all of our outstanding warrants expired and had no impact on diluted EPS for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 83 

Table of Contents 

 Note 13. 
 
 January 5, 2028 2022 Term Loan (2) 
 SOFR + 
 January 5, 2029 Total Senior Secured Credit Facilities (at stated value) Unamortized discount ) Unamortized debt issuance costs ) Total Senior Secured Credit Facilities, net Finance lease obligations (3) 
 Total debt, net 
 Outstanding Balance as of Interest Rate Maturity Date December 31, 2021 Senior Secured Credit Facilities Revolving Credit Facility (1) 
 LIBOR + 
 January 27, 2024 Term Loan (4) 
 LIBOR + 
 April 27, 2024 Term A1 Loan April 27, 2024 Term A2 Loan April 27, 2024 Term A3 Loan (4) 
 LIBOR + 
 April 27, 2024 Total Senior Secured Credit Facilities (at stated value) Unamortized discount ) Unamortized debt issuance costs ) Total Senior Secured Credit Facilities, net Property Loan Property Loan (at stated value) July 1, 2025 Unamortized discount ) Unamortized debt issuance costs ) Total Property Loan, net Finance lease obligations (3) 
 Total debt, net 
 _______ 
 (1) Undrawn balances bear interest between and depending on certain leverage ratios. We had million and million available as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 (2) One-month SOFR was subject to a floor. The effective interest rate for the 2022 Term Loan was as of December 31, 2022. 
 (3) Interest expense for our finance leases was million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 (4) One-month LIBOR was subject to a floor. The effective interest rate for the Term Loan and Term A3 Loan was and , respectively, as of December 31, 2021. Our interest rate swaps fixed LIBOR at on million of our Term Loan (see Note 14). 
 
 84 

Table of Contents 

 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total debt maturities 
 Senior Secured Credit Facility 
 Playa Resorts Holding B.V., a subsidiary of ours, previously held a senior secured credit facility Senior Secured Credit Facility dated as of April 27, 2017, which consisted of a term loan facility that was scheduled to mature on April 27, 2024 Term Loan and a revolving credit facility that was scheduled to mature on January 27, 2024 Revolving Credit Facility ). The Term Loan bore interest at a rate per annum equal to LIBOR plus (where the applicable LIBOR rate has a floor). The Revolving Credit Facility bore interest at LIBOR plus . We were required to pay a commitment fee ranging from to per annum on the average daily undrawn balance of the Revolving Credit Facility. 
 On May 20, 2022, we repaid million of the outstanding balance on our Term Loan in addition to our quarterly principal payments as a result of the sale of the Jewel Dunn s River Beach Resort Spa and Jewel Runaway Bay Beach Resort Waterpark in May 2020. The repayment represented of the net proceeds from the sale, after deducting incremental expenses and capital expenditures incurred across our portfolio for months following the sale. 
 Second Restatement Agreement 
 On December 16, 2022, we entered into the Second Restatement Agreement to amend and restate our Senior Secured Credit Facility (the Restated Credit Facility ). The Restated Credit Facility consists of (i) a million revolving line of credit with a maturity date of January 5, 2028 (the 2022 Revolving Credit Facility and (ii) a billion term loan with a maturity of January 5, 2029 (the 2022 Term Loan and collectively with the 2022 Revolving Credit Facility, the 2022 Senior Secured Credit Facility ). The 2022 Revolving Credit Facility also includes a million subfacility for the issuance of standby letters of credit and million of the 2022 Revolving Credit Facility is available as swingline loans. The Restated Credit Facility includes provisions permitting future increases in the amount of term loans and revolving loan commitments, subject to the agreement of one or more new or existing lenders to provide such additional amounts and certain other customary conditions. 
 The 2022 Term Loan bears interest at our option of either a base rate plus a margin of or SOFR plus a margin of (where the applicable SOFR rate has a floor). The 2022 Revolving Credit Facility bears interest at our option of either a base rate plus a margin ranging from to or SOFR plus a margin ranging from to , in each case, depending on the level of our consolidated secured net leverage ratio in effect from time to time. In addition, under the 2022 Revolving Credit Facility, we will pay an unused commitment fee on the average daily undrawn amount at a rate that varies between and , depending on the level of our consolidated secured net leverage ratio in effect from time to time. 
 The obligations under the Restated Credit Facility guaranteed by substantially all of our material subsidiaries, subject to certain exceptions. The obligations are further guaranteed by the Company on a limited recourse basis, with such guaranty being secured by a lien on the capital stock of the Borrower. The obligations are further secured by, among other things, a lien on (i) all hotels located in Mexico, (ii) certain personal property associated with such hotel properties and (iii) pledges of equity interests in certain subsidiaries that directly or indirectly own equity interests in any hotel property or certain management companies. 
 The proceeds received from the 2022 Term Loan were used to repay the existing Term Loan, and the Term A1 Loan, Term A2 Loan, Term A3 Loan, and Property Loan under our former Additional Credit Facility, and for other corporate purposes. 
 The 2022 Term Loan and repayment of our existing Term Loan were accounted for as a partial modification and partial extinguishment of debt, which resulted in a loss on extinguishment of debt of million and transaction costs of million. The transaction costs are included in selling, general, and administrative expense in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 85 

Table of Contents 

 million and expense million of unamortized discounts and debt issuance costs, which resulted in a loss on extinguishment of debt of million. 
 Finance lease obligation 
 On July 1, 2020, we entered into a twelve -year finance lease arrangement with a third-party for the construction, management and maintenance of a thermal energy plant located at the Hyatt Ziva and Hyatt Zilara Cap Cana. We recognized a million right-of-use asset and lease liability within property and equipment, net and debt, respectively, on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 
 On October 1, 2021, we entered into a ten -year finance lease arrangement with a third-party for the construction, management and maintenance of a thermal energy plant located at the Hilton La Romana All-Inclusive Resort. We recognized a million right-of-use asset and lease liability within property and equipment, net and debt , respectively, on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 Financial maintenance covenants 
 x if we have more than drawn on the 2022 Revolving Credit Facility. 
 
 During the second quarter of 2022, our restricted cash balance related to our Property Loan was released into unrestricted cash as the Hyatt Ziva and Hyatt Zilara Cap Cana and Hilton Rose Hall Resort Spa properties achieved the required debt service coverage ratio for two consecutive quarters. We had restricted cash as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 Note 14. 
 interest rate swaps previously mitigated the interest rate risk inherent to our floating rate debt that was tied to LIBOR, including the Revolving Credit Facility and Term Loan. The interest rate swaps are not for trading purposes and have fixed notional values of million and million. The fixed rate paid by us is and the variable rate received resets monthly to the one-month LIBOR rate, which resulted in us fixing LIBOR at on million of our Term Loan. The interest rate swaps mature on March 31, 2023. 
 
 Our interest rate swaps were designated as cash flow hedges, but were deemed ineffective due to the decrease in interest rates in February 2020. All changes in fair value are recognized through interest expense in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 
 86 

Table of Contents 

 Change in fair value Reclassification from AOCI to interest expense ) ) ) OCI related to our cash flow hedges for the three months ended March 31 ) ) Change in fair value Reclassification from AOCI to interest expense ) ) ) OCI related to our cash flow hedges for the three months ended June 30 ) ) ) Change in fair value Reclassification from AOCI to interest expense ) ) ) OCI related to our cash flow hedges for the three months ended September 30 ) ) ) Change in fair value Reclassification from AOCI to interest expense ) ) ) AOCI from our cash flow hedges as of December 31 (1) 
 
 ________ 
 (1) As of December 31, 2022, the total amount expected to be reclassified from AOCI to interest expense during the remaining three month term is million, which represents prior losses recognized in AOCI when our interest rate swaps were deemed effective hedges. 
 Derivative Instruments for Ineffective Hedges Financial Statement Classification Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Interest rate swaps (1) 
 Interest expense ) 
 ________ 
 (1) Includes the (gain) or loss from the change in fair value of our interest rate swaps and the cash interest paid or received for the monthly settlements of the derivative. 

Derivative Liabilities for Ineffective Hedges Financial Statement Classification As of December 31, 2022 2021 Interest rate swaps Derivative financial instruments 

Note 15. 
 87 

Table of Contents 

 Financial Liabilities December 31, 2021 Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Fair value measurements on a recurring basis Interest rate swap 
 
 Total liabilities 
 Carrying Value Fair Value As of December 31, 2021 Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Financial liabilities not recorded at fair value Term Loan Term A1 Loan Term A2 Loan Term A3 Loan Property Loan Total liabilities 
 , we will recognize a gain and future cash inflows. Conversely, if forecasted LIBOR falls below in subsequent periods, we will recognize a loss and future cash outflows. 
 Financial instruments not recorded at fair value Term Loans and Property Loan The fair value of our Term Loans and Property Loan are estimated using cash flow projections over the remaining contractual period by applying market forward rates and discounting back at the appropriate discount rate. Revolving Credit Facilities The valuation technique of our Revolving Credit Facilities is consistent with our Term Loans. The fair value of the Revolving Credit Facilities generally approximates its carrying value as the expected term is significantly shorter in duration. 
 88 

Table of Contents 

 Note 16. 
 Service cost Interest cost Actuarial loss (gain) ) Effect of foreign exchange rates ) Curtailment Benefits paid ) ) Balance at end of period Underfunded status ) ) Accumulated pension obligation ) ) 
 
 There were plan assets as of December 31, 2022 or 2021 as contributions are made only to the extent benefits are paid. The underfunded status of the plan is recorded in other liabilities in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Actuarial gains and losses are recognized in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 
 Interest cost Effect of foreign exchange rates ) ) Amortization of prior service cost Amortization of loss Compensation-non-retirement post-employment benefits Settlement and curtailment gain ) ) ) Total net periodic pension cost 
 
 The service cost component of net periodic pension cost is recorded within direct expense in the Consolidated Statements of Operations, while all other components are recorded within other income (expense). 
 
 Rate of compensation increase 
 
 89 

Table of Contents 

 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total expected plan payments 
 
 Note 17. 
 Allowance for doubtful accounts ) ) Total trade and other receivables, net 
 ________ 
 (1) The opening balance as of January 1, 2021 was million. 
 
 Financial instruments that are subject to credit risk consist primarily of trade accounts receivable. Trade accounts receivable are generated from sales of services to customers in the United States, Canada, Europe, Latin America and Asia. Our policy is to mitigate this risk by granting a credit limit to each client depending on the client s volume and credit quality. In order to increase the initially established credit limit, approval is required from the credit manager. Each resort periodically reviews the age of the clients balances and the balances which may be of doubtful recoverability. 
 
 We do not require collateral or other security in support of accounts receivable. Allowances are provided for individual accounts receivable when we become aware of a customer s inability to meet its financial obligations, such as in the case of bankruptcy, deterioration in the customer s operating results, or change in financial position. If circumstances related to customers change, estimates of the recoverability of receivables would be further adjusted. We also consider broader factors in evaluating the sufficiency of our allowances for doubtful accounts, including the length of time receivables are past due, significant one-time events and historical experience. 
 
 The gross carrying amount of the trade and other receivables balance is reduced by an allowance for doubtful accounts that reflects our estimate of amounts that will not be collected. The allowance is based on historical loss experience, specific risks identified in collection matters and analysis of past due balances identified in the aging detail. We have not experienced any significant write-offs to our accounts receivable. 
 
 During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we reversed million and million, respectively, of our allowance for doubtful accounts and bad debt expense as a result of cash collections following the economic recovery from the COVID-19 pandemic. During the year ended December 31, 2020, we recognized bad debt expense of million primarily as result of the COVID-19 pandemic and its effect on tour operators and travel agencies. 
 
 90 

Table of Contents ) ) December 31, 2021 ) ) ) December 31, 2020 ) ) ) 
 ________ 
 (1) Includes reversals of our bad debt expense and write offs of our allowance for doubtful accounts. 
 Prepayments and other assets 
 Prepaid income taxes Prepaid other taxes (1) 
 Operating lease right-of-use assets Key money (2) 
 Other assets Total prepayments and other assets 
 ________ 
 (1) Includes recoverable value-added tax, general consumption tax, and other sales tax accumulated by our Mexico, Jamaica, Dutch and Dominican Republic entities. 
 (2) Includes a payment of million in key money to the owner of one of our managed resorts in October 2022. 
 Goodwill 
 We recognized goodwill impairment losses on our reporting units nor any additions to goodwill during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 Accumulated impairment losses Net carrying value 
 A summary of our goodwill impairment losses, by reporting unit, recognized within impairment loss in the Consolidated Statements of Operations for the year ended December 31, 2020 is as follows in thousands): 
 Reporting Unit Reportable Segment Year Ended December 31, 2020 Jewel Runaway Bay Beach Resort Waterpark Jamaica Jewel Dunn s River Beach Resort Spa Jamaica Jewel Paradise Cove Beach Resort Spa Jamaica Hilton Rose Hall Resort Spa Jamaica 
 91 

Table of Contents 

 Management contract Enterprise resource planning system (2) 
 Other Total gross carrying value Accumulated amortization Management contract ) ) Enterprise resource planning system (2) 
 ) ) Other ) ) Total accumulated amortization ) ) Net carrying value Casino and other licenses (1) 
 Management contract Enterprise resource planning system (2) 
 Other Total net carrying value 
 ________ 
 (1) Our casino licenses have indefinite lives. Accordingly, there is no associated amortization expense or accumulated amortization. 
 (2) Represents software development costs incurred to develop and implement SAP as our integrated enterprise resource planning system, of which million and million was placed into service in 2022 and 2021, respectively, and is being amortized over a weighted-average amortization period of years. 
 Amortization expense for intangible assets was million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total future amortization expense 
 92 

Table of Contents 

 Advance deposits (1) 
 Withholding and other taxes payable Interest payable Payroll and related accruals Accrued expenses and other payables (2) 
 Total trade and other payables 
 ________ 
 (1) The opening balance as of January 1, 2021 was million. 
 million related to share repurchases not yet settled and million of unpaid clean up and repair expenses related to Hurricane Fiona. 
 Other liabilities 
 Operating lease liabilities Unfavorable ground lease liability Key money Other Total other liabilities 
 
 Note 18. 
 separate reportable segments by geography: (i) Yucat n Peninsula, (ii) Pacific Coast, (iii) Dominican Republic, and (iv) Jamaica. 
 Our operating segments are components of the business that are managed discretely and for which discrete financial information is reviewed regularly by our Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer, all of whom represent our chief operating decision maker CODM ). Financial information for each reportable segment is reviewed by the CODM to assess performance and make decisions regarding the allocation of resources. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, we have excluded the immaterial amounts of management fees, cost reimbursements and other from our segment reporting. 
 The performance of our business is evaluated primarily on adjusted earnings before interest expense, income tax benefit, and depreciation and amortization expense Adjusted EBITDA ), which should not be considered an alternative to net income (loss) or other measures of financial performance or liquidity derived in accordance with U.S. GAAP. The performance of our segments is evaluated on Adjusted EBITDA before corporate expenses and management fees Owned Resort EBITDA ). 
 We define Adjusted EBITDA as net income (loss), determined in accordance with U.S. GAAP, for the period presented, before interest expense, income tax benefit, and depreciation and amortization expense, further adjusted to exclude the following items: (a) impairment loss; (b) loss on sale of assets; (c) loss on extinguishment of debt; (d) other income (expense); (e) repairs from hurricanes and tropical storms; (f) contract termination costs; (g) share-based compensation; (h) other tax expense; (i) transaction expense; and (j) severance expense. Adjusted EBITDA includes corporate expenses, which are overhead costs that are essential to support the operation of the Company, including the operations and development of our resorts. 
 93 

Table of Contents 

 Pacific Coast Dominican Republic Jamaica Segment owned net revenue Other Management fees Cost reimbursements Compulsory tips Total revenue 
 ________ 
 (1) Includes million in business interruption insurance recoveries for the year ended December 31, 2020 related to the temporary suspension of operations from the COVID-19 pandemic. 
 94 

Table of Contents 

 Pacific Coast Dominican Republic (1) 
 ) Jamaica ) Segment Owned Resort EBITDA Other corporate (2) 
 ) ) ) Management fees Adjusted EBITDA ) Interest expense ) ) ) Depreciation and amortization ) ) ) Impairment loss ) ) Loss on sale of assets ) ) ) Loss on extinguishment of debt ) Other income (expense) ) ) Repairs from hurricanes and tropical storms ) ) ) Contract termination fees ) Share-based compensation ) ) ) Other tax expense ) ) ) Transaction expense ) ) ) Severance expense ) ) Non-service cost components of net periodic pension cost (benefit) (3) 
 ) Net income (loss) before tax ) ) Income tax benefit Net income (loss) ) ) 
 ________ 
 (1) Includes million of business interruption insurance recoveries for the year ended December 31, 2022 related to unavoidable operating costs incurred, net of our deductible, while our resorts were temporarily closed due to the impact of Hurricane Fiona. 
 (2) Includes revenue generated by The Playa Collection of million for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 (3) Represents the non-service cost components of net periodic pension cost or benefit recorded within other income (expense) in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. We include these costs in Adjusted EBITDA as they are considered part of our ongoing resort operations. 
 95 

Table of Contents 

 Pacific Coast Dominican Republic Jamaica Total segment property and equipment, gross Corporate property and equipment, gross Accumulated depreciation ) ) Total property and equipment, net 
 The following table presents segment capital expenditures and a reconciliation to total capital expenditures for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 in thousands ): 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Segment capital expenditures Yucat n Peninsula Pacific Coast Dominican Republic Jamaica Total segment capital expenditures Corporate Total capital expenditures (1) 
 
 ________ 
 (1) Represents gross additions to property and equipment excluding our finance leases. 
 
 Note 19. 
 shares at an average price of per share. As of January 31, 2023, we had million remaining under our million share repurchase program. 
 On February 9, 2023, our Board of Directors authorized a new million share repurchase program, which authorization replaced our million repurchase authorization announced in September 2022. 
 96 

Table of Contents 

 (b) Financial Statement Schedule 
 
 Intercompany receivables from subsidiaries Prepayments and other assets Investment in subsidiaries Total assets LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY Trade and other payables Advances from subsidiaries Total liabilities Total shareholders equity Total liabilities and shareholders' equity 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Condensed Financial Statements. 
 97 

Table of Contents 

 Selling, general and administrative expenses ) ) ) Operating loss ) ) ) Other income (expense) ) ) Interest income Net income (loss) before equity in net income (loss) of subsidiaries ) ) Equity in net income (loss) of subsidiaries ) ) Net income (loss) ) ) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Condensed Financial Statements. 
 
 98 

Table of Contents 

 ) INVESTING ACTIVITIES Investment in subsidiaries ) ) Net cash used in investing activities ) ) FINANCING ACTIVITIES Advances from subsidiaries Repurchase of ordinary shares ) ) Proceeds from ordinary shares, net of issuance costs Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities ) INCREASE (DECREASE) IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS ) CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS, BEGINNING OF THE PERIOD CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS, END OF THE PERIOD SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURES OF NON-CASH INVESTING AND FINANCING ACTIVITIES Non-cash repurchases of ordinary shares for tax withholdings Non-cash equity issuance costs Par value of vested restricted share awards Repurchase of ordinary shares not yet settled 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Condensed Financial Statements. 
 
 99 

Table of Contents 

 SCHEDULE I - CONDENSED FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF REGISTRANT 
 Playa Hotels Resorts N.V. 
 (Parent Company) 
 Notes to Condensed Financial Statements 

1. 
 
 2. 
 
 3. 
 million, and million in cash dividends for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, which are included within operating activities in the Condensed Statements of Cash Flows for all periods presented. 
 
 4. 
 million and million from our Netherlands and Jamaican subsidiaries, respectively, during the year ending December 31, 2020. These are included within financing activities in the Condensed Statement of Cash Flows. During the year ending December 31, 2022, the cash advances from our Jamaican subsidiaries were forgiven and resulted in million of other income within the Condensed Statement of Operations. 
 100 

Table of Contents 

 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 
 None. 
 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 We maintain a set of disclosure controls and procedures (as that term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in reports that we file or submit under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in SEC rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer CEO in the role of Principal Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer CFO in the role of Principal Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures. 
 In accordance with Rule 13a-15(b) of the Exchange Act, as of the end of the period covered by this annual report, an evaluation was carried out under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our CEO and CFO, of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures. Based on that evaluation, our CEO and CFO concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of December 31, 2022. 
 Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Rule 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act. Our internal control system is designed to provide reasonable assurance to our management and the board of directors regarding the preparation and fair presentation of published financial statements. All internal control systems, no matter how well designed, have inherent limitations. Therefore, even those systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and presentation. 
 Management conducted, under the supervision of our CEO and CFO, an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on the framework in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on the assessment performed, management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022. 
 Deloitte Touche LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, has audited the 2022 Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and, as part of its audit, has issued an attestation report, included herein, on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. 
 Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 There has been no change in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) during the most recent fiscal year that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Item 9B. Other Information. 
 Amendment of Board Rules 
 The Board Rules of the Company were amended by the Company s Board of Directors, effective February 23, 2023. The amended Board Rules set forth the Company s new policy regarding director time commitments, and implement several administrative updates. This summary is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Board Rules, as amended, which are filed as Exhibit 3.2 to this Annual Report on Form 10-K and incorporated by reference herein. 
 Third Amendment to 2017 Omnibus Incentive Plan. 
 Upon the recommendation of the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors, the Board approved the Third Amendment to the Company s 2017 Omnibus Incentive Plan (the 2017 Plan ), effective February 9, 2023. Pursuant to the Third Amendment, certain provisions of the 2017 Plan were amended in order to provide the Company with greater flexibility to determine the fair market value of shares underlying an equity incentive award for purposes of determining taxable income and the amount of the related tax withholding obligation. This summary is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Third Amendment, which is filed as Exhibit 10.6 to this Annual Report on Form 10-K and incorporated by reference herein. 
 101 

Table of Contents 

 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 None. 
 102 

Table of Contents 

 PART III 
 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 
 The information required by this item is incorporated by reference to the Company's Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual General Meeting of Shareholders to be filed with the SEC within 120 days of the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation. 
 The information required by this item is incorporated by reference to the Company's Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual General Meeting of Shareholders to be filed with the SEC within 120 days of the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 
 Except as provided below, the information required by this item is incorporated by reference to the Company's Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual General Meeting of Shareholders to be filed with the SEC within 120 days of the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 
 Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plan 
 The following table sets forth information regarding securities authorized for issuance under our equity compensation plan, our 2017 Omnibus Incentive Plan, as of December 31, 2022. See Note 11 to the accompanying Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information regarding our 2017 Omnibus Incentive Plan. 
 Plan Category Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants and rights (1) 
 Weighted-average exercise price of outstanding options, warrants and rights (2) 
 Number of securities remaining for future issuance under equity compensation plans Equity compensation plans approved by security holders Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders Total 25,326 3,544,837 
 ________ 
 (1) Represents unvested restricted share units. 
 (2) Restricted share units do not have any exercise price. 
 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 
 The information required by this item is incorporated by reference to the Company's Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual General Meeting of Shareholders to be filed with the SEC within 120 days of the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services. 
 The information required by this item is incorporated by reference to the Company's Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual General Meeting of Shareholders to be filed with the SEC within 120 days of the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 
 103 

Table of Contents 

 PART IV 
 
 Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules . 
 (1) Financial Statements 
 The following financial statements are included under a separate caption Financial Statements and Supplementary Data in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on the Form 10-K and are incorporated herein by reference: 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Shareholders' Equity for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 Schedule I - Condensed Financial Information of Registrant 
 
 (2) Financial Statement Schedules 
 All other financial statement schedules are omitted either because they are not required or are not applicable, or because the required information is included in the financial statements or notes thereto. 
 
 (3) Exhibits 
 The following exhibits are filed or furnished, as the case may be, as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K: 
 Exhibit Number Exhibit Description 3.1 Articles of Association of Playa Hotels Resorts N.V. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed by the Company on August 6, 2020) 
 3.2 Board Rules for Playa Hotels Resorts N.V., effective February 23, 2023 
 4.1 Description of Securities of Playa Hotels Resorts N.V. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K filed by the Company on February 27, 2020) 
 10.1 Registration Rights Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registration Statement on Form S-4 filed by Porto Holdco B.V. with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 7, 2017) 
 10.2 Form of Director Officer Indemnification Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.11 to the Registration Statement on Form S-4 filed by Porto Holdco B.V. with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 7, 2017) 
 10.3 2017 Omnibus Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.12 to the Registration Statement on Form S-4 filed by Porto Holdco B.V. with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 7, 2017) 
 10.4 First Amendment to 2017 Omnibus Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed by the Registrant on May 7, 2019) 
 10.5 Second Amendment to 2017 Omnibus Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by the Registrant on May 21, 2019) 
 10.6 Third Amendment to 2017 Omnibus Incentive Plan 
 10.7 Form of Amended and Restated Franchise Agreement by Franchisee named therein and Hyatt Franchising Latin America, L.L.C. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.17 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by the Registrant on March 14, 2017) 
 10.8 Form of First Amendment to the Amended and Restated Franchise Agreement by Franchisee named therein and Hyatt Franchising Latin America, L.L.C. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.18 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by the Registrant on March 14, 2017) 
 10.9 Form of Restricted Shares Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.27 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by the Registrant on March 14, 2017) 
 
 104 

Table of Contents 

 Exhibit Number Exhibit Description 10.10 Form of Time-Based Restricted Shares Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by the Registrant on June 2, 2017) 
 10.11 Form of Performance-Based Restricted Shares Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by the Registrant on June 2, 2017) 
 10.12 Form of Second Amendment to Franchise Agreement by Franchisee named therein and Hyatt Franchising Latin America, L.L.C. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by the Registrant on February 27, 2018) 
 10.13 Omnibus Third Amendment to Franchise Agreement Amendment by and among Franchisees named therein and Hyatt Franchising Latin America, L.L.C (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.19 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K filed by the Company on February 24, 2022) 
 10.14 Shareholder Agreement, dated as of May 31, 2018, by and among JCSD Trustees Services Limited, X Fund Properties Limited and Playa Hotels Resorts N.V. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by the Company on June 4, 2018) 
 10.15 Executive Employment Agreement, dated as of December 20, 2021, by Playa Resorts Management, LLC, and Bruce D. Wardinski (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.22 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K filed by the Company on February 24, 2022) 
 10.16 Executive Employment Agreement, dated as of December 20, 2021, by Playa Resorts Management, LLC, and Ryan Hymel (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.23 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K filed by the Company on February 24, 2022) 
 10.17 Executive Employment Agreement, dated as of December 20, 2021, by Playa Resorts Management, LLC, and Tracy-Marie J. Colden (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.24 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K filed by the Company on February 24, 2022) 
 10.18 Executive Employment Agreement, dated as of December 20, 2021, by Playa Resorts Management, LLC, and Grigorios Maliassas (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.25 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K filed by the Company on February 24, 2022) 
 10.19 Executive Employment Agreement, dated as of December 20, 2021, by Playa Resorts Management, LLC, and Fernando Mulet (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.26 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K filed by the Company on February 24, 2022). 
 10.20 Second Restatement Agreement, dated as of December 16, 2022, among Playa Hotels Resorts N.V., as Holdings, Playa Resorts Holding B.V, as Borrower, the Guarantors party thereto from time to time, Deutsche Bank AG New York Branch, as Administrative Agent and Swing Line Lender, Deutsche Bank M xico, S.A. Instituci n de Banca M ltiple, Divisi n Fiduciaria identified internally as DB/1715, as Mexican Collateral Agent, and the Lenders party thereto from time to time (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by the Company on December 16, 2022). 
 21.1 Subsidiaries of Playa Hotels Resorts N.V. 
 23.1 Consent of Deloitte Touche LLP, independent registered accounting firm 
 31.1 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 31.2 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 32.1 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 32.2 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 101 The following materials from Playa Hotels Resorts N.V. s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2022, formatted in XBRL (eXtensible Business Reporting Language): (i) Consolidated Balance Sheets , (ii) Consolidated Statements of Operations , (iii) Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) , (iv) Consolidated Statements of Shareholders Equity , (v) Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows , (vi) the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements and (vii) Schedule I - Condensed Financial Information of Registrant 
 104 Inline XBRL for the cover page of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, filed electronically herewith, included in the Exhibit 101 Inline XBRL Document Set. 
 Management contracts and compensatory plans and arrangements required to be filed as exhibits pursuant to Item 15(b) of Form 10-K. Filed herewith 
 105 

Table of Contents 

 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary . 
 Not applicable. 
 106 

Table of Contents 

 SIGNATURES 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 
 Playa Hotels Resorts N.V. Date: February 23, 2023 By: /s/ Bruce D. Wardinski Bruce D. Wardinski Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 
 
 Signatures Title Date /s/ Bruce D. Wardinski Bruce D. Wardinski Chairman and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 2/23/2023 /s/ Ryan Hymel Ryan Hymel Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 2/23/2023 /s/ Brandon B. Buhler Brandon B. Buhler Chief Accounting Officer (Principal Accounting Officer) 2/23/2023 /s/ Hal Stanley Jones Hal Stanley Jones Director 2/23/2023 /s/ Elizabeth Lieberman Elizabeth Lieberman Director 2/23/2023 /s/ Karl Peterson Karl Peterson Director 2/23/2023 /s/ Leticia Navarro Leticia Navarro Director 2/23/2023 /s/ Mahmood Khimji Mahmood Khimji Director 2/23/2023 /s/ Maria Miller Maria Miller Director 2/23/2023 /s/ Jeanmarie Cooney Jeanmarie Cooney Director 2/23/2023 

107 

<EX-3.2>
 2
 ye22-exhibit32xboardrules.htm
 BOARD RULES

Document 
 Exhibit 3.2 

 BOARD RULES 

Playa Hotels & Resorts N.V. 
 
 Effective February 23, 2023 

INTRODUCTION 
 Article 1 
 1.1 These rules govern the organization, decision-making and other internal matters of the Board. In performing their duties, the Directors shall act in compliance with these rules. 
 1.2 These rules are complementary to, and subject to, the Articles of Association and applicable laws and regulations. 
 1.3 These rules shall be posted on the Company's website. 
 
 DEFINITIONS AND INTERPRETATION 
 Article 2 
 2.1 In these rules the following definitions shall apply 
 Appendix 
 An appendix to these rules. 
 Article 
 An article of these rules. 
 Articles of Association 
 The Company's articles of association. 
 Audit Committee The audit committee established by the Board. 
 Board 
 The Company's board of directors. Board Meeting 
 A meeting of the Board. 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 The Company's chief executive officer. 
 Committee 
 The Audit Committee, the Compensation Committee and the Nominating Committee and any other permanent or ad hoc committee established by the Board. 
 Committee Charter 
 The charter concerning the organization, decision-making and other internal matters of the relevant Committee. 
 Company 
 Playa Hotels & Resorts N.V. Company Group 
 The Company and its subsidiaries. 
 Company Secretary The person who is appointed as the Company's company secretary. 
 Compensation Committee The compensation committee established by the Board. Conflict of Interests 
 A direct or indirect personal interest of a Director which conflicts with the interests of the Company and of the business connected with it. 
 DCGC 
 The Dutch Corporate Governance Code. Director 
 A member of the Board. 
 2 

Executive Director 
 An executive Director. General Meeting 
 The Company's general meeting of shareholders. 
 Lead Independent Director 
 The chairman of the Board for purposes of Dutch law and the DCGC. NASDAQ 
 The NASDAQ Stock Market. Nominating Committee 
 The nominating and governance committee established by the Board. Non-Executive Director 
 A Director other than an Executive Director. Simple Majority 
 More than half of the votes cast. SPAC 
 A Special Purpose Acquisition Company. 
 2.2 References to statutory provisions are to those provisions as they are in force from time to time. 
 2.3 Terms that are defined in the singular have a corresponding meaning in the plural. 
 2.4 Words denoting a gender include each other gender. 
 2.5 Except as otherwise required by law, the terms written and in writing include the use of electronic means of communication. 
 
 COMPOSITION 
 Article 3 
 3.1 The Board shall consist of one Executive Director and not less than six and not more than eight Non-Executive Directors, as determined by the Board. 
 3.2 Subject to Article 17, the Board may, from time to time, change the number of Executive Directors and the number of Non-Executive Directors who should have a seat on the Board, taking into account recommendations from the Nominating Committee. Any such change shall be subject to the applicable limitations under the Articles of Association. When deciding on a change of the number of Directors who should have a seat on the Board, the Board shall also consider the relevant provisions of the DCGC and shall ensure that the majority of the Board remains composed of (i) Non-Executive Directors and (ii) Directors who meet the independence requirements of NASDAQ as in effect from time to time. 
 3.3 For as long as only one Executive Director has been appointed, that Executive Director shall automatically be the Chief Executive Officer. If more than one Executive Director has been appointed, the Board (on the basis of a recommendation from the Nominating Committee) shall elect one Executive Director to be the Chief Executive Officer. An Executive Director shall cease to be the Chief Executive Officer 
 a. automatically when he ceases to be an Executive Director or 
 3 

b. upon his removal as Chief Executive Officer by the Board, provided that he shall subsequently continue his term of office as an Executive Director without having the title of Chief Executive Officer. 
 3.4 The Chief Executive Officer may carry the title Chairman and Chief Executive Officer . 
 3.5 The group of Non-Executive Directors (on the basis of a recommendation from the Nominating Committee) shall elect a Non-Executive Director to be the Lead Independent Director on an annual basis. The group of Non-Executive Directors may dismiss the Lead Independent Director, provided that the Non-Executive Director so dismissed shall subsequently continue his term of office as a Non-Executive Director without having the title of Lead Independent Director. 
 3.6 The Lead Independent Director shall act as the chairman of the Board for purposes of Dutch law and the DCGC. 
 3.1 The Board shall elect a Non-Executive Director to be the Vice-Chairman. The Board may dismiss the Vice-Chairman, provided that the Non-Executive Director so dismissed shall subsequently continue his term of office as a Non-Executive Director without having the title of Vice-Chairman. 
 
 DIRECTOR QUALIFICATION STANDARDS 
 Article 4 
 4.1 Without prejudice to Article 8.3 
 a. a majority of the members of the Board must meet the criteria for independence under the NASDAQ listing rules, as in effect from time to time and as interpreted by the Board in its business judgment and 
 b. the Board also intends to meet the criteria for independence under the DCGC, to the extent reasonably practicable. 
 4.2 The Board shall undertake an annual review of the independence of the Directors and 
 a. in accordance with the applicable independence criteria under the NASDAQ listing rules, shall affirmatively determine that each independent Director has no material relationship with the Company (either directly or indirectly, including as a partner, shareholder or officer of an organization that has a relationship with the Company) and 
 b. in accordance with the applicable independence criteria under the DCGC, shall affirmatively determine who of the Non-Executive Directors qualify as independent and whether the Board should take steps to increase the number of Non-Executive Directors who qualify as independent under the provisions of the DCGC. 
 The names of the independent Directors shall be published in the Company's annual proxy statement to shareholders or in the Company's annual report on Form 10-K. 
 4 

4.3 The Nominating Committee has adopted, and the Board has ratified, the Company's policy regarding Director qualification requirements and the process for identifying and evaluating Director candidates. Such policy also, together with the relevant sections of these rules, serves as the Board's profile as referred to in the DCGC. 
 4.4 The Board has determined not to establish a mandatory retirement age for Directors. 
 4.5 The Board has determined not to establish term limits for Directors. While term limits could help ensure that there are fresh ideas and viewpoints available to the Board, they hold the disadvantage of losing the contribution of Directors who have been able to develop, over a period of time, increasing insight into the Company and its operations based on their understanding of the Company's history, policies and objectives and, therefore, provide an increasing contribution to the Board as a whole. As an alternative to term limits, the Nominating Committee shall review each Director's continuation on the Board every year, taking into account the relevant provisions of the DCGC and the Company's diversity policy. This will allow each Director the opportunity to confirm his desire to continue as a member of the Board. 
 4.6 The Company recognizes the importance of the Directors having the requisite time to devote to carrying out their duties and responsibilities towards the Company. The Company s policy regarding director time commitments is as follows 
 a. Directors should advise the Lead Independent Director and the Nominating Committee at least two weeks in advance of accepting a nomination or appointment to membership on other public company boards of directors or any audit committee or other significant committee assignment on any other public company board of directors, and, at least annually, any such position(s) held by incumbent Directors should be discussed by the Board 
 b. in case of a Director changing his principal occupation or business association, or taking on significant additional business responsibilities, the Director shall promptly notify the Board and the Nominating Committee shall make a recommendation to the Board as to whether it believes it is appropriate for such Director to continue to serve on the Board 
 c. other directorships and commitments should not interfere with a Director's obligations to the Board, and no Non-Executive Director may simultaneously serve as a director of more than four additional public companies 
 d. service by a Director on the board of a SPAC will be reviewed by the Nominating Committee to determine whether service on such board is subject to the preceding sentence, considering the time commitments such service will impose on the Director and the Director's role with the SPAC, including whether the Director serves as an executive officer of the SPAC 
 e. no Executive Director, or Non-Executive Director who serves as an executive officer or in an equivalent position of another public company, may serve on more than one public company board in addition to the Board, and an Executive Director should not accept a 
 5 

non-executive or supervisory position on the board of another public company without the approval of the Board 
 f. no member of the Audit Committee may serve simultaneously on the audit committees of more than two other public companies, unless the Board has affirmatively determined that such simultaneous service would not impair the ability of such member to serve effectively on the Audit Committee, taking into consideration relevant factors such as the member s experience and the member s other time commitments and 
 g. upon the recommendation or nomination of Directors or Director candidates for (re)appointment by the General Meeting, the Nominating Committee and the Board shall take into account the applicable limitations on the number of other positions any such Director or Director candidate may hold under these Board Rules and applicable law as well as the scope of the directors other professional, personal, civic and charitable time commitments and responsibilities. 
 4.7 Director candidates and incumbent Directors (as the case may be) shall be nominated annually for (re)appointment for a term ending at the end of the annual General Meeting to be held in the year following their (re)appointment. Any such nomination shall be made by the Board on the basis of the recommendations of the Nominating Committee. 
 4.8 A Director should retire early in the event of inadequate functioning, structural incompatibility of interests, and in other instances in which this is deemed necessary by the Board. 
 
 TASKS AND RESPONSIBILITIES 
 Article 5 
 5.1 In addition to the responsibilities that follow from applicable law, the Articles and the DCGC, the Directors are collectively responsible for the Company's general affairs and the business connected with it. The Executive Director(s) shall primarily be charged with the Company's day-to-day operations and the Non-Executive Directors shall primarily be charged with the supervision of the performance of the duties of the Directors. 
 5.2 In performing their duties, Directors shall be guided by the interests of the Company and its business and, in this respect, the Directors shall take the interests of all of the Company's stakeholders into proper consideration. Directors shall have access to management and, as necessary and appropriate, the Company's independent advisors. 
 5.3 After their appointment, all Directors should follow a formal orientation program geared to their role. This program should cover general financial, social and legal affairs, financial reporting by the Company, specific aspects that are unique to the Company's business, the culture within the Company Group and the tasks and responsibilities of a Director and should also include presentations by management to familiarize new Directors with the Company's strategic plans, its significant financial, accounting and risk management issues, its compliance programs, its Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, its principal officers and its independent auditors. From time to time, the Board may set aside time during its Board Meetings to provide continuing director 
 6 

education for the benefit of the Directors, so that they stay actively informed and up to date on current issues relating to Director responsibilities if and when appropriate. The Company will pay all reasonable expenses relating to continuing director education. 
 5.4 The Board shall formulate and approve a strategy on sustainable long-term value creation, considering aspects such as the implementation and feasibility of such strategy, the Company's business model, the market(s) in which the Company operates, the Company's risk appetite, the Company's targets and non-financial issues relevant to the Company (including corporate social responsibility), the Company's impact in the field of sustainability, paying a fair share of tax to the countries in which the Company operates and the impact of new technologies and changing business models. 
 5.5 The Board shall establish policies and principles for the selection, and possible succession planning, of Directors, the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer and other management officers. 
 5.6 The Board shall consider and decide upon all matters, provided that 
 a. the Board's tasks and responsibilities, as well as its decision-making authority, in respect of the matters described in Appendix A are delegated to the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 
 b. the Board has delegated some of its tasks and responsibilities to the Committees, as described in the respective Committee Charters 
 c. the Board's decision-making authority in respect of the matters described in the Committee Charters are delegated to the respective Committees and 
 d. the Board may, from time to time and with due observance of applicable law, the NASDAQ listing rules and the DCGC, delegate such further tasks and responsibilities and or decision-making authority to one or more Committees and or to one or more Directors, as the Board considers appropriate. 
 Committees and Directors to whom decision-making authority has been delegated as set out above can validly pass resolutions in respect of the matters which fall under their tasks and responsibilities and any such resolution shall be considered to be a resolution of the Board. 
 5.7 The Board shall be assisted by the Company Secretary. The Company Secretary shall be appointed and dismissed by the Board. The Company Secretary shall ensure that proper procedures are followed within the organization of the affairs of the Board and the Committees and that statutory obligations and obligations under the Articles of Association are complied with. The Company Secretary shall also ensure the provision of information to the Directors and is expected to assist the Lead Independent Director in the organization of the affairs of the Board. 
 5.8 At least annually, the Board shall conduct an annual review and self-evaluation in order to determine whether it and its Committees are functioning effectively, consistent with the NASDAQ listing rules and the DCGC. This review shall include a discussion on the Board's profile and composition and the competence and functioning of the individual Directors and may include presentations to the Board by each Committee chairperson and or the Company's outside advisors, including its legal counsel and independent auditor. As part of this annual review, the 
 7 

Board shall also identify any aspects with regard to which Directors require further training or education. The Nominating Committee shall be responsible for overseeing the annual evaluation process. The evaluation process shall periodically, at intervals determined by the Nominating Committee, be conducted under the supervision of an external expert. 
 
 MEETINGS AND DECISION-MAKING 
 Article 6 
 6.1 The Board shall meet as often as the Lead Independent Director or the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer or any two Directors jointly deem(s) necessary or appropriate, provided that there shall be at least four regularly scheduled Board Meetings in each calendar year. 
 6.2 To promote open discussion among Non-Executive Directors, the Board may exclude the Executive Director(s) or other management participation from all, or any portion of, any Board Meeting. In addition, the Executive Director(s) shall recuse themselves from all, or any portion of, a Board Meeting to the extent that it concerns matters in respect of which applicable law, the NASDAQ listing rules and or the DCGC requires or recommends that they be deliberated and or resolved upon by the Non-Executive Directors outside the presence of the Executive Director(s). 
 6.3 If the group of Non-Executive Directors includes Directors who are not independent under the NASDAQ listing rules, it is the Company's policy that there will be regularly scheduled meetings and no less than one meeting per calendar year, of the Non-Executive Directors who are independent under the NASDAQ listing rules. The Lead Independent Director shall preside at such sessions. 
 6.4 Without prejudice to Articles 6.2 and 6.3, Directors are expected to attend all Board Meetings and to review the materials sent to the Directors in preparation of any such Board Meeting. If a Director is frequently absent at, or frequently comes unprepared to, Board Meetings, he shall be required to account for his absence to the Board. 
 6.5 A Board Meeting may be convened by the Lead Independent Director or by the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer or by any two Directors jointly by means of a written notice. 
 6.6 All Directors shall be given reasonable notice for all Board Meetings. Notice of a Board Meeting shall include the date, time, place and agenda for that Board Meeting and shall be sent to the Directors in writing. The Notice shall be accompanied by any relevant documentation and information to be discussed at the Board Meeting. 
 6.7 If a Board Meeting has not been convened as described in Articles 6.5 and 6.6, resolutions may nevertheless be passed at such Board Meeting by a unanimous vote of all Directors. 
 6.8 At the invitation of the Board, members of management and or the Company's outside advisors, including its legal counsel and independent auditor, may attend Board Meetings for the purpose of participating in the discussions. 
 6.9 All Board Meetings shall be chaired by the Lead Independent Director or, in his or her absence, by the Vice-Chairman or, in his or her absence, by another Director designated by the Directors 
 8 

present at the relevant Board Meeting. The Company Secretary, or such other person as appointed by the chairman of the Board Meeting, shall prepare the minutes of the proceedings at such Board Meeting. 
 6.10 The minutes of a Board Meeting shall be adopted in the same or in a subsequent Board Meeting. Minutes of the proceedings at a Board Meeting shall be sufficient evidence thereof and of the observance of all necessary formalities, provided that such minutes are certified by the Lead Independent Director or any two other Directors. 
 6.11 Each Director may cast one vote in the decision-making of the Board. 
 6.12 A Director can be represented by another Director holding a written proxy for the purpose of the deliberations and the decision-making of the Board. 
 6.13 Resolutions of the Board shall be passed, irrespective of whether this occurs at a Board Meeting or otherwise, by Simple Majority unless these rules provide differently. 
 6.14 Invalid votes, blank votes (i.e., where no choice has been made) and abstentions shall not be counted as votes cast. 
 6.15 Board Meetings can be held through audio-communication facilities, unless a Director objects thereto. 
 6.16 Resolutions of the Board of Directors may, instead of at a Board Meeting, be passed in by written consent, provided that all Directors are familiar with the resolution to be passed and none of them objects to this decision-making process. Articles 6.11 through 6.14 apply mutatis mutandis. 
 
 CHAIRMAN AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 Article 7 
 7.1 The Chairman and Chief Executive Officer shall be charged with the Company's day-to-day operations, is primarily responsible for managing the operations of the Company Group and has the authority to individually represent the Company. 
 7.2 Matters described in Appendix A can be validly resolved upon by the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer without any further resolutions, approvals, consents, consultations or other active involvement of the Board, and the Company shall have full and complete authority to engage in such matters. 
 7.3 The Chairman and Chief Executive Officer may authorize executive officers and other employees to represent the Company on a continuing basis. 
 
 LEAD INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR 
 Article 8 
 8.1 The Lead Independent Director shall ensure the proper functioning of the Board and the Committees, and shall act as a liaison between (i) management, including the Chairman and Chief 
 9 

Executive Officer, (ii) independent Directors (as determined in accordance with NASDAQ rules), (iii) employees reporting misconduct that by their nature cannot be brought to management, and (iv) interested parties and the Board. 
 8.2 Without prejudice to any other tasks and responsibilities attributed to the Lead Independent Director pursuant to applicable law, the NASDAQ listing rules and the DCGC, the Lead Independent Director shall ensure that 
 a. the Directors receive at the appropriate time all information necessary for the proper performance of their duties 
 b. there is sufficient time for deliberation and decision-making by the Board and the Committees 
 c. the Board and the Committees remain properly constituted and function properly 
 d. the annual review referred to in Article 5.8 is carried out 
 e. the Company has proper and effective contact with its employee representatives and (with due observance of the Company's public disclosure policy) its shareholders 
 f. the General Meeting is conducted orderly and efficiently and 
 g. the Directors follow the orientation program and subsequently receive sufficient education and training described in Article 5.3. 
 8.3 The Lead Independent Director should not be a former Executive Director and should be independent under the criteria of both the NASDAQ listing rules and the DCGC. 
 8.4 The Lead Independent Director shall not also chair the Audit Committee or the Compensation Committee. 
 8.5 As a general principle, the Lead Independent Director is expected to chair the General Meeting. As such, the Lead Independent Director shall be the principal point of contact for those attending the General Meeting. The Lead Independent Director, as chairman of the General meeting, shall be charged with safeguarding the orderly proceedings at the General Meeting. 
 8.6 The Vice-Chairman shall act for the Lead Independent Director when the occasion arises. All duties of the Lead Independent Director shall vest in the Vice-Chairman if the Lead Independent Director is absent or unable to act. The Vice-Chairman shall also act as point of contact for Directors concerning the functioning of the Lead Independent Director. 
 8.7 Shareholders may send correspondence addressed to the Board directly to the Lead Independent Director. The Lead Independent Director will decide what action, if any, should be taken with respect to any such communication, including whether such communication should be reported to the Board. 
 
 10 

COMPENSATION 
 Article 9 
 9.1 The Company has a compensation policy concerning, among other things, the compensation of the Directors, which sets forth a compensation structure designed to attract, retain and motivate Directors with the leadership qualities, skills and experience needed to support the management and growth of the Company's business. Such policy contains the principles for determining the form and amount of Director compensation. 
 9.2 The compensation for the Directors shall be determined by the Board at the recommendation of the Compensation Committee, within the framework of the Company's compensation policy and with due regard to applicable law, the NASDAQ listing rules and the DCGC. Non-Executive Directors shall be compensated for their service to the Company in cash and or equity of the Company on a basis that is commensurate with the commitment made by such Directors to serve the Company, and taking into account the compensation paid to directors by other similarly situated public companies. The Board shall be critical, also with a view to public perception, when determining the form and amount of Director compensation. 
 9.3 The Board recognizes that Directors' independence may be jeopardized if Director compensation and perquisites exceed customary levels, if the Company makes substantial charitable contributions to organizations with which a Director is affiliated, or if the Company enters into consulting contracts with (or provides other indirect forms of compensation to) a Director or an organization with which the Director is affiliated, and therefore such actions are discouraged. The Board shall critically evaluate each of these matters when determining the form and amount of Director compensation, and the independence of a Director. 
 
 SHARE OWNERSHIP GUIDELINES 
 Article 10 
 10.1 In order to align the Director's interests with the interests of the stakeholders of the Company, each Non-Executive Director and each of the Company's named executive officers is expected to have a financial interest in the Company. The Board shall evaluate the ownership status of the Directors and its named executive officers at the end of each fiscal year. 
 10.2 The Chairman and Chief Executive Officer is required to own shares equal in value to at least five times his base salary. Each of the other named executive officers of the Company is required to own shares equal to at least three times his base salary. The Chairman and Chief Executive Officer and the other named executive officers must comply with the ownership requirement within five years of their appointment. 
 10.3 Each Non-Executive Director is required to own shares equal in value to five times his annual base cash retainer, to the extent such Non-Executive Director receives securities in connection with service on the Board. Non-Executive Directors must comply with the ownership requirement within five years of their appointment and are required to hold shares at this level while serving as a Director. 
 11 

10.4 No named executive officer or Non-Executive Director will be deemed to be out of compliance with Articles 10.2 or 10.3, respectively, if (i) the sole reason such person s ownership is below the required threshold is a decrease in the market price of the Company s ordinary shares, and (ii) such person has not sold any of the Company's ordinary shares (other than sales to cover withholding taxes or exercise price owed to the Company) (a) since commencement of his or her service as a named executive officer or Non-Executive Director, respectively, if the given threshold had not been satisfied, or (b) if, after initially satisfying the given threshold, since the time such person s ownership dropped below the required threshold. 
 10.5 For purposes of this Article, shares shall include all classes of shares beneficially owned by such person, including shares received as compensation, preferred shares, time vested restricted shares or share units and vested stock options. 
 10.6 The Nominating Committee may waive the share ownership requirements in the event of financial hardship or other good cause. 
 
 CONFLICT OF INTERESTS AND RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS 
 Article 11 
 11.1 A Director shall immediately report any actual or potential Conflict of Interests which is of material significance to the Company and or to such Director to the Lead Independent Director (and if the Lead Independent Director has any such actual or potential Conflict of Interests, he shall immediately report this to the Vice-Chairman) and the Audit Committee, and shall provide all relevant information concerning such Conflict of Interests. The Board shall decide, without the Director concerned being present, whether there is a Conflict of Interests. 
 11.2 Directors who discover or are presented with a business opportunity related to the business activities of the Company and or its subsidiaries through the use of corporate property, information or because of such person s position as a Director (a Corporate Opportunity should first present the opportunity to the Board before pursuing the Corporate Opportunity in their individual capacity or presenting the Corporate Opportunity to others. Directors are prohibited from (i) taking for themselves, or presenting to others, Corporate Opportunities, unless such Corporate Opportunities are presented to the Board and the Board or Audit Committee declines to pursue such Corporate Opportunities for the Company's benefit (ii) using Company property, information or position for improper personal gain or (iii) without the consent of the Company, competing with the Company and its subsidiaries. 
 11.3 A Director shall not participate in the deliberations and decision-making of the Board on a matter in relation to which he has a Conflict of Interests. If all Directors have Conflicts of Interests and as a result thereof, no resolution can be passed by the Board, the resolution shall nevertheless be passed by the Board as if none of the Directors has a Conflict of Interests. 
 11.4 Transactions in which there is a Conflict of Interests shall be performed and disclosed in accordance with applicable law, the NASDAQ listing rules and the DCGC. 
 12 

11.5 The Company has a policy on related party transactions in order to ensure that such related party transactions (as defined in further detail in such policy) are properly reviewed, approved and disclosed in accordance with applicable law, the NASDAQ listing rules and the DCGC. 
 
 CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER EVALUATION AND MANAGEMENT SUCCESSION 
 Article 12 
 12.1 The Compensation Committee shall conduct an annual review of the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer's performance in accordance with policies and principles set forth in its Committee Charter. The Board shall review the results of the Compensation Committee's annual review in order to ensure that the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer is providing the best leadership for the Company in the long and short terms. 
 12.2 The Board shall periodically evaluate policies and principles for Chairman and Chief Executive Officer selection and succession planning so as to facilitate smooth transitions of leadership. If appropriate, the Board shall establish a Committee to assist it in evaluating potential successors to the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. 
 
 BOARD COMMITTEES 
 Article 13 
 13.1 The Board has established the Audit Committee, the Compensation Committee and the Nominating Committee and may establish such other Committees as deemed to be necessary or appropriate by the Board. 
 13.2 Subject to Articles 5.6 and 17.2, the Board shall approve the Committee Charters and both the Board and a majority of the applicable Committee members must approve any changes to any existing Committee Charter. 
 
 OWNERSHIP OF AND TRADING IN SECURITIES 
 Article 14 
 14.1 The Directors shall be subject to the Company's policy on the ownership of and trading in Company securities. 
 14.2 In addition, each Director shall practice great reticence 
 a. when conducting a transaction in securities issued by another listed company if this could reasonably create the appearance of such Director possessing, or being able to possess, price-sensitive information concerning such company and 
 b. in the ownership of and trading in securities issued by, or relating to, another listed company which is a direct competitor of the Company. 
 13 

RETENTION OF OUTSIDE ADVISORS 
 Article 15 
 The Board and each Committee shall have the power to retain and terminate independent legal, financial or other advisors as they may deem necessary, without consulting or obtaining the approval of any officer of the Company in advance. The Company shall provide the necessary means for this purpose. 
 
 CONFIDENTIALITY 
 Article 16 
 16.1 Each Director shall at all times (including after his resignation, removal or during a suspension) treat all information and documentation obtained in his capacity as a Director with due discretion and, in the case of confidential information or documentation, with utmost confidentiality. 
 16.2 Confidential information and documentation shall not be disclosed outside the Board, unless to the extent that 
 a. such disclosure is required under applicable laws or regulations and or by any competent court or other authority 
 b. it concerns a disclosure to professional advisors of a Director, subject to a duty of confidentiality and only to the extent necessary for any lawful purpose 
 c. such information has already become public knowledge at the date of such disclosure other than through the improper disclosure by a Director 
 d. such disclosure is allowed under a duly executed confidentiality agreement between the Director and the Company or 
 e. such disclosure has been authorized by the Board. 
 
 AMENDMENTS 
 Article 17 
 17.1 The Nominating Committee will review these rules from time to time, and if it determines modifications are required, will make recommendations to the Board. 
 17.2 The Board may amend or supplement these rules (including all Appendices) and allow temporary deviations from these rules (including all Appendices) pursuant to a resolution passed by a majority of at least two thirds of the full Board (including any vacancies on the Board at the time of the resolution being passed). 
 
 14 

GOVERNING LAW AND JURISDICTION 
 Article 18 
 These rules shall be governed by and shall be construed in accordance with the laws of the Netherlands. Any dispute arising in connection with these rules shall be submitted to the exclusive jurisdiction of the competent court in Amsterdam. 
 
 15 

APPENDIX A 
 MATTERS DELEGATED TO THE CHAIRMAN AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 
 1. Any matter relating to the Company's day-to-day operations. 
 2. Representing and binding the Company vis- -vis third parties. 
 3. Determining any logistical matter in relation to any General Meeting. 
 4. Approving non-material changes to the business plan, strategy or budget of the Company or any business segment of the Company Group. 
 5. Setting performance targets for the Company Group. 
 6. Monitoring the operational and financial performance of the Company Group. 
 7. Effecting intra group organizational changes to the structure of the Company Group. 
 8. Making investments and divestments representing a value of up to 5 of the total assets of the Company Group. 
 9. Entering into financing arrangements for an amount of up to 5 of the total assets of the Company Group and to provide sureties, guaranties or similar undertakings in connection with any such financing arrangement. 
 10. Entering into and terminating strategic alliances that are not considered to be material to the Company Group, provided that strategic alliances in respect of which the Company Group's interest represents a value not exceeding 5 of the total assets of the Company Group shall not be considered to be material. 
 11. Approving the issuance of any equity or debt securities representing a value of the greater of 75 million or 5 of the total assets in connection with any acquisitions. 
 12. Terminating the employment contracts of employees of the Company Group (unless it concerns a considerable number of employees at the same time or within a short period of time). 
 13. Non-material changes in the working conditions of employees of the Company Group. 
 16 

</EX-3.2>

<EX-10.6>
 3
 ye22-ex106xthirdamendmentt.htm
 THIRD AMENDMENT TO OMNIBUS INCENTIVE PLAN

Document 
 Exhibit 10.6 

 THIRD AMENDMENT TO PLAYA HOTELS & RESORTS N.V. 2017 OMNIBUS INCENTIVE PLAN 
 
 WHEREAS , Playa Hotels & Resorts N.V. (the Company maintains the Playa Hotels & Resorts N.V. 2017 Omnibus Incentive Plan (the Plan 
 WHEREAS , pursuant to Section 5.2 of the Plan, the Board of Directors of the Company (the Board may amend the Plan at any time provided that, amendments to the Plan must be approved by the Company s shareholders if and to the extent required by applicable laws 
 WHEREAS , the Board desires to provide the Company with greater flexibility to determine the Fair Market Value of the Shares for purposes of determining taxable income and the amount of the related tax withholding obligation in connection with the vesting of Awards 
 WHEREAS , the Board desires to amend the Plan to effectuate the foregoing change, as set forth in this third amendment to the Plan (this Third Amendment 
 WHEREAS , pursuant to Section 5.2 of the Plan, shareholder approval is not required in order to adopt the Third Amendment and 
 WHEREAS , capitalized terms used in this Third Amendment but not defined herein shall have the meaning given to them in the Plan. 
 NOW, THEREFORE , the Board hereby amends the Plan, effective as of February 9, 2023, as follows 
 1. The last paragraph of Section 2.20 of the Plan is hereby deleted and replaced in its entirety with the following 
 Notwithstanding this Section 2.20 or Section 18.3 , for purposes of determining taxable income and the amount of the related tax withholding obligation pursuant to Section 18.3 , the Fair Market Value will be determined by the Company using any reasonable method provided , however , that for any Shares subject to an Award that are sold by or on behalf of a Grantee on the same date on which such shares may first be sold pursuant to the terms of the applicable Award Agreement, the Fair Market Value of such shares will be the sale price of such shares on such date (or if sales of such shares are effectuated at more than one sale price, the weighted average sale price of such shares on such date). 
 
 Except as specifically provided in and modified by this Third Amendment, the Plan is in all other respects hereby ratified and confirmed and references to the Plan shall be deemed to refer to the Plan as modified by this Third Amendment, effective as of February 9, 2023. 

PLAYA HOTELS & RESORTS N.V. By s Bruce D. Wardinski Name Bruce D. Wardinski Title Chairman & CEO 

2 

</EX-10.6>

<EX-21.1>
 4
 ye22-ex211xsubsidiarieslis.htm
 LIST OF SUBSIDIARIES

Document 

Exhibit 21.1 
 Subsidiaries of Playa Hotels & Resorts N.V. 
 Entity Name Jurisdiction of Incorporation Playa Management USA, LLC (Canadian Branches - Ontario and BC) Canada Paloma Capital N.V. Curacao Perfect Timing N.V. Curacao Perfect Tours N.V. Curacao Best Trip Tours & Travel, S.R.L. Dominican Republic Inversiones Vilazul, S.A.S. Dominican Republic Playa Cana B.V. (DR Branch) Dominican Republic Playa Dominican Resort B.V. (DR Branch) Dominican Republic Playa Management, LLC (DR Branch) Dominican Republic Playa Romana Mar B.V. (DR Branch) Dominican Republic Servicios PLYA DR Hoteles, S.A.S. Dominican Republic Ensenada Fugitiva Resort Limited Jamaica Ensenada Paraiso Resort Limited Jamaica Ensenada Rosa Grande Resort Limited Jamaica Hilmobay Resort Limited Jamaica JG Management Co. Limited Jamaica Montego Portfolio Limited Jamaica Playa Hall Jamaican Resort Limited Jamaica Rio Ensenada Mammee Resort Limited Jamaica Services PLYA Hotels Limited Jamaica Cameron del Caribe, S. de R.L. de C.V. Mexico Cameron del Pac fico, S. de R.L. de C.V. Mexico Desarrollos GCR, S. de R.L. de C.V. Mexico Gran Desing & Factory, S. de R.L. de C.V. Mexico Hotel Gran Caribe Real, S. de R.L. de C.V. Mexico Inmobiliaria Y Proyectos TRPLAYA, S. de R.L. de C.V. Mexico Playa Cabos Baja, S. de R.L. de C.V. Mexico Playa Gran, S. de R.L. de C.V. Mexico Playa Management, LLC (MX Branch) Mexico Playa Resorts Management Mexico, S. de R.L. de C.V. Mexico Playa Rmaya One, S. de R.L. de C.V. Mexico Servicios Hoteleros de Capri, S. de R.L. de C.V. Mexico Servicios Hoteleros de Punta Canc n, S. de R.L. de C.V. Mexico Servicios Hoteleros Grand Cabos Baja, S. de R.L. de C.V. Mexico Servicios Hoteleros Pvall, S. de R.L. de C.V. Mexico Servicios Hoteleros Rmaya One, S. de R.L. de C.V. Mexico Servicios PLYA Hotels & Resorts, S. de R.L.de C.V. Mexico Playa Cana B.V. Netherlands Playa Dominican Resort B.V. Netherlands Playa Hotels & Resorts N.V. Netherlands Playa H&R Holdings B.V. Netherlands Playa Resorts Holding B.V. Netherlands Playa Riviera Maya B.V. Netherlands Playa Romana B.V. Netherlands Playa Romana Mar B.V. Netherlands 

Entity Name Jurisdiction of Incorporation Dunn's River Resort Lucia Limited St. Lucia Grande Resort Lucia Limited St. Lucia Hilmobay Resort Lucia Limited St. Lucia Jamziv Mobay Lucia Limited St. Lucia Paradise Cove Resort Lucia Limited St. Lucia Runaway Bay Resort Lucia Limited St. Lucia St. James Parish Resort Limited St. Lucia Hilmobay Resort III, LLC U.S.A. Playa Dominican Resort III, LLC U.S.A. Playa Management, LLC U.S.A. Playa Management USA, LLC U.S.A. Playa Resorts Management, LLC U.S.A. Resort Room Sales, LLC U.S.A. Resort Room Sales II, LLC U.S.A. 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 5
 ye22-ex231xauditorconsent.htm
 CONSENT OF DELOITTE & TOUCHE LLP

Document 

Exhibit 23.1 
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in Registration Statement Nos. 333-223888, 333-225756, 333-239611, and 333-249413 on Form S-3 and Registration Statement Nos. 333-218017 and 333-248621 on Form S-8 of our report dated February 23, 2023, relating to the financial statements of Playa Hotels & Resorts N.V. and the effectiveness of Playa Hotels & Resorts N.V.'s internal control over financial reporting appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 s Deloitte & Touche LLP 
 McLean, VA 
 
 February 23, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 6
 ye22-exhibit311.htm
 CEO SECTION 302 CERTIFICATION

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, Bruce Wardinski, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Playa Hotels & Resorts N.V. 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)), for the registrant and have 
 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date February 23, 2023 s Bruce D. Wardinski Bruce D. Wardinski Chairman and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 7
 ye22-exhibit312.htm
 CFO SECTION 906 CERTIFICATION

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, Ryan Hymel, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Playa Hotels & Resorts N.V. 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)), for the registrant and have 
 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date February 23, 2023 s Ryan Hymel Ryan Hymel Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 8
 ye22-exhibit321.htm
 CEO SECTION 906 CERTIFICATION

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the Annual Report of Playa Hotels & Resorts N.V. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), the undersigned officer of the Company certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to such officer's knowledge 
 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 Date February 23, 2023 s Bruce D. Wardinski Bruce D. Wardinski Chairman and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 
 
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 
 
 The foregoing certification is being furnished solely pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 and is not being filed as a part of this report or on a separate disclosure document. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 9
 ye22-exhibit322.htm
 CFO SECTION 906 CERTIFICATION

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the Annual Report of Playa Hotels & Resorts N.V. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), the undersigned officer of the Company certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to such officer's knowledge 
 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 Date February 23, 2023 s Ryan Hymel Ryan Hymel Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 
 
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 
 
 The foregoing certification is being furnished solely pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 and is not being filed as a part of this report or on a separate disclosure document. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 10
 plya-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 11
 plya-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 12
 plya-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 13
 plya-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 14
 plya-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

