<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230331_10-K_edgar_data_1851860_0001213900-23-025453.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>7174994</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>440094</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1461408</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1612059</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1794383</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1701562</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>15</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-23-025453.hdr.sgml : 20230331
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230331160621
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-23-025453
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		81
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230331
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230331

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			SMART FOR LIFE, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001851860
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	MEDICINAL CHEMICALS & BOTANICAL PRODUCTS [2833]
		IRS NUMBER:				815360128
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41290
		FILM NUMBER:		23787591

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		990 BISCAYNE BLVD., SUITE 503
		CITY:			MIAMI
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33132
		BUSINESS PHONE:		786-749-1221

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		990 BISCAYNE BLVD., SUITE 503
		CITY:			MIAMI
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33132

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Bonne Sante Group, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20210317

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-23-025453.txt : 20230331

10-K
 1
 f10k2022_smartforlife.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

(Mark One) 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT
TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended: , 

TRANSITION REPORT
PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from ____________ to
_____________ 

Commission File No. 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of 
incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer 
Identification No.) , , , (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 

(Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g)
of the Act: None 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a
well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not
required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12
months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements
for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding
12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or emerging growth company.
See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, 
and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial
reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report.

If securities are registered pursuant to Section
12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction
of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check mark whether any of those error
corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s
executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate by check mark whether registrant is
a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No 

As of June 30, 2022 (the last business day of
the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter), the aggregate market value of the registrant s common stock
held by non-affiliates (based upon the closing price of such shares as reported on the Nasdaq Capital Market) was approximately 
million. Shares held by each executive officer and director and by each person who owns 10 or more of the outstanding common shares
have been excluded from the calculation in that such persons may be deemed to be affiliates of the registrant. This determination of
affiliate status is not necessarily a conclusive determination for other purposes. 

As of March 29, 2023, there were a total of 
shares of the registrant s common stock issued and outstanding. 

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

None. 

Smart for Life, Inc. 

Annual Report on Form 10-K 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

PART I 

Item 1. 
 Business. 
 1 
 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors. 
 13 
 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments. 
 31 
 
 Item 2. 
 Properties. 
 31 
 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings. 
 31 
 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures. 
 31 

PART II 

Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 
 32 
 
 Item 6. 
 [Reserved] 
 32 
 
 Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 33 
 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 
 44 
 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 
 44 
 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 
 44 
 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures. 
 44 
 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information. 
 45 
 
 Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions That Prevent Inspections. 
 45 

PART III 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 
 46 
 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation. 
 51 
 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 
 57 
 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 
 58 
 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services. 
 59 

PART IV 

Item 15. 
 Exhibit and Financial Statement Schedules. 
 60 
 
 Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary. 
 65 

i 

INTRODUCTORY NOTES 

Use of Terms 

Except as otherwise indicated by the context
and for the purposes of this report only, references in this report to we, us, our and our
company are to Smart for Life, Inc., a Delaware corporation, and its consolidated subsidiaries. 

Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 

This report contains forward-looking statements
that are based on our management s beliefs and assumptions and on information currently available to us. All statements other than
statements of historical facts are forward-looking statements. These statements relate to future events or to our future financial performance
and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause our actual results, levels of activity, performance
or achievements to be materially different from any future results, levels of activity, performance or achievements expressed or implied
by these forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements about: 

our
 goals and strategies; 

our
 future business development, financial condition and results of operations; 

expected
 changes in our revenue, costs or expenditures; 

growth
 of and competition trends in our industry; 

our
 expectations regarding demand for, and market acceptance of, our products; 

our
 expectations regarding our relationships with investors, institutional funding partners and
 other parties with which we collaborate; 

fluctuations
 in general economic and business conditions in the markets in which we operate; and 

relevant
 government policies and regulations relating to our industry. 

In some cases, you can identify forward-looking
statements by terms such as may, could, will, should, would, expect, 
 plan, intend, anticipate, believe, estimate, predict, 
 potential, project or continue or the negative of these terms or other comparable terminology.
These statements are only predictions. You should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements because they involve known and
unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors, which are, in some cases, beyond our control and which could materially affect results.
Factors that may cause actual results to differ materially from current expectations include, among other things, those listed under
Item 1A Risk Factors and elsewhere in this report. If one or more of these risks or uncertainties occur, or if our
underlying assumptions prove to be incorrect, actual events or results may vary significantly from those implied or projected by the
forward-looking statements. No forward-looking statement is a guarantee of future performance. 

In addition, statements that we believe 
and similar statements reflect our beliefs and opinions on the relevant subject. These statements are based upon information available
to us as of the date of this report, and while we believe such information forms a reasonable basis for such statements, such information
may be limited or incomplete, and our statements should not be read to indicate that we have conducted an exhaustive inquiry into, or
review of, all potentially available relevant information. These statements are inherently uncertain and investors are cautioned not
to unduly rely upon these statements. 

The forward-looking statements made in this report
relate only to events or information as of the date on which the statements are made in this report. Except as expressly required by
the federal securities laws, there is no undertaking to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result
of new information, future events, changed circumstances or any other reason. 

ii 

PART I 

ITEM
1. BUSINESS. 

Overview 

We are engaged in the development, marketing,
manufacturing, acquisition, operation and sale of a broad spectrum of nutritional and related products with an emphasis on health and
wellness. Structured as a global holding company, we are executing a buy-and-build strategy with serial accretive acquisitions creating
a vertically integrated company with an objective of aggregating companies generating a minimum of 300 million in revenues by the fourth
quarter of 2026. To drive growth and earnings, we are developing proprietary products as well as acquiring other profitable companies,
encompassing brands, manufacturing and distribution channels. 

We also operate a network platform in the affiliate
marketing space. Affiliate marketing is an advertising model in which a product vendor compensates third-party digital marketers to generate
traffic or leads for the product vendor s products and services. The third-party digital marketers are referred to as affiliates,
and the commission fee incentivizes them to find ways to promote the products being sold by the product vendor. 

Business Model 

We are engaged in a comprehensive program to
develop a robust pipeline of prospective acquisitions in addition to the companies currently operated by us. Our management has significant
experience in locating and evaluating prospective target operating companies. We have also entered into buy-side agreements with certain
advisers and consultants to assist management in identifying and evaluating prospective target operating companies. The nutritional products
industry is highly fragmented with a large pool of companies generating less than 20 million in revenues representing significant opportunity
for industry consolidation. 

We plan to acquire target companies utilizing
a combination of cash, promissory notes, earnouts and public company stock, generally at 4x to 6x trailing adjusted EBITDA (earnings
before interest, taxes, depreciation, and amortization). Aside from our first acquisition described below, we intend on paying no more
than 60 cash on any acquisition that we execute with a target of 50 . The remainder is allocated between stock and a note and/or earnout
with a heavier weighting toward the former. Although the acquisition consideration is structured, we believe that our acquisitions will
provide three distinct benefits to the principals of an acquisition - first, a significant liquidity event; second, the creation of a
significant equity position in an emerging growth public company; and third, ongoing employment at customary industry compensation. 

We plan to acquire multiple companies aggregating
a minimum of 300 million in annualized revenues by the fourth quarter of 2026. We do not currently have sufficient capital to complete
these acquisitions. We intend to raise capital for additional acquisitions primarily through debt financing at our operating company
level, additional equity offerings by our company, or by undertaking a combination of any of the above. The sale of additional equity
securities could result in dilution to our stockholders. The incurrence of indebtedness would result in increased debt service obligations
and could require us to agree to operating and financial covenants that would restrict our operations. Financing may not be available
in amounts or on terms acceptable to us, if at all. 

There is no guarantee that we will be able to
acquire additional businesses under the terms outlined above or that we will be able to find additional acquisition candidates should
we terminate our plans for any of our current acquisition targets. 

Corporate History and Structure 

Our company was incorporated in the State of
Delaware on February 2, 2017 under the name Bonne Sant Group, Inc. On August 4, 2021, we changed our name to Smart for Life,
Inc. in connection with the acquisition of DSO described below. 

On March 8, 2018, we acquired 51 of Millenium
Natural Manufacturing Corp. and Millenium Natural Health Products Inc. for a purchase price of 2,140,272. On October 8, 2019, we entered
into an agreement to acquire the remaining 49 of these companies, which was completed on October 8, 2019. On September 30, 2020, we
changed the name of Millenium Natural Manufacturing Corp. to Bonne Sante Natural Manufacturing, Inc., or BSNM, and on November 24, 2020,
we merged Millenium Natural Health Products Inc. into BSNM to better reflect our vertical integration. 

1 

On February 11, 2020, we entered into securities
purchase agreement, which was amended on July 7, 2020 and June 4, 2021, to acquire all of the issued and outstanding equity interests
of Doctors Scientific Organica, LLC d/b/a Smart for Life, Oyster Management Services, Ltd., Lawee Enterprises, L.L.C. and U.S. Medical
Care Holdings, L.L.C. On July 1, 2021, the acquisition was completed. On August 27, 2021, we transferred all of the equity interests
of Oyster Management Services, Ltd., Lawee Enterprises, L.L.C. and U.S. Medical Care Holdings, L.L.C. to Doctors Scientific Organica,
LLC. On December 13, 2022, we converted Oyster Management Services, Ltd. to a limited liability company known as Oyster Management Services,
L.L.C. On May 19, 2022, we acquired Lavi Enterprises, LLC. On the same date, we transferred all of the equity interests of Lavi Enterprises,
LLC to Doctors Scientific Organica, LLC. As a result, these entities are now wholly owned subsidiaries of Doctors Scientific Organica,
LLC. In this report, we collectively refer to Doctors Scientific Organica, LLC and its consolidated subsidiaries as DSO. 

On August 24, 2021, we established Smart for
Life Canada Inc. as a wholly owned subsidiary of Doctors Scientific Organica, LLC in Canada. This subsidiary sells retail products through
a retail store location in Montreal Canada and the same location also acts as distribution center for our international direct to consumer
and big box customers. We maintain inventory and employees at this location. 

On July 21, 2021, we entered into a securities
purchase agreement, which was amended on November 8, 2021, to acquire all of the issued and outstanding capital stock of Nexus Offers,
Inc., or Nexus. On November 8, 2021, the acquisition was completed. 

On November 29, 2021, we entered into a contribution
and exchange agreement to acquire all of the issued and outstanding capital stock of GSP Nutrition Inc., or GSP. On December 6, 2021,
the acquisition was completed. 

On
March 14, 2022, we entered into securities purchase agreement, which
was amended on July 29, 2022, to acquire all of the issued and outstanding equity interests of Ceautamed Worldwide LLC and
its wholly-owned subsidiaries Wellness Watchers Global, LLC and Greens First Female LLC, which we collectively refer to in this report 
as Ceautamed. On July 29, 2022, the acquisition was completed. 

On August 15, 2022, we organized Smart Acquisition
Group, LLC in the State of Florida. This subsidiary is 50 owned by our company and 50 owned by Stuart Benson, the former owner and
principal of Ceautamed. This special purpose subsidiary is dedicated exclusively to the identification, negotiation, financing, and acquisition
of companies synergistic to our buy-and-build business model. 

Corporate Structure 

The following charts depict our organization
structure. 

2 

Our Industry 

The markets in which we operate are characterized
by rapid technological changes, frequent new product introductions, established and emerging competition, extensive intellectual property
disputes and litigation, price competition, aggressive marketing practices, evolving industry standards and changing customer preferences.
Accordingly, our prospects must be considered in light of the uncertainties, risks, expenses, and difficulties frequently encountered
by companies operating in rapidly changing and competitive markets. 

Nutraceutical Industry 

The nutraceutical industry focuses on nutritional
supplements intended to improve longevity, sports fitness and provide health benefits in addition to the basic nutritional value present
in food. Most people are familiar with various nutraceutical products and have likely used them even if they are unfamiliar
with the industry name. Nutraceuticals comprise such commonly used items as herbal products, specific diet products, vitamins, processed
foods and beverages, functional foods, isolated nutrients and other dietary products. Functional foods are foods that have a potentially
positive effect on health beyond basic nutrition. A familiar example of a functional food is oatmeal because it contains soluble fiber
that can help lower cholesterol levels. Some foods are also modified to have health benefits. An example is orange juice that has been
fortified with calcium for bone health. 

The following table prepared by the Council for
Responsible Nutrition (www.crnusa.org), or CRN, depicts the types of supplements taken by the population in the different indicated categories
beginning in 2018 and estimated through 2027. We sell products across all of these product categories, and we believe that our market
share in each of these categories is currently less than 1 . 

SOURCE: Council for Responsible Nutrition 

The nutraceutical industry has experienced significant
growth across the globe, propelled by the increasing age expectancies and associated increases in diseases of aging and lifestyle. A
shift in demographics has also allowed manufacturers to benefit in recent years. The number of Americans ages 65 and older is projected
to nearly double from 52 million in 2018 to 95 million by 2060, and the 65-and-older age group s share of the total population
will rise from 16 to 23 . Moreover, the CRN reported 77 of U.S. adults take dietary supplements. 

Nutraceuticals are garnering immense attention
in recent years due to various trends including changing lifestyles, burgeoning middle-class segment across emerging economies, transforming
dietary habits, aging population, and increased life expectancy. In addition, the focus of R D based pharmaceutical sector on expensive
specialty drugs is increasing the burden on the healthcare system as well as resulting in higher out-of-pocket costs for drugs driving
the focus on prevention than intervention. The self-care trend across the world is driving strong demand for nutraceuticals including
superfoods, food and dietary supplements, sports nutrition, and functional foods and beverages. Given the hectic lifestyles and the lack
of time for consumption of the required nutrients through regular diet, the need for replenishing such essential nutrients is increasing.
In this context, nutraceuticals are emerging to be the solution for meeting this requirement. Nutraceuticals are considered to be the
vital link between health and food. 

The market is also experiencing strong demand
for personalized approaches to wellness that is driving product innovation in the areas of weight management, sports nutrition, and healthy
snacking. Other noteworthy trends benefiting market prospects in the near term include emergence of clean labeling as a new norm owing
to increasing focus of consumers on ingredient list on the product; innovative delivery technologies such as microencapsulation, which
protects the product from adverse conditions such as light and air. 

As the overall population continues to turn to
healthier living in hopes of offsetting rising healthcare expenditures and preventing general subpar health conditions, we believe that
the demand for nutraceutical industry products will resemble a similar trend. 

3 

Digital Marketing 

As a result of our acquisition of Nexus, we have
entered the digital marketing industry as a way to promote the products and brands that we sell. Digital marketing is a component of
marketing that uses internet and online based digital technologies such as desktop computers, mobile phones and other digital media and
platforms to promote products and services. 

The COVID-19 pandemic resulted in people staying
at home and/or working remotely from home, resulting in huge increase in online traffic. Clicks and display ads are among the most prominent
forms of digital marketing initiatives. Clicks are expensive compared to display ads, as clicks ensure the customer is directed to the
advertiser s website. However, clicks provide a better return on investment. 

Our Operating Subsidiaries 

BSNM 

BSNM is a nutraceutical contract manufacturer.
Since 1998, our strong manufacturing capabilities and dedication to our clients has enabled us to build relationships with hundreds of
customers throughout the United States and around the world, including South America, Central America and Europe. We specialize in a
wide variety of products to fill our client s needs, from the private labeling of vitamins, dietary supplements, nutraceuticals,
sport nutrition and broad-spectrum nutritional supplements. Our experienced team of scientists, formulators, and manufacturing experts
have the years of knowledge necessary to take our client s concepts all the way from initial idea to finished product. In addition,
we can provide the support for a simple and cost-effective turn key solution to manufacturing existing formulations. 

To meet the specific demands of any order, we
have state-of-the-art manufacturing and packaging lines to decrease cost and maximize efficiencies. We certify that all products and
labels meet stringent U.S. Food and Drug Administration, or FDA, requirements and our quality control associates will continually monitor
the entire process until products are delivered. Our goal is to exceed our customer s expectations with respect to product quality,
service and price. 

DSO 

DSO manufactures, sells and owns the Smart for
Life brand of natural health and wellness meal replacement products. The brand includes proprietary hunger suppressing functional foods
that are designed to work with the body s natural ability to lose weight. The program uses an exact protein-to-sugar ratio, a low
glycemic index and glycemic load as well as multiple small meals throughout the day to deliver specific amounts of protein, super fibers
and complex carbs to suppress hunger, keep sugar and insulin low and trigger the body s release of the fat releasing hormone glucagon. 

Our Smart for Life products deliver: 

Hunger
 controlling protein mix 

No
 toxins or preservatives 

The
 right amount of protein per calorie ratio 

No
 insulin spike, lets glucagon do its job 

A
 small amount of essential good fats 

Right
 amount of complex carbs 

DSO also develops premium supplements and commodities
that will promote optimal health and wellness. This natural product line uses simple quality ingredients to help create a more sustainable
lifestyle. DSO has over 15 years of experience providing high-quality products to premium retail locations and companies. DSO branded
vitamins and supplements are also being sold through Amazon, and this sales channel is becoming a major contributor to the growth of
the brand online. All products are packaged in eco-friendly and bio-degradable packaging. 

4 

GSP 

GSP is a sports nutrition company. It offers
nutritional supplements for athletes and active lifestyle consumers through a variety of wellness solutions and delivery methods, including
powders, tablets and soft gels that are formulated to support energy and performance; nutrition and wellness; and focus and clarity. 

GSP s initial line of nutritional products
are marketed under the Sports Illustrated Nutrition brand. The product line currently consists of whey protein isolate powder, tablet
supplements for joint health, nitric oxide, post workout blends, Omega-3 supplements, and pre-workout supplements, among others. 

We believe that the Sports Illustrated brand
is one of the most recognized brands in sports and athletics. GSP has a license for the exclusive use of the Sports Illustrated brand
(excluding the Sports Illustrated Swimsuit brand for which it has a right of first offer under the license) for certain dietary and nutritional
supplements, in each case to be sold to/through certain approved accounts in the United States and Canada. See Intellectual
Property below for additional details regarding this license. 

Ceautamed 

Ceautamed is based in Boca Raton, Florida and
is primarily engaged in the development and distribution of a wide variety of nutritional products, including antioxidant rich supplements,
plant-based protein, alkalizing nutrients and products designed for weight management. 

Ceautamed owns the Greens First line of branded
products which have been specifically marketed to the healthcare provider sector. These vitamins and supplements have been sold on a
business-to-business basis, direct-to-consumer, as well as sold utilizing an international medical distribution company. 

The mission is to create a healthier world with
nutritious wellness products made from the highest quality ingredients for superior benefits. 

Nexus 

Nexus operates a cost per action/cost per acquisition
network. This network consists of hundreds of digital marketers who stand ready to market products introduced to the Nexus network. The
cost per action/cost per acquisition model is where digital marketers are paid for an action (e.g., a product sale or lead generation)
that is taken as a direct result of their marketing efforts. Through the digital marketer s method of marketing, the digital marketer
sends traffic to one of the product vendor s offers listed on the network. 

Nexus has relationships with both product vendors
and digital marketers. A product vendor is a Nexus customer that has products, whether digital or physical, for sale and is looking for
increased sales through digital marketing avenues from digital marketers. Digital marketers are Nexus contractors that engage in digital
marketing. An example of a digital marketer is someone who has a strong Facebook following, or a strong knowledge of Facebook ad
marketing. Other examples include google ad marketing or email marketers who send marketing messages to an opted in list of subscribers.
Historically, Nexus customers consisted exclusively of owners of digital products that were also delivered digitally. Following
our acquisition of Nexus, BSNM, DSO, GSP and Ceautamed, as well as any additional nutraceutical companies that we acquire in the future,
will also become customers of Nexus. Nexus will use its online marketplace to market our nutraceutical products through its network of
digital marketers. Our nutraceutical product companies will then sell and physically deliver the nutraceutical products to the end users
identified through the efforts of the digital marketers. Nexus has the ability to plug and play with any of the products
sold by companies that we may acquire in the future as we can take the consumer facing products being sold by those companies and seamlessly add
them to the Nexus network to generate sales. 

Product vendors come to Nexus to increase sales
of their products and digital marketers come to Nexus to receive a commission in exchange for their marketing efforts, which are designed
to generate sales for the product vendors. When a digital marketer s marketing efforts results in a sale of a product by a product
vendor, the digital marketer is then credited with a commission. The product vendor is billed weekly for the sales that the product vendor
makes during the week as the result of such digital marketers marketing efforts. The product vendor pays Nexus and Nexus pays
the digital marketer. This is an anonymous transaction as digital marketers and product vendors are only defined inside the marketplace
by an offer name (product vendor) and an affiliate number (digital marketer). 

5 

Manufacturing, Distribution and Quality Control

BSNM operates a 22,000 square foot manufacturing
facility in Doral, Florida. This facility primarily focuses on the contract manufacturing of vitamins and supplements, with a particular
emphasis on the production of tablets, capsules and powders, along with turn-key solutions for packaging these health and wellness products
in a wide variety of bottles, jars, sachets and stick packs. From inception through December 31, 2022, it has manufactured nutritional
products for approximately 245 companies, and during the year ended December 31, 2022, it manufactured nutritional products for approximately
23 companies. 

DSO operates a 30,000 square foot manufacturing
facility in Riviera Beach, Florida. This facility is primarily focused on the production of natural health and wellness meal replacement
products, including nutrition bars, cookies, soups and shakes, as well as some vitamin and supplement capabilities such as powders. In
addition to our own products, DSO manufactures products on behalf of third parties. From inception through December 31, 2022, it has
manufactured nutritional products for approximately 29 companies, and during the year ended December 31, 2022, it manufactured nutritional
products for approximately 21 companies. 

GSP and Ceautamed rely on third-party contract
manufacturers to manufacture their products. 

All our manufacturing operations are subject
to good manufacturing practices, or GMPs, promulgated by the FDA and other applicable regulatory standards. We believe our manufacturing
processes comply with the GMPs for dietary supplements or foods, and our manufacturing and distribution facilities generally have sufficient
capacity to meet our current business requirements and our currently anticipated sales. We place special emphasis on quality control.
We assign lot numbers to all raw materials and initially hold them in quarantine while our quality department evaluates them for compliance
with established specifications. Once released, we retain samples and process the material according to approved formulas by blending,
mixing and technically processing as necessary. We manufacture products in final delivery form as a capsule, tablet, powder, or nutrition
bar. After a product is manufactured, our laboratory analysts test its weight, purity, potency, disintegration and dissolution, if applicable,
utilizing both internal equipment and third-party labs. We hold the product in quarantine until we complete the quality evaluation and
determine that the product meets all applicable specifications before packaging. When the manufactured product meets all specifications,
our automated packaging equipment packages the product with at least one tamper-evident safety seal and affixes a label, an indelible
lot number and, in most cases, the expiration or best by date. 

Our manufacturing operations are designed to
allow low-cost production of a wide variety of products of different quantities, physical sizes and packaging formats, while maintaining
a high level of customer service and quality. Flexible production line changeover capabilities and reduced cycle times allow us to respond
quickly to changes in manufacturing schedules and customer demands. 

We have inventory control systems at our facilities
that track each manufacturing and packaging component as we receive it from our supply sources through manufacturing and shipment of
each product to customers. To facilitate this tracking, most products we sell are bar coded. We believe our distribution capabilities
increase our flexibility in responding to our customers delivery requirements. 

Raw Materials and Suppliers 

In fiscal 2022 and 2021, we spent approximately
 9,335,000 and 3,454,000, respectively, on raw materials, excluding packaging and similar product materials. The principal raw materials
required in our operations are vitamins, minerals, herbs, and gelatin. We believe that there are adequate sources of supply for all our
principal raw materials, and in general we maintain two to three suppliers for many of our raw materials. From time to time, weather
or unpredictable fluctuations in the supply and demand may affect price, quantity, availability, or selection of raw materials. We believe
that our strong relationships with our suppliers yield high quality, competitive pricing, and overall good service to our customers.
Although we cannot be sure that our sources of supply for our principal raw materials will be adequate in all circumstances, we believe
that we can develop alternate sources in a timely and cost-effective manner if our current sources become inadequate. During fiscal 2022,
two raw material suppliers, American International Foods and Univar USA, accounted for 16 and 11 , respectively, our raw material purchases.
Due to availability of numerous alternative raw material suppliers, we do not believe that the loss of any single raw material supplier
would have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial condition or results of operations. See Item 1A Risk Factors Risks
Related to Our Business and Industry An increase in the price and shortage of supply of key raw materials could adversely affect
our business. 

6 

Sales and Marketing 

We employ many different techniques and strategies
within our marketing initiatives. These include direct to consumer outreach, use of influencers through social media, Facebook targeting,
focused e-mail campaigns, and traditional media. Our marketing goal is always to increase visibility and relevance of our brands in the
minds of our customers and potential customers. We hope to expand our programs to include experimental marketing techniques in the future. 

We recently shifted the marketing focus of Nexus
to target the nutraceutical industry away from all other efforts, which we believe will become a value-added component of our marketing
strategies. 

Customers 

BSNM, DSO, GSP and Ceautamed primarily sell products
to customers under individual purchase orders placed by them under their standard terms and conditions of sale. These terms and conditions
generally include insurance requirements, representations by us with respect to the quality of our products and our manufacturing process,
our obligations to comply with law, and indemnifications by us if we breach our representations or obligations. There is no commitment
from any customer to purchase from us, or from us to sell to them, any minimum amount of product. During fiscal 2022, Amazon and Costco,
accounted for 30 and 10 , respectively, of our total revenues. 

Ceautamed has also entered distribution agreements
with Boxout whereby it acts as an exclusive distributor of certain of Ceautamed s products to professional health and wellness
providers and service locations, and to any distributors selling to such providers and locations, within the U.S. and Canada, as well
as through e-commerce websites Amazon, Ebay and Walmart. 

As described above, Nexus customers are
product vendors. Although the number of customers that Nexus has fluctuates from year to year, it has established long-term relationships
with its significant product vendors, but it does not have long-term contracts with any of its customers. The relationship with customers
can be terminated at any time by either party; however, as a result of Nexus extensive network of digital marketers, which drive
sales for product vendors, the average length of Nexus relationships with its significant customers is 3 years. Most of Nexus 
customers are acquired through existing customer referrals. Nexus also attends Internet marketing conferences to promote is service. 

The loss of any major customer would have a material
adverse effect on us if we were unable to replace that customer. See Item 1A Risk Factors Risks Related to Our Business
and Industry Our major customers account for a significant portion of our consolidated net sales and the loss of any major customer
could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations . 

Competition 

The nutraceutical industry is highly competitive.
Our competitors include a number of large, nationally known brands such as Nature Made (Pharmavite), Nature s Bounty, GNC, Spectrum
(Hain Celestial), Country Life, Garden of Life and Jarrow Formulas, and many smaller brands, manufacturers and distributors. The sales
of products through online marketplace platforms such as Amazon and firms websites continue to expand. Private label products
also provide competition to our products. Whole Foods Market, Walmart, CVS, Walgreens and many health stores also sell a portion of their
nutritional supplement offerings under their own private labels. Private label products are often sold at a discount to branded products.
We also compete with distributors that sell products to health stores as well as mass market retailers such as United Natural Foods and
KeHE Distributors. In addition, several major pharmaceutical companies continue to offer nutritional supplement lines in the mass market,
including Centrum (Pfizer and GSK) and One-A-Day (Bayer). Pharmaceutical companies also offer prescription and over-the-counter products
that are or may be competitive with nutritional supplements, particularly with regard to certain categories of products. Finally, as
the nutraceutical market generally has low barriers to entry, additional competitors enter the market regularly. 

Nexus competitors would be any digital
marketing agency in the cost per acquisition space looking to acquire exclusive advertiser offers and high end publishers who can send
high amounts of traffic through digital marketing media. Examples include Ca hNetwork, OfferBlueprint and MaxBounty. 

7 

Competitive Strengths 

Based on management s belief and experience
in the industry, we believe that the following competitive strengths enable us to compete effectively. 

Proprietary
 manufacturing facilities . BSNM and DSO own and operate proprietary manufacturing
 facilities, which allow for a high level of managerial control over all aspects of production,
 including sourcing, logistics and maintaining the highest levels of quality during the manufacturing
 process. Through direct ownership, we are able to optimize our sales and marketing practices
 and provide a completely integrated approach, all solidified by a single manufacturing platform
 for capsules, tablets, powders and various other delivery methods for all vitamins and supplements.
 In addition, as a private label contract manufacturer for third parties, we can provide a
 turnkey solution for brands and retailers who want to minimize their supply chain disruption
 and maximize their control over product flow to end customers. In addition, as a middle market-sized
 contract manufacturer, we are not encumbered by the often overly complex processes that our
 larger competitors may have. We can be nimble and highly adaptable, flexing 
 with our customers needs as they change over time, which allows us to better service
 our ever-expanding international client base. We are able to maintain a competitive advantage
 due to our vertically integrated operational control. This vertical integration also allows
 us to minimize intellectual property and data security risks, while also eliminating costs,
 improving focus, optimizing quality and launching with a faster time-to-market for new products.
 We retain control over every step of the manufacturing processes, allowing us to establish
 our own institutional advantages and maximize efficiencies. 

Established
 and trusted brands . Smart for Life, Doctors Scientific Organica, Sports Illustrated
 Nutrition and Greens First are well-established brands in the in the health and wellness
 industry. In particular, Smart for Life products are currently sold in many of the largest
 big-box retailers in the United States and Canada, including Costco, Walmart, Sam s
 Club, BJ s and Publix, as well as through online channels such as Amazon. DSO has established
 a dedicated following of consumers that are strong believers in the high-quality vitamins
 and supplements it sells to its customers, along with the eco-friendly and bio-degradable
 packaging, with Amazon sales numbers continuing to increase as a result. We believe that
 the Sports Illustrated brand is one of the most recognized brands in sports and athletics.
 In connection with our acquisition of GSP, we acquired a license for the exclusive use of
 the Sports Illustrated brand (excluding the Sports Illustrated Swimsuit brand for which we
 have a right of first offer under the license) for certain dietary and nutritional supplements,
 in each case to be sold to/through certain approved accounts in the United States and Canada. 

Client
 focused innovative research and development . We believe that our research and development
 team adds significant value to our company and our customers and is a differentiating factor
 for our company. We strive to be technology driven leveraging technology, science, and innovation
 in our research and development efforts. We work closely with our clients to create and develop
 new and exciting products. We frequently work directly with our customers in our research
 and development labs to create innovative solutions that create value for our customers in
 a timely manner. Our team works closely with physicians to create novel wholesome products
 that add nutritional and functional value. 

Ability
 to market through captive marketing subsidiary . We believe that our subsidiary, Nexus,
 allows us access to a broad spectrum of marketing tools to be utilized across the entire
 spectrum of our products. We believe that having an experienced management team and existing
 customer base accessible to all of our other brands in our portfolio will allow us to drive
 sales and revenue of existing products as well as test new product offerings generated through
 our research and development. 

Referral
 only network based on long term relationships . Nexus operates a referral only network,
 meaning that all of its digital marketers are referred. There is no way to get a Nexus account other
 than being directly referred by a known good account holder. This allows Nexus to stem any
 fraudulent traffic, which we believe is a substantial competitive advantage for product vendors.
 Nexus has also established long term relationships with its product vendors and offers competitive
 bonuses for its digital marketer base. We believe that these factors set Nexus apart from
 its competition. 

Growth Strategies 

We will strive to grow our business by pursuing
the following growth strategies. 

Acquisition
 of additional businesses . The nutritional products industry is highly fragmented
 with a large pool of companies generating less than 20 million in revenues representing
 significant opportunity for industry consolidation. As noted above, we plan to acquire multiple
 companies aggregating a minimum of 300 million in annualized revenues by the fourth quarter
 of 2026. As noted above, we also do not currently have sufficient capital to complete these
 acquisitions. We intend to raise capital for additional acquisitions primarily through debt
 financing at our operating company level, additional equity offerings by our company, or
 by undertaking a combination of any of the above. The sale of additional equity securities
 could result in dilution to our stockholders. The incurrence of indebtedness would result
 in increased debt service obligations and could require us to agree to operating and financial
 covenants that would restrict our operations. Financing may not be available in amounts or
 on terms acceptable to us, if at all. There is no guarantee that we will be able to acquire
 additional businesses under the terms outlined above or that we will be able to find additional
 acquisition candidates should we terminate our plans for any of our current acquisition targets. 

8 

Increase
 sales from existing and new customers . We expect to continue to drive growth
 for our consumer products branded business through our increased focus on our top brands
 and continued expansion in various health and wellness categories, which we expect to result
 in incremental shelf space with existing customers and new customer additions. We expect
 that our focus on delivering tangible benefits to consumers through product innovation will
 not only benefit us but also benefit our customers. Our ability to supply both branded and
 private label products broadens and deepens our partnerships with key retail customers, providing
 us more opportunities for category leadership and growth. We view the private label business
 as an important and valuable service that we provide to key accounts. 

Further
 penetrate international markets . Our products are currently marketed and sold in
 approximately two countries. In fiscal 2022, approximately 10 of our sales were to customers
 outside the United States. We plan to capitalize on our marketing and distribution capabilities
 to drive incremental international sales of our consumer product brands in emerging markets,
 which are characterized by a rising middle class and a strong demand for high quality nutritional
 and wellness products from U.S.-based manufacturers. 

Drive
 productivity through operational efficiencies . We expect to continue to focus on
 improving efficiency across our operations to allow us to reduce costs in our manufacturing
 facilities as well as across our overhead cost areas. Our recent acquisition of DSO significantly
 increased our production capacity. In addition, we have launched an initiative to optimize
 our product portfolio, which we expect will enable further efficiencies across our manufacturing
 network. We are also introducing new initiatives that leverage automation, standardization
 and simplification and are expected to increase productivity across our operations. 

Intellectual Property 

We believe trademark protection is particularly
important to the maintenance of the recognized brand names under which we market our products. We own or have rights to material trademarks
or trade names that we use in conjunction with the sale of our products, including the Smart for Life, Doctors Scientific Organica, Greens
First, and Sports Illustrated Nutrition brand names. We also own website domain names and have proprietary methodologies that we use
in our manufacturing businesses. We also rely upon trade secrets, know-how, continuing technological innovations and licensing opportunities
to develop and maintain our competitive position. 

In January 2020, GSP entered into a license agreement,
which was amended on June 1, 2020 and August 1, 2021, for the exclusive use of the Sports Illustrated brand (excluding the Sports Illustrated
Swimsuit brand for which GSP has a right of first offer under the license) in the United States and Canada for dietary and nutritional
supplements in the form of capsules, softgel tablets, chewable tablets, lozenges, gummies, protein bars, and protein powders and concentrates
for preparing sports drinks or energy drinks, and the non-exclusive right to use the brand for the production and sale of shaker bottles,
in each case to be sold to/through certain approved accounts in the United States and Canada. 

As consideration for the license, GSP must pay
royalties in an amount that is between 4 and 14 of net sales (as defined in the license agreement) with certain amounts guaranteed
in advance. The aggregate amount of such guaranteed royalties is 1 million for the initial term of the license agreement. In addition,
GSP must contribute an amount ranging between 1 and 3 of its net sales to a common marketing fund, to be spent on an annual basis on
marketing efforts, including advertising and promotional campaigns. 

The license agreement has a term of five years
ending on December 31, 2024, with a right to renew for an additional five-year term by providing written notice of renewal between June
1, 2023 and July 31, 2023. The licensor may terminate the license agreement upon breach by GSP of the payment or other terms of the license
agreement (which is not cured within the applicable cure period, if any, if such breach is capable of cure) or in the event of certain
other customary termination events. GSP may terminate the license agreement upon a material breach by the licensor if such breach
is not cured with thirty (30) business days of the licensor s receipt of written notice thereof. 

9 

We protect our intellectual property rights through
a variety of methods, including trademark, patent and trade secret laws, as well as confidentiality agreements and proprietary information
agreements with vendors, employees, consultants and others who have access to our proprietary information. Protection of our intellectual
property often affords us the opportunity to enhance our position in the marketplace by precluding our competitors from using or otherwise
exploiting our technology and brands. We are also a party to several intellectual property license agreements relating to certain of
our products. The duration of our trademark registrations is generally 10, 15 or 20 years, depending on the country in which the
marks are registered, and we can renew the registrations. The scope and duration of our intellectual property protection varies throughout
the world by jurisdiction and by individual product. Our global trademark portfolio, with the aforementioned registration durations,
consists of our core marks for our business and our proprietary product brands which drive significant brand awareness for all of our
businesses. Our proprietary product formulas and recipes, maintained as trade secrets, are significant to our growth and success
as they form the foundation for our production and sales of effective, high quality products. 

Employees 

As of December 31, 2022, we had approximately
145 employees with approximately 68 of such employees being engaged in our manufacturing operations and the balance being engaged in
management or middle management. None of our employees are represented by labor unions, and we believe that we have an excellent relationship
with our employees. 

Regulation 

Our business is subject to varying degrees of
regulation by a number of government authorities in the United States, including the FDA, the Federal Trade Commission, or the FTC, the
Consumer Product Safety Commission, or the CPSC, the U.S. Department of Agriculture, or the USDA, and U.S. Environmental Protection Agency,
or the EPA. Various agencies of the state and localities in which we operate and in which our products are sold also regulate our business. 

The areas of our business that these and other
authorities regulate include, among others: 

product
 claims and advertising; 

product
 labels; 

product
 ingredients; and 

how
 we manufacture, package, distribute, import, export, sell and store our products. 

In addition, our products sold in foreign countries
are also subject to regulation under various national, local and international laws that include provisions governing, among other things,
the formulation, manufacturing, packaging, labeling, advertising and distribution of dietary supplements and over-the-counter drugs. 

As a result of the acquisition of Nexus, we are
also subject to laws and regulations generally applicable to providers of digital marketing services, including federal and state laws
and regulations governing data security and privacy, unfair and deceptive acts and practices, advertising and content regulation. 

We are also subject to a variety of other regulations
in the United States, including those relating to taxes, employment, import and export, and intellectual property. 

Food and Drug Administration 

The Dietary Supplement Health and Education Act
of 1994, or DSHEA, amended the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act, or the FDC Act, to establish a new framework governing the composition,
safety, labeling, manufacturing and marketing of dietary supplements. Generally, under the FDC Act, dietary ingredients (i.e., vitamins;
minerals; herb or other botanical; amino acids; or dietary substances for use by humans to supplement diet by increasing total dietary
intake; or any concentrate, metabolite, constituent, extract or combination of any of the above) that were marketed in the United States
prior to October 15, 1994 may be used in dietary supplements without notifying the FDA. New dietary ingredients (i.e., dietary
ingredients that were not marketed in the United States before October 15, 1994) must be the subject of a new dietary ingredient
notification submitted to the FDA unless the ingredient has been present in the food supply as an article used for food 
without being chemically altered. A new dietary ingredient notification must provide the FDA evidence of a history
of use or other evidence of safety establishing that use of the dietary ingredient will reasonably be expected to be safe. 
A new dietary ingredient notification must be submitted to the FDA at least 75 days before the initial marketing of the new dietary
ingredient. The FDA may determine that a new dietary ingredient notification does not provide an adequate basis to conclude that a dietary
ingredient is reasonably expected to be safe. Such a determination could prevent the marketing of such dietary ingredient. 

10 

In 2011 and 2016, the FDA issued draft guidance
setting forth recommendations for complying with the new dietary ingredient notification requirement. Although FDA guidance is non-binding
and does not establish legally enforceable responsibilities, and companies are free to use an alternative approach if the approach satisfies
the requirements of applicable laws and regulations, FDA guidance is a strong indication of the FDA s current thinking on the topic
discussed in the guidance, including its position on enforcement. At this time, it is difficult to determine whether the 2016 draft guidance
(which replaced the 2011 draft guidance), if finalized, would have a material impact on our operations. However, if the FDA were to enforce
the applicable statutes and regulations in accordance with the draft guidance as written, such enforcement could require us to incur
additional expenses, which could be significant, and negatively impact our business in several ways, including, but not limited to, enjoining
the manufacturing of our products until the FDA determines that we are in compliance and can resume manufacturing, increasing our liability
and reducing our growth prospects. 

The FDA or other agencies could take actions
against products or product ingredients that, in their determination, present an unreasonable health risk to consumers that would make
it illegal for us to sell such products. In addition, the FDA could issue consumer warnings with respect to the products or ingredients
in such products that are sold in our stores. Such actions or warnings could be based on information received through FDC Act-mandated
reporting of serious adverse events. 

We take a number of actions to ensure the products
we sell comply with the FDC Act. Some of these actions include maintaining and continuously updating a list of restricted ingredients
that will be prohibited from inclusion in any products that we sell. In addition, we have developed and maintain a list of ingredients
that we believe comply with the applicable provisions of the FDC Act. As is common in our industry, we rely on some third-party
vendors to ensure that the products they manufacture and sell to us comply with all applicable regulatory and legislative requirements.
In general, we seek representations and warranties, indemnification and/or insurance from our vendors. However, even with adequate insurance
and indemnification, any claims of non-compliance could significantly damage our reputation and consumer confidence in our products.
In addition, the failure of such products to comply with applicable regulatory and legislative requirements could prevent us from marketing
the products or require us to recall or remove such products from the market, which in certain cases could materially and adversely affect
our business, financial condition and results of operations. A removal or recall could also result in negative publicity and damage to
our reputation that could reduce future demand for our products. In the past, we have attempted to offset any losses related to recalls
and removals with reformulated or alternative products; however, there can be no assurance that we would be able to offset all or any
portion of losses related to any future removal or recall. 

The FDC Act permits structure/function claims
to be included in labels and labeling for dietary supplements without FDA pre-market approval. However, companies must have substantiation
that the claims are truthful and not misleading , and must submit a notification with the text of the claims to the FDA
no later than 30 days after marketing the dietary supplement with the claims. Permissible structure/function claims may describe
how a particular nutrient or dietary ingredient affects the structure, function or general well-being of the body, or characterize the
documented mechanism of action by which a nutrient or dietary ingredient acts to maintain such structure or function. The label or labeling
of a product marketed as a dietary supplement may not expressly or implicitly represent that a dietary supplement will diagnose, cure,
mitigate, treat or prevent a disease (i.e. a disease claim). If the FDA determines that a particular structure/function claim is an unacceptable
disease claim that causes the product to be regulated as a drug, a conventional food claim or an unauthorized version of a health
claim, or, if the FDA determines that a particular claim is not adequately supported by existing scientific data or is false or
misleading in any particular, we would be prevented from using the claim and would have to update our product labels and labeling accordingly. 

In addition, DSHEA provides that so-called third-party
literature, e.g., a publication, including an article, a chapter in a book, or an official abstract of a peer-reviewed
scientific publication that appears in an article and was prepared by the author or the editors of the publication supplements,
when reprinted in its entirety, may be used in connection with the sale of a dietary supplement to consumers without the
literature being subject to regulation as labeling. Such literature: (1) must not be false or misleading; (2) may not promote 
a particular manufacturer or brand of dietary supplement; (3) must present a balanced view or is displayed or presented with other
such items on the same subject matter so as to present a balanced view of the available scientific information; (4) if displayed
in an establishment, must be physically separate from the dietary supplements; and (5) should not have appended to it any information
by sticker or any other method. If the literature fails to satisfy each of these requirements, we may be prevented from disseminating
such literature with our products, and any continued dissemination could subject our product to regulatory action as an illegal drug. 

11 

In June 2007, pursuant to the authority granted
by the FDC Act as amended by DSHEA, the FDA published detailed GMP regulations that govern the manufacturing, packaging, labeling and
holding operations of dietary supplement manufacturers. The GMP regulations, among other things, impose significant recordkeeping requirements
on manufacturers. The GMP requirements are in effect for all dietary supplement manufacturers, and the FDA conducts inspections of dietary
supplement manufacturers pursuant to these requirements. There remains considerable uncertainty with respect to the FDA s interpretation
of the regulations and their actual implementation in manufacturing facilities. 

In addition, the FDA s interpretation of
the regulations governing dietary supplements will likely change over time as the agency becomes more familiar with the industry and
the regulations. The failure of a manufacturing facility to comply with the GMP regulations renders products manufactured in such facility
 adulterated, and subjects such products and the manufacturer to a variety of potential FDA enforcement actions. In addition,
under the Food Safety Modernization Act, or FSMA, which was enacted in January 2011, the manufacturing of dietary ingredients contained
in dietary supplements will be subject to similar or even more burdensome manufacturing requirements, which will likely increase the
costs of dietary ingredients and will subject suppliers of such ingredients to more rigorous inspections and enforcement. The FSMA will
also require importers of food, including dietary supplements and dietary ingredients, to conduct verification activities to ensure that
the food they might import meets applicable domestic requirements. 

The FDA has broad authority to enforce the provisions
of federal law applicable to dietary supplements, including powers to issue a public warning or notice of violation letter to a company,
publicize information about illegal products, detain products intended for import, require the reporting of serious adverse events, require
a recall of illegal or unsafe products from the market, and request the Department of Justice to initiate a seizure action, an injunction
action or a criminal prosecution in the United States courts. 

The FSMA expands the reach and regulatory powers
of the FDA with respect to the production and importation of food, including dietary supplements. The expanded reach and regulatory powers
include the FDA s ability to order mandatory recalls, administratively detain domestic products, and require certification of compliance
with domestic requirements for imported foods associated with safety issues. FMSA also gave FDA the authority to administratively revoke
manufacturing facility registrations, effectively enjoining manufacturing of dietary ingredients and dietary supplements without judicial
process. The regulation of dietary supplements may increase or become more restrictive in the future. 

Federal Trade Commission 

The FTC exercises jurisdiction over the advertising
of dietary supplements and other health-related products and requires that all advertising to consumers be truthful and non-misleading.
The FTC actively monitors the dietary supplement space and has instituted numerous enforcement actions against dietary supplement companies
for failure to have adequate substantiation for claims made in advertising or for the use of false or misleading advertising claims.
FTC enforcement actions may result in consent decrees, cease and desist orders, judicial injunctions and the payment of fines with respect
to advertising claims that are found to be unsubstantiated. 

Environmental Regulation 

Our facilities and operations, in common with
those of similar industries making similar products, are subject to many federal, state, provincial and local requirements, rules and
regulations relating to the protection of the environment and of human health and safety, including those regulating the discharge of
materials into the environment. We continually examine ways to reduce our emissions, minimize waste and limit our exposure to any liabilities,
as well as decrease costs related to environmental compliance. Costs to comply with current and anticipated environmental requirements,
rules and regulations and any estimated capital expenditures for environmental control facilities are not anticipated to be material
when compared with overall costs and capital expenditures. Accordingly, we do not anticipate that such costs will have a material effect
on our financial position, results of operations, cash flows or competitive position. 

New Legislation or Regulation 

Legislation may be introduced which, if passed,
would impose substantial new regulatory requirements on dietary supplements and other health products. We cannot determine what effect
additional domestic or international governmental legislation, regulations, or administrative orders, when and if promulgated, would
have on our business in the future. New legislation or regulations may require the reformulation of certain products to meet new standards,
require the recall or discontinuance of certain products not capable of reformulation, impose additional record keeping or require expanded
documentation of the properties of certain products, expanded or different labeling or scientific substantiation. 

12 

ITEM
1A. RISK FACTORS. 

An investment in our securities involves a
high degree of risk. You should carefully read and consider all of the risks described below, together with all of the other information
contained or referred to in this report, before making an investment decision with respect to our securities. If any of the following
events occur, our financial condition, business and results of operations (including cash flows) may be materially adversely affected.
In that event, the market price of our stock could decline, and you could lose all or part of your investment. 

Risks Related to Our Business and Industry 

We are an early-stage company with a limited
operating history. 

We were organized as a Delaware corporation in
February 2017. We have a limited history upon which you can evaluate our business and prospects. Our prospects must be considered in
light of the risks encountered by companies in the early stages of development in highly competitive markets, particularly the markets
for nutraceuticals and related products. You should consider the frequency with which early-stage businesses encounter unforeseen expenses,
difficulties, complications, delays and other adverse factors. These risks are described in more detail below. 

We have incurred losses since our inception,
and we may not be able to manage our businesses on a profitable basis. 

We have generated losses since inception and
have relied on cash on hand, sales of securities, external bank lines of credit, and issuance of third-party and related party debt to
support our operations. For the year ended December 31, 2022, we generated an operating loss of 12,206,586
 and a net loss of 29,977,815. We cannot assure you that we will
achieve profitably or that we will have adequate working capital to meet our obligations as they become due. Management believes that
our success will depend on our ability to successfully complete additional acquisitions of profitable nutraceutical companies and related
products as well as develop our own brands. We cannot guarantee that we will be successful in completing acquisitions or any other companies
or products, that we will successfully integrate acquired companies, or that we will be able to successfully develop our own brands.
We cannot assure you that even if we are successful in completing the acquisitions or in developing our own branded products, we will
be successful in profitably managing such companies, acquired assets and brands. We cannot assure you that we will maintain profitability
for any period of time or that investors will not lose their entire investment. 

The effect of the COVID-19 pandemic on
our operations, and the operations of our customers and suppliers, has had, and is expected to continue to have, a negative effect on
our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. 

The COVID-19 pandemic continues to rapidly evolve.
At this time, there continues to be significant volatility and uncertainty relating to the full extent to which the COVID-19 pandemic
and the various responses to it will impact our business, operations and financial results. 

We are dependent upon certain contract manufacturers
and suppliers and their ability to reliably and efficiently fulfill our orders is critical to our business success. The COVID-19 pandemic
has impacted and may continue to impact certain of our manufacturers and suppliers. As a result, we have faced and may continue to face
delays or difficulty sourcing certain products and raw materials, which could negatively affect our business and financial results. Even
if we are able to find alternate sources for such raw materials, they may cost more, which could adversely impact our profitability and
financial condition. 

Furthermore, the global deterioration in economic
conditions, which may have an adverse impact on discretionary consumer spending or investing, could also impact our business and demand
for our products. For instance, consumer spending and investing may be negatively impacted by general macroeconomic conditions, including
a rise in unemployment, and decreased consumer confidence resulting from the pandemic. Changing consumer and investor behaviors as a
result of the pandemic may also have a material impact on our revenue. 

Our efforts to help mitigate the negative impact
of the outbreak on our business may not be effective, and we may be affected by a protracted economic downturn. Furthermore, while many
governmental authorities around the world have and continue to enact legislation to address the impact of COVID-19, including measures
intended to mitigate some of the more severe anticipated economic effects of the virus, we may not benefit from such legislation, or
such legislation may prove to be ineffective in addressing COVID-19 s impact on our and our customer s businesses and operations.
Even after the COVID-19 outbreak has subsided, we may continue to experience impacts to our business as a result of COVID-19 s
global economic impact and any recession that has occurred or may occur in the future. Further, as the COVID-19 situation is unprecedented
and continuously evolving, COVID-19 may also affect our operating and financial results in a manner that is not presently known to us
or in a manner that we currently do not consider that may present significant risks to our operations. 

13 

The extent to which the COVID-19 pandemic may
impact our results will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted as of the date of this report.
Nevertheless, the pandemic and the current financial, economic and capital markets environment, and future developments in the global
supply chain and other areas present material uncertainty and risk with respect to our performance, financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows. 

To the extent the COVID-19 pandemic adversely
affects our business and financial results, it may also have the effect of heightening many of the other risks described in this Risk
Factors section. 

If we fail to implement our business plan
and complete acquisitions as planned, our mission will fail and our business will suffer accordingly. 

Our mission is the creation of a world-class
nutraceutical company engaged in the development, manufacture and sales of quality nutraceutical and related health and lifestyle products
for distribution to an expanding global marketplace. We expect that our holding company strategy through which we plan to acquire profitable
but undervalued target companies and products will enable us to accelerate the development and expansion of our product portfolio, manufacturing
capacity and distribution channels. If we are unable execute our strategy of completing acquisitions as planned, we will not be able
to fulfill our mission or grow our business. 

Our acquisitions may result in significant
transaction expenses, integration and consolidation risks, and we may be unable to profitably operate our consolidated company. 

We are structured as a holding company and we
have executed a buy and hold strategy. We are engaged in the business of acquisition, operation and management of nutraceutical and related
products. Our acquisitions may result in significant transaction expenses and present new risks associated with entering additional markets
or offering new products and services and integrating the acquired companies. We may not have sufficient management, financial and other
resources to integrate companies we acquire or to successfully operate new businesses and we may be unable to profitably operate our
expanded company. Moreover, any new businesses that we may acquire, once integrated with our existing operations, may not produce expected
or intended results. 

We may not be able to manage future growth
effectively. 

We expect to continue to experience significant
growth. Should we keep growing rapidly, our financial, management and operating resources may not expand sufficiently to adequately manage
our growth. If we are unable to manage our growth, our costs may increase disproportionately, our future revenues may not grow or may
decline, and we may face dissatisfied customers. Our failure to manage our growth may adversely impact our business and the value of
your investment. 

Our ability to obtain continued financing
is critical to the growth of our business. We will need additional financing to fund operations, which additional financing may not be
available on reasonable terms or at all. 

Our future growth, including the potential for
future market expansion will require additional capital. We will consider raising additional funds through various financing sources,
including the procurement of commercial debt financing. However, there can be no assurance that such funds will be available on commercially
reasonable terms, if at all. If such financing is not available on satisfactory terms, we may be unable to execute our growth strategy,
and operating results may be adversely affected. Any additional debt financing will increase expenses and must be repaid regardless of
operating results and may involve restrictions limiting our operating flexibility. 

Our ability to obtain financing may be impaired
by such factors as the capital markets, both generally and specifically in our industry, which could impact the availability or cost
of future financings. If the amount of capital we are able to raise from financing activities, together with our revenues from operations,
are not sufficient to satisfy our capital needs, we may be required to decrease the pace of, or eliminate, our future product offerings
and market expansion opportunities and potentially curtail operations. 

Adverse developments affecting the financial
services industry, such as actual events or concerns involving liquidity, defaults, or non-performance by financial institutions
or transactional counterparties, could adversely affect our current and projected business operations and our financial condition and
results of operations. 

Actual events involving limited liquidity, defaults, non-performance or
other adverse developments that affect financial institutions, transactional counterparties or other companies in the financial services
industry or the financial services industry generally, or concerns or rumors about any events of these kinds or other similar risks,
have in the past and may in the future lead to market-wide liquidity problems. For example, on March 10, 2023, Silicon Valley Bank, or
SVB, was closed by the California Department of Financial Protection and Innovation, which appointed the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation,
or the FDIC, as receiver. Similarly, on March 12, 2023, Signature Bank Corp., or Signature, and Silvergate Capital Corp. were each
swept into receivership. Although a statement by the Department of the Treasury, the Federal Reserve and the FDIC indicated
that all depositors of SVB would have access to all of their money after only one business day of closure, including funds held in uninsured
deposit accounts, borrowers under credit agreements, letters of credit and certain other financial instruments with SVB, Signature or
any other financial institution that is placed into receivership by the FDIC may be unable to access undrawn amounts thereunder. 

14 

At the time the FDIC took control, we held assets
valued at approximately 50,000 in accounts with Signature. We received full access to those funds on March 27, 2023. As of the
date of this report, we have full access to and control over all of our cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments. In addition,
because a substantial majority of our cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments is held at financial institution unaffiliated
with Signature, we do not expect any material impact to our operations directly related to the closure of Signature. 

Although we are not a borrower under or party
to any material letter of credit or any other such instruments with any other financial institution currently in receivership, if we
enter into any such instruments and any of our lenders or counterparties to such instruments were to be placed into receivership, we
may be unable to access such funds. In addition, if any of our partners, suppliers or other parties with whom we conduct business are
unable to access funds pursuant to such instruments or lending arrangements with such a financial institution, such parties ability
to pay their obligations to us or to enter into new commercial arrangements requiring additional payments to us could be adversely affected.
In this regard, counterparties to credit agreements and arrangements with these financial institutions, and third parties such as beneficiaries
of letters of credit (among others), may experience direct impacts from the closure of these financial institutions and uncertainty remains
over liquidity concerns in the broader financial services industry. Similar impacts have occurred in the past, such as during the 2008-2010
financial crisis. 

Inflation and rapid increases in interest rates
have led to a decline in the trading value of previously issued government securities with interest rates below current market interest
rates. Although the U.S. Department of Treasury, FDIC and Federal Reserve Board have announced a program to provide up to 25
billion of loans to financial institutions secured by certain of such government securities held by financial institutions to mitigate
the risk of potential losses on the sale of such instruments, widespread demands for customer withdrawals or other liquidity needs of
financial institutions for immediately liquidity may exceed the capacity of such program. 

Our access to funding sources and other credit
arrangements in amounts adequate to finance or capitalize our current and projected future business operations could be significantly
impaired by factors that affect us, any financial institutions with which we enter into credit agreements or arrangements directly, or
the financial services industry or economy in general. These factors could include, among others, events such as liquidity constraints
or failures, the ability to perform obligations under various types of financial, credit or liquidity agreements or arrangements, disruptions
or instability in the financial services industry or financial markets, or concerns or negative expectations about the prospects for
companies in the financial services industry. These factors could involve financial institutions or financial services industry companies
with which we have financial or business relationships, but could also include factors involving financial markets or the financial services
industry generally. 

The results of events or concerns that involve
one or more of these factors could include a variety of material and adverse impacts on our current and projected business operations
and our financial condition and results of operations. These risks include, but may not be limited to, the following: 

delayed
 access to deposits or other financial assets or the uninsured loss of deposits or other financial
 assets; 

inability
 to enter into credit facilities or other working capital resources; 

potential
 or actual breach of contractual obligations that require us to maintain letters of credit
 or other credit support arrangements; or 

termination
 of cash management arrangements and/or delays in accessing or actual loss of funds subject
 to cash management arrangements. 

15 

In addition, investor concerns regarding the
U.S. or international financial systems could result in less favorable commercial financing terms, including higher interest rates or
costs and tighter financial and operating covenants, or systemic limitations on access to credit and liquidity sources, thereby making
it more difficult for us to acquire financing on acceptable terms or at all. Any decline in available funding or access to our cash and
liquidity resources could, among other risks, adversely impact our ability to meet our operating expenses or other obligations, financial
or otherwise, result in breaches of our financial and/or contractual obligations, or result in violations of federal or state wage and
hour laws. Any of these impacts, or any other impacts resulting from the factors described above or other related or similar factors,
could have material adverse impacts on our liquidity and our current and/or projected business operations and financial condition and
results of operations. 

In addition, any further deterioration in the
macroeconomic economy or financial services industry could lead to losses or defaults by our partners, vendors or suppliers, which in
turn, could have a material adverse effect on our current and/or projected business operations and results of operations and financial
condition. For example, a partner may fail to make payments when due, default under their agreements with us, become insolvent or declare
bankruptcy, or a supplier may determine that it will no longer deal with us as a customer. In addition, a vendor or supplier could be
adversely affected by any of the liquidity or other risks that are described above as factors that could result in material adverse impacts
on us, including but not limited to delayed access or loss of access to uninsured deposits or loss of the ability to draw on existing
credit facilities involving a troubled or failed financial institution. The bankruptcy or insolvency of any partner, vendor or supplier,
or the failure of any partner to make payments when due, or any breach or default by a partner, vendor or supplier, or the loss of any
significant supplier relationships, could cause us to suffer material losses and may have a material adverse impact on our business. 

Unfavorable publicity or consumer perception
of our products and any similar products distributed by other companies could have a material adverse effect on our business. 

We believe the nutritional supplement market
is highly dependent upon consumer perception regarding the safety, efficacy and quality of nutritional supplements generally, as well
as of products distributed specifically by us. Consumer perception of our products can be significantly influenced by scientific research
or findings, regulatory investigations, litigation, national media attention and other publicity regarding the consumption of nutritional
supplements. There can be no assurance that future scientific research, findings, regulatory proceedings, litigation, media attention
or other research findings or publicity will be favorable to the nutritional supplement market or any particular product, or consistent
with earlier publicity. Future research reports, findings, regulatory proceedings, litigation, media attention or other publicity that
are perceived as less favorable than, or that question, earlier research reports, findings or publicity could have a material adverse
effect on the demand for our products and our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. Our dependence upon
consumer perceptions means that adverse scientific research reports, findings, regulatory proceedings, litigation, media attention or
other publicity, whether or not accurate or with merit, could have a material adverse effect on us, the demand for our products, and
our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. Further, adverse publicity reports or other media attention
regarding the safety, efficacy and quality of nutritional supplements in general, or our products specifically, or associating the consumption
of nutritional supplements with illness, could have such a material adverse effect. Such adverse publicity reports or other media attention
could arise even if the adverse effects associated with such products resulted from consumers' failure to consume such products appropriately
or as directed. 

Our success is linked to the size and growth
rate of the vitamin, mineral and supplement market and an adverse change in the size or growth rate of that market could have a material
adverse effect on us. 

An adverse change in size or growth rate of the
vitamin, mineral and supplement market could have a material adverse effect on us. Underlying market conditions are subject to change
based on economic conditions, consumer preferences, the impact of COVID-19 and other factors that are beyond our control, including media
attention and scientific research, which may be positive or negative. 

General economic conditions, including
a prolonged macroeconomic downturn, may negatively affect consumer purchases, which could adversely affect our sales, as well as our
ability to access credit on terms previously obtained. 

Our results are dependent on a number of factors
impacting consumer spending, including general economic and business conditions; consumer confidence; wages and employment levels; the
housing market; consumer debt levels; availability of consumer credit; credit and interest rates; fuel and energy costs; energy shortages;
taxes; and general political conditions, both domestic and abroad. Consumer product purchases, including purchases of our products, may
decline during recessionary periods. A prolonged downturn or an uncertain outlook in the economy may materially adversely affect our
business, revenues and profits and the market price of our common stock, and we cannot be certain that funding for our capital needs
will be available from our existing financial institutions and the credit markets if needed, and if available, to the extent required
and on acceptable terms. If we cannot obtain funding when needed, in each case on acceptable terms, we may be unable to adequately fund
our operating expenses and fund required capital expenditures, which may have an adverse effect on our revenues and results of operations. 

16 

We operate in highly competitive and fast-evolving
industries, and our failure to compete effectively could affect our market share, financial condition and growth prospects adversely.

The markets in which we operate are characterized
by rapid technological changes, frequent new product introductions, established and emerging competition, extensive intellectual property
disputes and litigation, price competition, aggressive marketing practices, evolving industry standards and changing customer preferences.
Accordingly, our prospects must be considered in light of the uncertainties, risks, expenses, and difficulties frequently encountered
by companies operating in rapidly changing and competitive markets. 

The nutritional supplement industry is a large
and growing industry and is highly fragmented in terms of both geographical market coverage and product categories. The market for nutritional
supplements is highly competitive in all our channels of distribution. We compete with companies that may have broader product lines
or larger sales volumes, or both, than we do, and our products compete with nationally advertised brand name products. These national
brand companies have resources greater than ours. Numerous companies compete with us in the development, manufacture and marketing of
nutritional supplements worldwide. The market is highly sensitive to the introduction of new products, which may rapidly capture a significant
share of the market. We also may face competition from low-cost entrants to the industry, including from international markets. Increased
competition from companies that distribute through the wholesale channel, especially the private label market, could have a material
adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows as these competitors may have greater financial
and other resources available to them and possess extensive manufacturing, distribution and marketing capabilities far greater than ours.
We are also subject to competition in the attraction and retention of employees. Many of our competitors have greater financial
resources and can offer employees compensation packages with which it is difficult for us to compete. 

With our acquisition of Nexus in 2021, we entered
the digital marketing industry as a way to promote the products and brands that we sell. We compete with other advertising service providers
that may reach our target audience by means that are more effective than our services. Further, if such other providers of advertising
have a long operating history, large product and service suites, more capital resources and broad international or local recognition,
our operating results may be adversely affected if we cannot successfully compete. 

The digital advertising market is rapidly developing.
Accordingly, the development of the markets in which we operate makes it difficult to evaluate the viability and sustainability of our
business and its acceptance by advertisers and clients. We cannot assure you that we will be profitable every year. We expect that our
operating expenses will increase as we expand. Any significant failure to realize anticipated revenue growth could result in operating
losses. 

We may not be able to compete effectively in
some or all our markets, and our attempt to do so may require us to reduce our prices, which may result in lower margins. Failure to
compete effectively could have a material adverse effect on our market share, business, results of operations, financial condition, cash
flows and growth prospects. 

Our major customers account for a significant
portion of our consolidated net sales and the loss of any major customer could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations.

During fiscal 2022, Amazon and Costco accounted
for 30 and 10 , respectively, of our total revenues. We do not have a long-term contract with these major customers, and the loss of
any major customer could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. In addition, our results of operations and ability
to service our debt obligations would be impacted negatively to the extent that any major customer is unable to make payments to us or
does not make timely payments on outstanding accounts receivables. 

Failure to develop new products and production
technologies or to implement productivity and cost reduction initiatives successfully may harm our competitive position. 

Our business depends significantly on the development
of commercially viable new products as well as process technologies. If we are unsuccessful in developing new products and production
processes in the future, our competitive position and results of operations may be negatively affected. However, as we invest in new
technology, we face the risk of unanticipated operational or commercialization difficulties, including an inability to obtain necessary
permits or governmental approvals, the development of competing technologies, failure of facilities or processes to operate in accordance
with specifications or expectations, construction delays, cost over-runs, the unavailability of financing, required materials or equipment
and various other factors. Likewise, our initiatives to improve productivity and performance and to generate cost savings may not be
completed or beneficial or the estimated cost savings from such activities may not be realized. 

17 

Resources devoted to product innovation
may not yield new products that achieve commercial success. 

The development of new and innovative products
requires significant investment in research and development and testing of new ingredients, formulas and possibly new production processes.
The research and development process can be expensive and prolonged and entails considerable uncertainty. Products may appear promising
in development but fail to reach market within the expected time frame, or at all. We may face significant challenges with regard to
a key product launch. Further, products also may fail to achieve commercial viability due to pricing competitiveness with other retailers,
failure to timely bring the product to market, failure to differentiate the product with our competitors and other reasons. Finally,
there is no guarantee that our development teams will be able to successfully respond to competitive products that could render some
of our offerings obsolete. Development of a new product, from discovery through testing to the store shelf, typically takes between four
to seven months, but may require an even longer timeline if clinical trials are involved. Each of these time periods can vary considerably
from product to product and therefore the costs and risks of producing a commercially viable product can increase significantly as time
passes. 

Our failure to appropriately respond to
changing consumer preferences and demand for new products and services could harm our customer relationships and product sales significantly.

The nutritional supplement industry is characterized
by rapid and frequent changes in demand for products and new product introductions. Our failure to accurately predict these trends could
negatively impact consumer opinion of us as a source for the latest products, which, in turn, could harm our customer relationships and
cause decreases in our net sales. The success of our new product offerings depends upon a number of factors, including our ability to: 

accurately
 anticipate customer needs; 

innovate
 and develop new products; 

successfully
 commercialize new products in a timely manner; 

price
 our products competitively; 

manufacture
 and deliver our products in sufficient volumes and in a timely manner; and 

differentiate
 our product offerings from those of our competitors. 

If any new products fail to gain market acceptance,
are restricted by regulatory requirements or have quality problems, this would harm our results of operations. If we do not introduce
new products or make enhancements to meet the changing needs of our customers in a timely manner, some of our products could be rendered
obsolete, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 

If we experience product recalls, we may
incur significant and unexpected costs, and our business reputation could be adversely affected. 

We may be exposed to product recalls and adverse
public relations if our products are mislabeled or alleged to cause injury or illness, or if we are alleged to have violated governmental
regulations. A product recall could result in substantial and unexpected expenditures, which would reduce operating profit and cash flow.
In addition, a product recall may require significant management attention. Product recalls may hurt the value of our brands and lead
to decreased demand for our products. Product recalls also may lead to increased scrutiny by federal, state or international regulatory
agencies of our operations and increased litigation and could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations,
financial condition and cash flows. 

We may incur material product liability
claims, which could increase our costs and adversely affect our reputation, revenues and operating income. 

As a manufacturer and distributor of products
designed for human consumption, we are subject to product liability claims if the use of our products is alleged to have resulted in
injury. Our products consist of vitamins, minerals, dietary supplements and other ingredients that are classified as foods and dietary
supplements, and, in most cases, are not necessarily subject to pre-market regulatory approval in the United States. Some of our products
contain innovative ingredients that do not have long histories of human consumption. Previously unknown adverse reactions resulting from
human consumption of these ingredients could occur. In addition, some of the products we sell are produced by third-party manufacturers.
As a marketer of products manufactured by third parties, we also may be liable for various product liability claims for products we do
not manufacture. We have been in the past, and may be in the future, subject to various product liability claims, including, among others,
that our products include inadequate instructions for use or inadequate warnings concerning possible side effects and interactions with
other substances. A product liability claim against us could result in increased costs and could adversely affect our reputation with
our customers, which, in turn, could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash
flows. 

18 

Insurance coverage, even where available,
may not be sufficient to cover losses we may incur. 

Our business exposes us to the risk of liabilities
arising from our operations. For example, we may be liable for claims brought by users of our products or by employees, customers or
other third parties for personal injury or property damage occurring in the course of our operations. We seek to minimize these risks
through various insurance contracts from third-party insurance carriers. However, our insurance coverage is subject to large individual
claim deductibles, individual claim and aggregate policy limits, and other terms and conditions. We retain an insurance risk for the
deductible portion of each claim and for any gaps in insurance coverage. We do not view insurance, by itself, as a material mitigant
to these business risks. 

We cannot assure that our insurance will be sufficient
to cover our losses. Any losses that insurance does not substantially cover could have a material adverse effect on our business, results
of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 

We rely on our manufacturing operations
to produce the vast majority of the nutritional supplements that we sell, and disruptions in our manufacturing system or losses of manufacturing
certifications could affect our results of operations adversely. 

We currently operate manufacturing facilities
in Doral and Riviera Beach, Florida. All our domestic and foreign operations manufacturing products for sale to the United States are
subject to GMPs promulgated by the FDA and other applicable regulatory standards, including in the areas of environmental protection
and worker health and safety. Any significant disruption in our operations at any of these facilities, including any disruption due to
any regulatory requirement, could affect our ability to respond quickly to changes in consumer demand and could have a material adverse
effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. Additionally, we may be exposed to risks relating
to the transfer of work between facilities or risks associated with opening new facilities or closing existing facilities that may cause
a disruption in our operations. Although we have implemented GMPs in our facilities, there can be no assurance that products manufactured
in our plants will not be contaminated or otherwise fail to meet our quality standards. Any such contamination or other quality failures
could result in costly recalls, litigation, regulatory actions or damage to our reputation, which could have a material adverse effect
on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 

We are also dependent on certain third-party
contract manufacturers and suppliers. 

Some of our own brand of vitamins and supplements,
as well as the products we sell under the Sports Illustrated Nutrition brand, are produced by third party contract manufacturers.
We also purchase certain important ingredients and raw materials from third-party suppliers. The principal raw materials required in
our operations are vitamins, minerals, herbs, gelatin and packaging components. Real or perceived quality control problems with products
manufactured by contract manufacturers or raw materials outsourced from certain suppliers could negatively impact consumer confidence
in our products, or expose us to liability. In addition, disruption in the operations of any such manufacturer or supplier or material
increases in the price of raw materials, for any reason, such as changes in economic and political conditions, tariffs, trade disputes,
regulatory requirements, import restrictions, loss of certifications, power interruptions, fires, hurricanes, drought or other climate-related
events, war or other events, could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash
flows. 

Natural disasters (whether or not caused
by climate change), unusually adverse weather conditions, pandemic outbreaks, terrorist acts and global political events could cause
permanent or temporary facility closures, impair our ability to purchase, receive or replenish raw materials or cause customer traffic
to decline, all of which could result in lost sales and otherwise adversely affect our financial performance. 

The occurrence of one or more natural disasters,
such as hurricanes, fires, floods and earthquakes (whether or not caused by climate change), unusually adverse weather conditions, pandemic
outbreaks (including the recent outbreak of COVID-19), terrorist acts or disruptive global political events, such as civil unrest in
locations where our facilities, contract manufacturers or suppliers are located, or similar disruptions could adversely affect our operations
and financial performance. To the extent these events result in the closure of one or more of our manufacturing facilities or our corporate
headquarters, or impact one or more of our contract manufacturers or key suppliers, our operations and financial performance could be
materially adversely affected through lost sales. In addition, these events could result in increases in fuel (or other energy) prices
or a fuel shortage, the temporary lack of an adequate work force in a market, the temporary or long-term disruption in the supply of
products from some local and overseas suppliers, the temporary disruption in the transport of goods from overseas, delay in the delivery
of goods to our customers, the temporary reduction in the availability of our products, expiration of inventory, future long-lived asset
impairment charges and disruption to our information systems. These events also could have indirect consequences, such as increases in
the cost of insurance, if they were to result in significant loss of property or other insurable damage. 

19 

An increase in the price and shortage of
supply of key raw materials could adversely affect our business. 

Our products are composed of certain key raw
materials. If the prices of these raw materials were to increase significantly, the costs to manufacture our products or to purchase
products from our contract manufacturers could increase significantly and we may not be able to pass on such increases to our customers.
Additionally, in the event any of our, or our contract manufacturer s, third-party suppliers or vendors become unable or unwilling
to continue to provide raw materials in the required volumes and quality levels or in a timely manner, we, or our contract manufacturers,
would be required to identify and obtain acceptable replacement supply sources. If we, or they, are unable to identify and obtain alternative
supply sources in a timely manner or at all, our business could be adversely affected. A significant increase in the price of raw materials
that cannot be passed on to customers could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. Events
such as COVID-19, the threat of political or social unrest, or the perceived threat thereof, may also have a significant impact on raw
material prices and transportation costs for our products. In addition, the interruption in supply of certain key raw materials essential
to the manufacturing of our products may have an adverse impact on us and our suppliers ability to provide us with the necessary
products needed to maintain our customer relationships and an adequate level of sales. 

General trade tensions between the U.S. and China
have been escalating since 2018, with multiple rounds of U.S. tariffs on Chinese goods taking effect, with some subsequently being de-escalated.
Furthermore, China or other countries may institute retaliatory trade measures in response to existing or future tariffs imposed by the
U.S. that could have a negative impact on our business. If any of these events continue as described, we may need to seek alternative
suppliers or vendors, raise prices, or make changes to our operations, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our sales
and profitability, results of operations and financial condition. 

Our expansion into new business lines and
services may result in unseen risks, challenges and uncertainties. 

As a result of our acquisition of Nexus in November
2021, we have entered the digital marketing business as a way to promote the products and brands that we sell. Such acquisition may result
in unseen risks, challenges and uncertainties. We may incur additional capital expenditure to support the expansion of our business and
there is no guarantee that we may increase our revenues generated from such new business. Also, our failure to manage costs and expenses
and evaluate consumer demands with respect to such new business could materially and adversely affect the prospects of us achieving overall
profitability of and recouping our investments in this new business line. Moreover, this new business line may require significant managerial,
financial, operational and other resources, as well as the smooth cooperation with our company. We may also face higher regulatory, legal
and counterparty risks from entering this business. If we fail to manage the development of this new business line successfully, our
growth potential, business and results of operations may be materially and adversely affected. 

Declines in foot traffic, rising real estate
prices and other costs and risks relating to operating a brick and mortar retail store could affect our results. 

On August 24, 2021, we established Smart for
Life Canada Inc. as a wholly owned subsidiary of Doctors Scientific Organica, LLC in Canada. This subsidiary sells retail products through
a retail store location in Montreal Canada and the same location also acts as distribution center for our international direct to consumer
and big box customers. 

The success of our retail store is affected by
(1) the location of the store; (2) surrounding tenants or vacancies; (3) increased competition in the area where the store is located;
(4) the amount spent on advertising and promotion to attract consumers to the store; and (5) a shift towards online shopping resulting
in a decrease in retail store traffic. Declines in consumer traffic could have a negative impact on our net sales and could materially
adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. Furthermore, declines in traffic could result in store impairment
charges if expected future cash flows of the related asset group do not exceed the carrying value. 

We rent this store under a three-year lease agreement
ending in September 2024. If we fail to negotiate appropriate terms for new leases or lease renewals, we may incur lease costs that are
excessive and cause operating margins to be below acceptable levels. We may also make term commitments that are too long or too short,
without the option to exit early or extend. Factors such as the condition of local property markets, availability of lease financing,
taxes, zoning and environmental issues, and competitive actions may impact the availability of, and our ability to successfully negotiate,
leases. Furthermore, the success of the store depends on a number of factors, including the success of the shopping center where our
store is located, consumer demographics and consumer shopping patterns. These factors cannot be predicted with complete accuracy. If
we fail to profitably operate this new store, our financial performance could be adversely affected. 

20 

Our success is dependent on the accuracy,
reliability, and proper use of sophisticated and dependable information processing systems and management information technology and
any interruption in these systems could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations.

Our success is dependent on the accuracy, reliability,
and proper use of sophisticated and dependable information processing systems and management information technology. Our information
technology systems are designed and selected to facilitate order entry and customer billing, maintain customer records, accurately track
purchases, manage accounting, finance and manufacturing operations, generate reports, and provide customer service and technical support.
Any interruption in these systems or any interruption associated with the transition of these systems to a new information technology
platform could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

System interruptions or security breaches
may affect sales. 

Customer access to, and ability to use, our websites
affect our sales. If we are unable to maintain and continually enhance the efficiency of our systems, we could experience system interruptions
or delays that could affect our operating results negatively. In addition, we could be liable for breaches of security on our websites,
loss or misuse of our customers personal information or payment data. Although we have developed systems and processes that are
designed to protect consumer information and prevent fraudulent credit card transactions and other security breaches, failure to prevent
or mitigate such fraud or breaches may negatively affect our operating results. 

We must successfully maintain and/or upgrade
our information technology systems, and our failure to do so could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition
or results of operations. 

We rely on various information technology systems
to manage our operations. Recently, we have implemented, and we continue to implement, modifications and upgrades to such systems and
acquired new systems with new functionality. These types of activities subject us to inherent costs and risks associated with replacing
and changing these systems, including impairment of our ability to fulfill customer orders, potential disruption of our internal control
structure, substantial capital expenditures, additional administration and operating expenses, retention of sufficiently skilled personnel
to implement and operate the new systems, demands on management time and other risks and costs of delays or difficulties in transitioning
to or integrating new systems into our current systems. These implementations, modifications and upgrades may not result in productivity
improvements at a level that outweighs the costs of implementation, or at all. In addition, the difficulties with implementing new technology
systems may cause disruptions in our business operations and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results
of operations. 

Privacy protection is increasingly demanding,
and we may be exposed to risks and costs associated with security breaches, data loss, credit card fraud and identity theft that could
cause us to incur unexpected expenses and loss of revenue, suffer reputational harm with our customers, as well as other risks. 

The protection of customer, employee, vendor
and other business data is critical to us. We receive confidential customer data, including payment card and personally identifiable
information, in the normal course of customer transactions. In order for our sales channels to function, we and other parties involved
in processing customer transactions must be able to transmit confidential information, including credit card information, securely over
public networks. While we have taken significant steps to protect customer and confidential information, the intentional or negligent
actions of employees, business associates or third parties may undermine our security measures and result in unauthorized parties obtaining
access to our data systems and misappropriating confidential data. There can be no assurance that advances in computer capabilities,
new discoveries in the field of cryptography or other developments will prevent a compromise of our customer transaction processing capabilities
and personal data. Because the techniques used to obtain unauthorized access to, disable, degrade, or sabotage systems change frequently
and often are not recognized until launched against a target, we may be unable to anticipate these techniques or to implement adequate
preventative measures. Any compromise of our data security could result in a violation of applicable privacy and other laws or standards,
significant legal and financial exposure beyond the scope or limits of our insurance coverage, interruption of our operations, increased
operating costs associated with remediation, equipment acquisitions or disposal, added personnel, and a loss of confidence in our security
measures, which could harm our business or investor confidence. Any security breach involving the misappropriation, loss or other unauthorized
disclosure of sensitive or confidential information could attract a substantial amount of media attention, damage our reputation, expose
us to risk of litigation and material liability, disrupt our operations and harm our business. 

21 

Federal, state, provincial and international
laws and regulations govern the collection, retention, sharing and security of data that we receive from and about our employees, customers
and vendors. The regulatory environment surrounding information security and privacy has been increasingly demanding in recent years,
including the recent implementation of the California Consumer Privacy Act. In Canada, we are subject to Canada s Personal
Information and Protection of Electronic Documents Act, which provides Canadian residents with privacy protections and sets out rules
for how companies may collect, use and disclose personal information in the course of commercial activities. The costs of compliance
with, and other burdens imposed by, these and other international data privacy and security laws may limit our business and services
and could have a materially adverse impact on our business. 

We believe that we are in material compliance
with all laws, regulations and self-regulatory regimes that are applicable to us. However, the laws, regulations, and self-regulatory
regimes may be modified, and new laws may be enacted in the future that may apply to us and affect our business. Further, data protection
authorities may interpret existing laws in new ways. We may deploy new services from time to time, which may also require us to change
our compliance practices. Any such developments (or developments stemming from enactment or modification of other laws) or the failure
to anticipate accurately the application or interpretation of these laws could create liability for us, result in adverse publicity, increase
our future compliance costs, make our products and services less attractive to our customers, or cause us to change or limit our business
practices, and materially affect our business and operating results. Further, any failure or perceived failure by us or third-party service
providers to comply with international data privacy and security laws may lead to regulatory enforcement actions, fines, private lawsuits
or reputational damage. 

We may not be able to protect our intellectual
property rights. 

We regard our trademarks, service marks, copyrights,
patents, trade secrets, proprietary technologies, domain names and similar intellectual property as important to our success. We rely
on trademark, copyright and patent law, trade secret protection and confidentiality agreements with our future employees, consultants,
vendors, customers and others to protect our proprietary rights. Many of the trademarks that we use contain words or terms having a somewhat
common usage and, as a result, we may have difficulty registering them in certain jurisdictions. We have not yet obtained registrations
for our most important marks. If other companies have registered or have been using in commerce similar trademarks for products similar
to ours, we may have difficulty in registering, or enforcing an exclusive right to use, our marks. 

There can be no assurance that our efforts to
protect our proprietary rights will be sufficient or effective, that any pending or future patent and trademark applications will lead
to issued patents and registered trademarks in all instances, that others will not develop or patent similar or superior technologies,
products, or that our patents, trademarks, and other intellectual property will not be challenged, invalidated, misappropriated or infringed
by others. Additionally, the intellectual property laws and enforcement practices of other countries in which our product is or may in
the future be offered may not protect our products and intellectual property rights to the same extent as the laws of the United States.
If we are unable to protect our intellectual property from unauthorized use, our brand image may be harmed, and our business and results
of operations may suffer. 

Assertions by third parties of infringement,
misappropriation or other violation by us of their intellectual property rights could result in significant costs and substantially harm
our business and operating results. 

In recent years, there has been significant litigation
involving intellectual property rights in many technology-based industries. Any infringement, misappropriation or related claims, whether
or not meritorious, is time-consuming, diverts technical and management personnel and is costly to resolve. As a result of any such dispute,
we may have to develop non-infringing technology, pay damages, enter into royalty or licensing agreements, cease providing our product
or take other actions to resolve the claims. These actions, if required, may be costly or unavailable on terms acceptable to us. Any
of these events could result in increases in operating expenses, limit our product offerings or result in a loss of business. 

We may be required to indemnify our vendors
and/or customers, the payment of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and operating results. 

We provide certain rights of indemnification
to our vendors and/or customers in certain circumstances. If any plaintiff is successful in certifying a class and thereafter prevailing
on the merits of their complaint, such an adverse result could have a material adverse effect on us. In addition, due to the nature and
scope of the indemnity and defense we will likely need to provide, the legal fees associated with such indemnification could be significant
enough to have a material adverse effect on our cash flows until such matters are fully and finally resolved. 

22 

Compliance with new and existing laws and
governmental regulations could increase our costs significantly and adversely affect our results of operations. 

The processing, formulation, safety, manufacturing,
packaging, labeling, advertising and distribution of our products are subject to federal laws and regulation by one or more federal agencies,
including the FDA, the FTC, the CPSC, the USDA and the EPA. These activities are also regulated by various state, local and international
laws and agencies of the states and localities in which our products are sold. Government regulations may prevent or delay the introduction,
or require the reformulation, of our products, which could result in lost revenues and increased costs to us. For instance, the FDA regulates,
among other things, the composition, safety, manufacture, labeling and marketing of dietary ingredients and dietary supplements (including
vitamins, minerals, herbs, and other dietary ingredients for human use). Dietary supplements and dietary ingredients that do not comply
with FDA s regulations and/or the Dietary Supplement Health and Education Act of 1994 will be deemed adulterated or misbranded.
Manufacturers and distributors of dietary supplements and dietary ingredients are prohibited from marketing products that are adulterated
or misbranded, and the FDA may take enforcement action against any adulterated or misbranded dietary supplement on the market. The FDA
has broad enforcement powers. If we violate applicable regulatory requirements, the FDA may bring enforcement actions against us, which
could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition, and results of operations. The FDA may not accept
the evidence of safety for any new ingredient that we may wish to market, may determine that a particular supplement or ingredient presents
an unacceptable health risk based on the required submission of serious adverse events or other information, and may determine that a
particular claim or statement of nutritional value that we use to support the marketing of a supplement is an impermissible drug claim,
is not substantiated, or is an unauthorized version of a health claim. See Item 1 Business Regulation Food
and Drug Administration for additional information. Any of these actions could prevent us from marketing particular nutritional
supplement products or making certain claims or statements with respect to those products. The FDA could also require us to remove a
particular product from the market. Any future recall or removal would result in additional costs to us, including lost revenues from
any products that we are required to remove from the market, any of which could be material. Any product recalls or removals could also
lead to an increased risk of litigation and liability, substantial costs, and reduced growth prospects. 

Additional or more stringent laws and regulations
of dietary supplements and other products have been considered from time to time. These developments could require reformulation of some
products to meet new standards, recalls or discontinuance of some products not able to be reformulated, additional record-keeping requirements,
increased documentation of the properties of some products, additional or different labeling, additional scientific substantiation, or
other new requirements. Any of these developments could increase our costs significantly. In addition, regulators evolving interpretation
of existing laws could have similar effects. 

Our failure to comply with FTC regulations
could result in substantial monetary penalties and could adversely affect our operating results. 

The FTC exercises jurisdiction over the advertising
of dietary supplements and requires that all advertising to consumers be truthful and non-misleading. The FTC actively monitors the dietary
supplement space and has instituted numerous enforcement actions against dietary supplement companies for failure to have adequate substantiation
for claims made in advertising or for the use of false or misleading advertising claims. Failure to comply with applicable regulations
could result in substantial monetary penalties, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations. 

Our operations are subject to environmental
and health and safety laws and regulations that may increase our cost of operations or expose us to environmental liabilities. 

We are subject, directly or indirectly, to numerous
federal, state, local and foreign environmental and health and safety laws and regulations governing our operations, including the handling,
transportation and disposal of our non-hazardous and hazardous substances and wastes, as well as emissions and discharges from our operations
into the environment, including discharges to air, surface water and groundwater. Failure to comply with such laws and regulations could
result in costs for remedial actions, penalties or the imposition of other liabilities. New laws, changes in existing laws or the interpretation
thereof, or the development of new facts or changes in their processes could also cause us to incur additional capital and operating
expenditures to maintain compliance with environmental laws and regulations and environmental permits. Any failure by us to comply with
environmental, health and safety requirements could result in the limitation or suspension of our operations, including operations at
our manufacturing facility. We also could incur monetary fines, civil or criminal sanctions, third-party claims or cleanup or other costs
as a result of violations of or liabilities under such requirements. 

We also are subject to laws and regulations that
impose liability and cleanup responsibility for releases of hazardous substances into the environment without regard to fault or knowledge
about the condition or action causing the liability. Under certain of these laws and regulations, such liabilities can be imposed for
cleanup of previously owned or operated properties, or for properties to which substances or wastes that were sent in connection with
current or former operations at our facilities. The presence of contamination from such substances or wastes could also adversely affect
our ability to sell or lease our properties, or to use them as collateral for financing. 

23 

Failure to comply with federal, state
and international privacy, data protection, marketing and consumer protection laws, regulations and industry standards, or the expansion
of current or the enactment or adoption of new privacy, data protection, marketing and consumer protection laws, regulations or industry
standards, could adversely affect our business. 

We are subject to a variety of federal, state
and foreign laws, regulations and industry standards regarding privacy, data protection, data security, marketing and consumer protection,
which address the collection, storing, sharing, using, processing, disclosure and protection of data relating to individuals, as well
as the tracking of consumer behavior and other consumer data. We are also subject to laws, regulations and industry standards relating
to endorsements and influencer marketing. Many of these laws, regulations and industry standards are changing and may be subject to differing
interpretations, are costly to comply with or inconsistent among jurisdictions. For example, the FTC expects companies like ours to comply
with guidelines issued under the Federal Trade Commission Act that govern the collection, use, disclosure, and storage of consumer information,
and establish principles relating to notice, consent, access and data integrity and security. The laws and regulations in many foreign
countries relating to privacy, data protection, data security, marketing and consumer protection often are more restrictive than in the
United States, and may in some cases be interpreted to have a greater scope. Additionally, the laws, regulations and industry standards,
both foreign and domestic, relating to privacy, data protection, data security, marketing and consumer protection are dynamic and may
be expanded or replaced by new laws, regulations or industry standards. 

We strive to comply with applicable laws,
policies, contractual and other legal obligations and certain applicable industry standards of conduct relating to privacy, data security,
data protection, marketing and consumer protection. However, these obligations and standards of conduct often are complex, vague, and
difficult to comply with fully, and it is possible that these obligations and standards of conduct may be interpreted and applied in
new ways and/or in a manner that is inconsistent with each other or that new laws, regulations or other obligations may be enacted. It
is possible that our practices may be argued or held to conflict with applicable laws, policies, contractual or other legal obligations,
or applicable industry standards of conduct relating to privacy, data security, data protection, marketing or consumer protection. Any
failure, or perceived failure, by us to comply with our posted privacy policies or with any data-related consent orders, the FTC, other
regulatory requirements or orders or other federal, state or, as we continue to expand internationally, international privacy, data security,
data protection, marketing or consumer protection-related laws, regulations, contractual obligations or self-regulatory principles or
other industry standards could result in claims, proceedings or actions against us by governmental entities or others or other liabilities
or could result in a loss of consumers. Any of these circumstances could adversely affect our business. 

We expect that there will continue to be
new proposed laws, regulations and industry standards concerning privacy, data protection and information security in the United States
and other jurisdictions, and we cannot yet determine the impact such future laws, regulations and standards may have on our business.
For instance, with the increased focus on the use of data for advertising, the anticipation and expectation of future laws, regulations,
standards and other obligations could impact us. In addition, as we expand our data analytics and other data related product offerings
there may be increased scrutiny on our use of data and we may be subject to new and unexpected regulations. Future laws, regulations,
standards and other obligations could, for example, impair our ability to collect or use information that we utilize to provide targeted
digital promotions and media to consumers, thereby impairing our ability to maintain and grow our total customers and increase revenues.
Future restrictions on the collection, use, sharing or disclosure of our users data or additional requirements for express or
implied consent of users for the use and disclosure of such information could require us to modify our solutions, possibly in a material
manner, and could limit our ability to develop or outright prohibit new solutions and features. Any such new laws, regulations, other
legal obligations or industry standards, or any changed interpretation of existing laws, regulations or other standards may require us
to incur additional costs and restrict our business operations. If our measures fail to comply with current or future laws, regulations,
policies, legal obligations or industry standards relating to privacy, data protection, data security, marketing or consumer protection,
we may be subject to litigation, regulatory investigations, fines or other liabilities, as well as negative publicity and a potential
loss of business. Moreover, if future laws, regulations, other legal obligations or industry standards, or any changed interpretations
of the foregoing limit our ability to store, process and share personally identifiable information or other data, demand for our products
could decrease, our costs could increase, our revenue growth could slow, and our business, financial condition and operating results
could be harmed. 

24 

We are exposed to potential liability for
information on our customers websites and for products and services sold through their websites and we may incur significant costs
and damage to our reputation as a result of defending against such potential liability. 

We are exposed to potential liability for information
on our customers websites. We could be exposed to liability with respect to such third-party information such as their products,
links to third-party websites, advertisements and content provided by customers. Among other things, we may face assertions that, by
directly or indirectly providing such third-party content or links to other websites, we should be liable for defamation, negligence,
copyright or trademark infringement, or other actions by parties providing such content or operating those websites. We may also face
assertions that content on our publishers and advertisers websites, including statistics or other data we compile internally,
or information contained in websites linked to our websites contains false information, errors or omissions, and users and our customers
could seek damages for losses incurred as a result of their reliance upon or otherwise relating to incorrect information. We may also
be subject to fines and other sanctions by the government for such incorrect information. In addition, our services could be used as
a platform for fraudulent transactions and third party products and services sold through us may be defective. The measures we take to
guard against liability for third-party content, information, products and services may not be adequate to exonerate us from relevant
civil and other liabilities. 

Any such claims, with or without merit, could
be time-consuming to defend and result in litigation and significant diversion of management s attention and resources. Even if
these claims do not result in liability to us, we could incur significant costs in investigating and defending against these claims and
suffer damage to our reputation. 

If the use of third-party cookies
or other tracking technology is rejected by Internet users, restricted by third parties outside of our control, or otherwise subject
to unfavorable regulation, our performance could decline and we could lose customers and revenue. 

We use a number of technologies to collect
information about our customers. For instance, we use small text files (referred to as cookies ), placed through an Internet
browser on an Internet user s machine which corresponds to a data set that we keep on our servers, to gather important data. Our
cookies collect anonymous information, such as when an Internet user views an advertisement, clicks on an advertisement, or visits one
of our advertisers websites. In some countries, including countries in the European Economic Area, this information may be considered
personal information under applicable data protection laws. On mobile devices, we may also obtain location-based information about the
user s device through our cookies or other tracking technologies. We use these technologies to achieve our campaign goals, to ensure
that the same Internet user does not unintentionally see the same media too frequently, to report aggregate information regarding the
performance of our digital promotions and marketing campaigns, and to detect and prevent fraudulent activity throughout our network. 

Cookies may easily be deleted or blocked
by Internet users. All of the most commonly used Internet browsers (including Chrome, Firefox, Internet Explorer, and Safari) allow Internet
users to prevent cookies from being accepted by their browsers. Internet users can also delete cookies from their computers at any time.
Some Internet users also download ad blocking software that prevents cookies from being stored on a user s computer.
If more Internet users adopt these settings or delete their cookies more frequently than they currently do, our business could be harmed.
In addition, the Safari and Firefox browsers blocks third-party cookies by default, and other browsers may do so in the future. Unless
such default settings in browsers were altered by Internet users to permit the placement of third-party cookies, we would be able to
set fewer of our cookies in users browsers, which could adversely affect our business. In addition, companies such as Google have
publicly disclosed their intention to move away from cookies to another form of persistent unique identifier, or ID, to identify individual
Internet users or Internet-connected devices in the bidding process on advertising exchanges. If companies do not use shared IDs across
the entire ecosystem, this could have a negative impact on our ability to find the same anonymous user across different web properties,
and reduce the effectiveness of our marketing efforts. 

In addition, in the European Union, or EU,
Directive 2009/136/EC, commonly referred to as the Cookie Directive, directs EU member states to ensure that collecting
information on an Internet user s computer, such as through a cookie, is allowed only if the Internet user has appropriately given
his or her prior freely given, specific, informed and unambiguous consent. Similarly, this Directive which also contains specific rules
for the sending of marketing communications, limits the use of marketing texts messages and e-mails. Additionally, an e-Privacy Regulation,
which will replace the Cookie Directive with requirements that could be stricter in certain respects, apply directly to activities within
the EU without the need to be transposed in each member state s law, and could impose stricter requirements regarding the use of
cookies and marketing e-mails and text messages and additional penalties for noncompliance, has been proposed, although at this time
it is unclear whether it will be approved as it is currently drafted or when its requirements will be effective. We may experience challenges
in obtaining appropriate consent to our use of cookies from consumers or to send marketing communications to consumers within the EU,
which may affect our ability to run promotions and our operating results and business in European markets, and we may not be able to
develop or implement additional tools that compensate for the lack of data associated with cookies. Moreover, even if we are able to
do so, such additional tools may be subject to further regulation, time consuming to develop or costly to obtain, and less effective
than our current use of cookies. 

25 

Economic, political and other risks associated
with our international operations could adversely affect our revenues and international growth prospects. 

On August 24, 2021, we established Smart for
Life Canada Inc. as a wholly owned subsidiary of DSO in Canada. This subsidiary sells retail products through a retail store location
in Montreal Canada and the same location also acts as distribution center for our international direct to consumer and big box customers.
We maintain inventory and employees at this location. We have sales outside of the United States. For fiscal 2022 and 2021, international
sales represented approximately 10 and 15 , respectively, of our total revenues. 

We intend to expand our international presence
as part of our business strategy. Our international operations are subject to a number of risks inherent to operating in foreign countries,
and any expansion of our international operations will amplify the effects of these risks, which include, among others: 

differences
 in culture, economic and labor conditions and practices; 

the
 policies of the U.S. and foreign governments; 

disruptions
 in trade relations and economic instability; 

differences
 in enforcement of contract and intellectual property rights; 

social
 and political unrest; 

natural
 disasters, terrorist attacks, pandemics or other catastrophic events; 

complex,
 varying and changing government regulations and legal standards and requirements, particularly
 with respect to tax regulations, price protection, competition practices, export control
 regulations and restrictions, customs and tax requirements, immigration, anti-boycott regulations,
 data privacy, intellectual property, anti-corruption and environmental compliance, including
 the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act; 

greater
 difficulty enforcing intellectual property rights and weaker laws protecting such rights;
 and 

greater
 difficulty in accounts receivable collections and longer collection periods. 

We are also affected by domestic and international
laws and regulations applicable to companies doing business abroad or importing and exporting goods and materials. These include tax
laws, laws regulating competition, anti-bribery/anti-corruption and other business practices, and trade regulations, including duties
and tariffs. Compliance with these laws is costly, and future changes to these laws may require significant management attention and
disrupt our operations. Additionally, while it is difficult to assess what changes may occur and the relative effect on our international
tax structure, significant changes in how U.S. and foreign jurisdictions tax cross-border transactions could materially and adversely
affect our results of operations and financial position. 

Our results of operations and financial position
are also impacted by changes in currency exchange rates. Unfavorable currency exchange rates between the US Dollar and foreign currencies,
particularly the Canadian dollar, could adversely affect us in the future. Fluctuations in currency exchange rates may present challenges
in comparing operating performance from period to period. 

There are other risks that are inherent in our
Canadian and other international operations, including the potential for changes in socio-economic conditions, laws and regulations,
including, among others, competition, import, export, labor and environmental, health and safety laws and regulations, and monetary and
fiscal policies, protectionist measures that may prohibit acquisitions or joint ventures, or impact trade volumes, unsettled political
conditions; government-imposed plant or other operational shutdowns, backlash from foreign labor organizations related to our restructuring
actions, corruption; natural and man-made disasters, hazards and losses, violence, civil and labor unrest, and possible terrorist attacks. 

Additionally, if the opportunity arises, we may
expand our operations into new and high-growth international markets. However, there is no assurance that we will expand our operations
in such markets in our desired time frame. To expand our operations into new international markets, we may enter into business combination
transactions, make acquisitions or enter into strategic partnerships, joint ventures or alliances, any of which may be material. We may
enter into these transactions to acquire other businesses or products to expand our products or take advantage of new developments and
potential changes in the industry. Our lack of experience operating in new international markets and our lack of familiarity with local
economic, political and regulatory systems could prevent us from achieving the results that we expect on our anticipated time frame or
at all. If we are unsuccessful in expanding into new or high-growth international markets, it could adversely affect our operating results
and financial condition. 

26 

Our international operations require us
to comply with anti-corruption laws and regulations of the U.S. government and various international jurisdictions in which we do business.

Doing business on a worldwide basis requires
us to comply with the laws and regulations of the U.S. government and various international jurisdictions, and our failure to successfully
comply with these rules and regulations may expose us to liabilities. These laws and regulations apply to companies, individual directors,
officers, employees, and agents, and may restrict our operations, trade practices, investment decisions and partnering activities. In
particular, our international operations are subject to U.S. and foreign anti-corruption laws and regulations, such as the Foreign Corrupt
Practices Act, or the FCPA. The FCPA prohibits us from providing anything of value to foreign officials for the purposes of influencing
official decisions or obtaining or retaining business or otherwise obtaining favorable treatment, and requires us to maintain adequate
record- keeping and internal accounting practices to accurately reflect our transactions. As part of our business, we may deal with state-owned
business enterprises, the employees and representatives of which may be considered foreign officials for purposes of the FCPA. In addition,
some of the international locations in which we operate lack a developed legal system and have elevated levels of corruption. As a result
of the above activities, we are exposed to the risk of violating anti-corruption laws. Violations of these legal requirements are punishable
by criminal fines and imprisonment, civil penalties, disgorgement of profits, injunctions, debarment from government contracts as well
as other remedial measures. We have established policies and procedures designed to assist us and our personnel in complying with applicable
U.S. and international laws and regulations. However, there can be no assurance that our policies and procedures will effectively prevent
us from violating these regulations in every transaction in which we may engage, and such a violation could adversely affect our reputation,
business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Our success depends on the experience and
skill of our board of directors, executive officers and key personnel, whom we may not be able to retain and we may not be able to hire
enough additional personnel to meet our needs. 

We are dependent on Alfonso J. Cervantes, Jr.
(Executive Chairman), Darren C. Minton (Chief Executive Officer and President), and Alan B. Bergman (Chief Financial Officer). There
can be no assurance that they will continue to be employed by us for a particular period of time. The loss of any member of the board
of directors or executive officer or advisors could harm our business, financial condition, cash flow and results of operations.	 

The success of our strategy will depend on a
well-defined management structure and the availability of a management team with proven competencies in the identification, acquisition
and integration of complementary companies and assets. To implement our business plan, we will need to keep the personnel that we currently
have and, if our business is to grow as planned, we will need additional personnel. We cannot assure you that we will be successful in
retaining our present team or in attracting and retaining additional personnel. If we are unable to attract and retain key personnel
or are unable to do so in a cost-effective manner, our business may be materially and adversely affected. 

Although dependent on certain key personnel,
we do not have any key man life insurance policies on any such people. 

We are dependent on our management team to conduct
our operations and execute our business plan, however, we have not purchased any insurance policies with respect to the management in
the event of the death or disability of any of our key managers. Therefore, if any of the members of our management team dies or becomes
disabled, we will not receive any compensation to assist with his absence. 

We may be a party to lawsuits that arise
in the ordinary course of business. 

We may be a party to lawsuits in the future (including
product liability, false advertising, and intellectual property claims) that arise in the ordinary course of business. The possibility
of such litigation, and its timing, is in large part outside our control. It is possible that future litigation could arise that could
have material adverse effects on us. 

27 

Risks Related to Ownership of Our Common Stock 

We may not be able to maintain a listing
of our common stock on Nasdaq. 

Our common stock is currently listed on the Nasdaq
Capital Market. We must meet certain financial and liquidity criteria to maintain the listing of our common stock on Nasdaq. If we fail
to meet any of Nasdaq s continued listing standards or we violate Nasdaq listing requirements, our common stock may be delisted.
In addition, our board of directors may determine that the cost of maintaining our listing on a national securities exchange outweighs
the benefits of such listing. 

On June 2, 2022, we received a notification letter,
which was modified on June 3, 2022, from Nasdaq notifying us that we were not in compliance with the minimum bid price requirement set
forth in Nasdaq Listing Rule 5550(a)(2) for continued listing on the Nasdaq. Nasdaq Listing Rule 5550(a)(2) requires listed securities
to maintain a minimum bid price of 1.00 per share, and Listing Rule 5810(c)(3)(A) provides that a failure to meet the minimum
bid price requirement exists if the deficiency continues for a period of 30 consecutive business days. Based on the closing bid price
of our common stock for the 30 consecutive business days from April 20, 2022 to June 1, 2022, we no longer meet the minimum
bid price requirement. In accordance with Nasdaq Listing Rule 5810(c)(3)(A), we were provided 180 calendar days, or until November
29, 2022, to regain compliance with Nasdaq Listing Rule 5550(a)(2). 

On November 28, 2022, we received an additional
notification letter from Nasdaq notifying us that we are not in compliance with the Nasdaq stockholders equity requirement of
 2,500,000 for continued listing on The Nasdaq Capital Market, as set forth in Listing Rule 5550(b), given that our Form 10-Q for the
period ended September 30, 2022 evidenced stockholders equity of only 2,051,279. Given the stockholders equity deficiency,
Nasdaq determined to terminate the grace period noted above one day early, pursuant to its discretionary authority, as set forth in Listing
Rule 5101. Based on the foregoing, we requested a hearing before a Nasdaq Hearings Panel, which was held on January 19, 2023. The hearing
request stayed any suspension or delisting action pending the conclusion of the hearings process. 

On January 25, 2023, we received a notification
letter from Nasdaq notifying us that the Nasdaq Hearings Panel granted an exception from the foregoing continued listing standards until
May 30, 2023. Accordingly, we have until May 30, 2023 to regain compliance with the foregoing rules. 

On March 15, 2023, we held a special meeting
of stockholders at which we received stockholder approval for our board of directors to implement one or more reverse stock splits of
our outstanding common stock at a ratio of not less than 1-for-5 and not more than 1-for-50 in the aggregate at any time prior to December
31, 2023. We intend to implement a reverse stock split within the next few weeks. 

A delisting of our common stock from Nasdaq may
materially impair our stockholders ability to buy and sell our common stock and could have an adverse effect on the market price
of, and the efficiency of the trading market for, our common stock. The delisting of our common stock could significantly impair our
ability to raise capital and the value of your investment. 

The market price of our stock may be highly
volatile, and you could lose all or part of your investment. 

The market for our common stock may be characterized
by significant price volatility when compared to the shares of larger, more established companies that have large public floats, and
our stock price will likely be more volatile than the shares of such larger, more established companies for the indefinite future. The
stock market in general has recently been highly volatile. Furthermore, there have been recent instances of extreme stock price run-ups
followed by rapid price declines and stock price volatility following a number of recent initial public offerings, particularly among
companies with relatively smaller public floats. We also experienced such volatility following our initial public offering in February
2022 and may continue to experience such volatility, which may be unrelated to our actual or expected operating performance and financial
condition or prospects, making it difficult for prospective investors to assess the rapidly changing value of our common stock. 

The market price of our common stock is likely
to be volatile due to a number of factors. First, as noted above, our common stock is likely to be more sporadically and thinly traded
compared to the shares of such larger, more established companies. The price for our common stock could, for example, decline precipitously
in the event that a large number of shares is sold on the market without commensurate demand. Secondly, we are a speculative or risky 
investment due to our lack of profits to date. As a consequence of this enhanced risk, more risk-adverse investors may, under the fear
of losing all or most of their investment in the event of negative news or lack of progress, be more inclined to sell their shares on
the market more quickly and at greater discounts than would be the case with the stock of a larger, more established company that has
a large public float. Many of these factors are beyond our control and may decrease the market price of our common stock regardless of
our operating performance. The market price of our common stock could also be subject to wide fluctuations in response to a broad and
diverse range of factors, including the following: 

actual
 or anticipated variations in our periodic operating results; 

increases
 in market interest rates that lead investors of our common stock to demand a higher investment
 return; 

28 

changes
 in earnings estimates; 

changes
 in market valuations of similar companies; 

actions
 or announcements by our competitors; 

adverse
 market reaction to any increased indebtedness we may incur in the future; 

additions
 or departures of key personnel; 

actions
 by stockholders; 

speculation
 in the media, online forums, or investment community; and 

our
 ability to maintain the listing of our common stock on Nasdaq. 

Volatility in the market price of our common
stock may prevent investors from being able to sell their common stock at or above the price at which they purchased our common stock.
As a result, you may suffer a loss on your investment. 

We have not paid in the past and do not
expect to declare or pay dividends in the foreseeable future. 

We
have not paid in the past and do not expect to declare or pay dividends in the foreseeable future, as we anticipate that we will invest
future earnings in the development and growth of our business . Therefore,
holders of our common stock will not receive any return on their investment unless they sell their securities, and holders may be unable
to sell their securities on favorable terms or at all. 

Future issuances of our common stock or
securities convertible into, or exercisable or exchangeable for, our common stock, or the expiration of lock-up agreements that restrict
the issuance of new common stock or the trading of outstanding common stock, could cause the market price of our common stock to decline
and would result in the dilution of your holdings. 

Future issuances of our common stock or securities
convertible into, or exercisable or exchangeable for, our common stock, or the expiration of lock-up agreements that restrict the issuance
of new common stock or the trading of outstanding common stock, could cause the market price of our common stock to decline. We cannot
predict the effect, if any, of future issuances of our securities, or the future expirations of lock-up agreements, on the price of our
common stock. In all events, future issuances of our common stock would result in the dilution of your holdings. In addition, the perception
that new issuances of our securities could occur, or the perception that locked-up parties will sell their securities when the lock-ups
expire, could adversely affect the market price of our common stock. In connection with our initial public offering, we and all of our
directors and executive officers entered into lock-up agreements, pursuant to which we and each of these persons may not, without the
prior written approval of the representative of the underwriters and subject to certain exceptions, offer, sell, contract to sell, pledge,
or otherwise dispose of, directly or indirectly, our common stock or securities convertible into or exchangeable or exercisable for our
common stock for a period of six months from the closing of the initial public offering with respect to our directors and executive officers
and for a period of twelve months from the closing of the initial public offering with respect to our company. In addition to any adverse
effects that may arise upon the expiration of these lock-up agreements, the lock-up provisions in these agreements may be waived, at
any time and without notice. If the restrictions under the lock-up agreements are waived, our common stock may become available for resale,
subject to applicable law, including without notice, which could reduce the market price for our common stock. 

Future issuances of debt securities, which
would rank senior to our common stock upon our bankruptcy or liquidation, and future issuances of preferred stock, which could rank senior
to our common stock for the purposes of dividends and liquidating distributions, may adversely affect the level of return you may be
able to achieve from an investment in our common stock. 

In the future, we may attempt to increase our
capital resources by offering debt securities. Upon bankruptcy or liquidation, holders of our debt securities, and lenders with respect
to other borrowings we may make, would receive distributions of our available assets prior to any distributions being made to holders
of our common stock. Moreover, if we issue preferred stock, the holders of such preferred stock could be entitled to preferences over
holders of common stock in respect of the payment of dividends and the payment of liquidating distributions. Because our decision to
issue debt or preferred stock in any future offering, or borrow money from lenders, will depend in part on market conditions and other
factors beyond our control, we cannot predict or estimate the amount, timing or nature of any such future offerings or borrowings. Holders
of our common stock must bear the risk that any future offerings we conduct or borrowings we make may adversely affect the level of return,
if any, they may be able to achieve from an investment in our common stock. 

29 

If securities industry analysts do not
publish research reports on us, or publish unfavorable reports on us, then the market price and market trading volume of our common stock
could be negatively affected. 

Any trading market for our common stock may be
influenced in part by any research reports that securities industry analysts publish about us. We do not currently have and may never
obtain research coverage by securities industry analysts. If no securities industry analysts commence coverage of us, the market price
and market trading volume of our common stock could be negatively affected. In the event we are covered by analysts, and one or more
of such analysts downgrade our securities, or otherwise reports on us unfavorably, or discontinues coverage of us, the market price and
market trading volume of our common stock could be negatively affected. 

If our shares of common stock become subject
to the penny stock rules, it would become more difficult to trade our shares. 

The SEC has adopted rules that regulate broker-dealer
practices in connection with transactions in penny stocks. Penny stocks are generally equity securities with a price of less than 5.00,
other than securities registered on certain national securities exchanges or authorized for quotation on certain automated quotation
systems, provided that current price and volume information with respect to transactions in such securities is provided by the exchange
or system. If we do not retain a listing on Nasdaq or another national securities exchange and if the price of our common stock is less
than 5.00, our common stock could be deemed a penny stock. The penny stock rules require a broker-dealer, before a transaction in a
penny stock not otherwise exempt from those rules, to deliver a standardized risk disclosure document containing specified information.
In addition, the penny stock rules require that before effecting any transaction in a penny stock not otherwise exempt from those rules,
a broker-dealer must make a special written determination that the penny stock is a suitable investment for the purchaser and receive
(i) the purchaser s written acknowledgment of the receipt of a risk disclosure statement; (ii) a written agreement to transactions
involving penny stocks; and (iii) a signed and dated copy of a written suitability statement. These disclosure requirements may have
the effect of reducing the trading activity in the secondary market for our common stock, and therefore stockholders may have difficulty
selling their shares. 

We are subject to ongoing public reporting
requirements that are less rigorous than Exchange Act rules for companies that are not emerging growth companies and our stockholders
could receive less information than they might expect to receive from more mature public companies. 

We are required to publicly report on an ongoing
basis as an emerging growth company under the reporting rules set forth under the Exchange Act. For so long as we remain
an emerging growth company, we may take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other
Exchange Act reporting companies that are not emerging growth companies. For so long as we are an emerging growth company, we will not
be required to: 

have
 an auditor report on our internal controls over financial reporting pursuant to Section 404(b)
 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act; 

comply
 with any requirement that may be adopted by the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
 regarding mandatory audit firm rotation or a supplement to the auditor s report providing
 additional information about the audit and the financial statements (i.e., an auditor discussion
 and analysis); 

submit
 certain executive compensation matters to stockholder advisory votes, such as say-on-pay 
 and say-on-frequency; and 

disclose
 certain executive compensation related items such as the correlation between executive compensation
 and performance and comparisons of the chief executive officer s compensation to median
 employee compensation. 

In addition, Section 107 of the JOBS Act also
provides that an emerging growth company can take advantage of the extended transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities
Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Act, for complying with new or revised accounting standards. In other words, an emerging growth
company can delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies. We have
elected to take advantage of the benefits of this extended transition period. Our financial statements may therefore not be comparable
to those of companies that comply with such new or revised accounting standards. 

30 

We will remain an emerging growth company until
the earliest of (i) the last day of the fiscal year following the fifth anniversary of our initial public offering, (ii) the last day
of the first fiscal year in which our total annual gross revenues are 1.07 billion or more, (iii) the date that we become a large
accelerated filer as defined in Rule 12b-2 under the Exchange Act, which would occur if the market value of our common stock that
is held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of the last business day of our most recently completed second fiscal quarter, or (iv)
the date on which we have issued more than 1 billion in non-convertible debt during the preceding three year period. 

Because we will be subject to ongoing public
reporting requirements that are less rigorous than Exchange Act rules for companies that are not emerging growth companies, our stockholders
could receive less information than they might expect to receive from more mature public companies. We cannot predict if investors will
find our common stock less attractive if we elect to rely on these exemptions, or if taking advantage of these exemptions would result
in less active trading or more volatility in the price of our common stock. 

Anti-takeover provisions in our charter
documents and under Delaware law could make an acquisition of our company more difficult, and limit attempts by our stockholders to replace
or remove our current management. 

Provisions in our certificate of incorporation
and bylaws may have the effect of delaying or preventing a change of control or changes in our management. Our certificate of incorporation
and bylaws include provisions that: 

permit
 the board of directors to establish the number of directors and fill any vacancies and newly
 created directorships; 

provide
 that directors may only be removed by the majority of the shares of voting stock then outstanding;
 and 

establish
 advance notice requirements for nominations for election to our board of directors or for
 proposing matters that can be acted upon by stockholders at annual stockholder meetings. 

These provisions may frustrate or prevent any
attempts by our stockholders to replace or remove our current management by making it more difficult for stockholders to replace members
of our board of directors, which is responsible for appointing the members of our management. 

ITEM
1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS. 

Not applicable. 

ITEM
2. PROPERTIES. 

Our corporate offices,
along with the Ceautamed office and warehouse, are located at 990 S Rogers Circle, Suite 3, Boca Raton, Florida 33487. We rent
this facility under a lease that commenced on December 1, 2022 and ends on December 31, 2029, with one option to extend the term for five
years. The monthly rent is approximately 13,283 for the first year, with 3.5 annual increases to approximately 16,328 in the final
year of the initial term. We are also responsible for our proportionate (5.69 share of any increases to the landlord s taxes,
insurance and common area maintenance costs after December 31, 2022. 

BSNM is located at 10575
N.W. 37th Terrace, Doral, Florida 33178. It operates a manufacturing facility at this address. The building housing this manufacturing
facility is under a 5-year lease ending in December 1, 2027, at a rental rate of 7,856 per month with a 3 annual increase. 

DSO s
manufacturing and corporate offices are located at 1210 W 13th St, Riviera Beach, Florida 33404. It operates a 30,000 square foot
manufacturing facility at this address. The building housing this manufacturing facility is under a five-year lease ending in August
2028 at a rental rate of 24,470 per month with a 3 annual increase. DSO has an option to renew this lease for an additional three
years with a 3 annual increase in the rental amount. 

Our Canadian
subsidiary Smart for Life Canada Inc. operates a retail store located at 6525 D carie Boulevard, Suite GR-3, Montreal,
Quebec, Canada H3W-3E3. This location also acts as a distribution center for our international direct to consumer and big box
customers. Smart for Life Canada Inc. rents this facility under a three-year lease agreement ending in September 2024 at a rental
rate of C 37,570 per year (approximately US 46,734), plus its 3.53 proportionate share of real estate taxes and operating
expenses. 

We believe that all
our properties have been adequately maintained, are generally in good condition, and are suitable and adequate for our business. 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS. 

From time to time, we may become involved in
various lawsuits and legal proceedings which arise in the ordinary course of business. However, litigation is subject to inherent uncertainties,
and an adverse result in these or other matters may arise from time to time that may harm our business. We are currently not aware of
any such legal proceedings or claims that we believe will have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or operating
results. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES. 

Not applicable. 

31 

PART II 

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES. 

Market Information 

Our common stock is listed on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol
 SMFL. 

Number of Holders of our Common Shares 

As of March 29, 2023, there were approximately
88 stockholders of record of our common stock. In computing the number of holders of record of our common stock, each broker-dealer
and clearing corporation holding shares on behalf of its customers is counted as a single stockholder. 

Dividend Policy 

We have never declared or paid cash dividends
on our common stock. We currently intend to retain all available funds and any future earnings for use in the operation of our business
and do not anticipate paying any cash dividends on our common stock in the near future. We may also enter into credit agreements or other
borrowing arrangements in the future that will restrict our ability to declare or pay cash dividends on our common stock. Any future
determination to declare dividends will be made at the discretion of our board of directors and will depend on our financial condition,
operating results, capital requirements, contractual restrictions, general business conditions and other factors that our board of directors
may deem relevant. See also Item 1A Risk Factors Risks Related Ownership of Our Common Stock We have not paid in
the past and do not expect to declare or pay dividends in the foreseeable future . 

Securities Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans 

See Item 12 Security Ownership of Certain
Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters . 

Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 

We have not sold any equity securities during the 2022 fiscal year
that were not previously disclosed in a quarterly report on Form 10-Q or a current report on Form 8-K that was filed during the 2022
fiscal year. 

Purchases of Equity Securities 

No repurchases of our common stock were made during the fourth quarter
of 2022. 

ITEM 6. [RESERVED] 

32 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS. 

The
following discussion and analysis summarizes the significant factors affecting our operating results, financial condition, liquidity
and cash flows as of and for the periods presented below. The following discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with our
financial statements and the related notes thereto included elsewhere in this report. The discussion contains forward-looking statements
that are based on the beliefs of management, as well as assumptions made by, and information currently available to, management. Actual
results could differ materially from those discussed in or implied by forward-looking statements as a result of various factors, including
those discussed below and elsewhere in this report, particularly in the sections titled Risk Factors and Special
Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements. 

Overview 

We are engaged in the development, marketing,
manufacturing, acquisition, operation and sale of a broad spectrum of nutritional and related products with an emphasis on health and
wellness. Structured as a global holding company, we are executing a buy-and-build strategy with serial accretive acquisitions creating
a vertically integrated company with an objective of aggregating companies generating a minimum of 300 million in revenues by the fourth
quarter of 2026. To drive growth and earnings, we are developing proprietary products as well as acquiring other profitable companies,
encompassing brands, manufacturing and distribution channels. 

We also operate a network platform in the affiliate
marketing space. Affiliate marketing is an advertising model in which a product vendor compensates third-party digital marketers to generate
traffic or leads for the product vendor s products and services. The third-party digital marketers are referred to as affiliates,
and the commission fee incentivizes them to find ways to promote the products being sold by the product vendor. 

On March 8, 2018, we acquired 51 of BSNM and
on October 9, 2019, we acquired the remaining 49 . BSNM is a nutraceutical contract manufacturer. It specializes in a wide variety of
products, from the private labeling of vitamins, dietary supplements, nutraceuticals, sport nutrition and broad-spectrum nutritional
supplements, and sells them throughout the United States and around the world, including South America, Central America and Europe. 

On July 1, 2021, we acquired DSO. DSO manufactures,
sells and owns the Smart for Life brand of natural health and wellness meal replacement products. The brand includes proprietary hunger
suppressing functional foods that are designed to work with the body s natural ability to lose weight. It also develops premium
supplements and commodities that will promote optimal health and wellness. DSO has over 15 years of experience providing high-quality
products to premium retail locations and companies. Its branded vitamins and supplements are also being sold through Amazon, and this
sales channel is becoming a major contributor to the growth of the brand online. 

On August 24, 2021, we established Smart for
Life Canada Inc. as a wholly owned subsidiary of DSO in Canada. This subsidiary sells retail products through a retail store location
in Montreal Canada and the same location also acts as distribution center for our international direct to consumer and big box customers.
We maintain inventory and employees at this location. 

On November 8, 2021, we acquired Nexus. Nexus
operates a cost per action/cost per acquisition network. This network consists of hundreds of digital marketers who stand ready to market
products introduced to the Nexus network. The cost per action/cost per acquisition model is where digital marketers are paid for an action
(e.g., a product sale or lead generation) that is taken as a direct result of their marketing efforts. Through the digital marketer s
method of marketing, the digital marketer sends traffic to one of the product vendor s offers listed on the network. 

On December 6, 2021, we acquired GSP. GSP is
a sports nutrition company. It offers nutritional supplements for athletes and active lifestyle consumers through a variety of wellness
solutions and delivery methods, including powders, tablets and soft gels that are formulated to support energy and performance; nutrition
and wellness; and focus and clarity. GSP s initial line of nutritional products are marketed under the Sports Illustrated Nutrition
brand. The product line currently consists of whey protein isolate powder, tablet supplements for joint health, nitric oxide, post workout
blends, Omega-3 supplements, and pre-workout supplements, among others. 

On July 29, 2022, we acquired Ceautamed. Ceautamed
is based in Boca Raton, Florida and owns the Greens First line of branded products which have been specifically marketed to the healthcare
provider sector. These vitamins and supplements have been sold on a business-to-business basis, direct-to-consumer basis, as well as
sold utilizing an international medical distribution company pursuant to a long-term contract. 

33 

Recent Developments 

On February 14, 2023, we filed for Employee Retention
Credits for an aggregate amount of approximately 1,635,000. 

Subsequent to December 31, 2022, we issued additional
original discount subordinated debentures in the aggregate principal amount of 1,046,471. The debentures contain an original issue discount
of 15 , or an aggregate original issue discount of 156,971. As a result, the net proceeds recorded was 889,500. The debentures bear interest
at a rate of 17.5 per annum. 

Impact of Coronavirus Pandemic 

The COVID-19 pandemic continues to rapidly
evolve. At this time, there continues to be significant volatility and uncertainty relating to the full extent to which the COVID-19 pandemic
and the various responses to it will impact our business, operations and financial results. 

We are dependent upon certain contract manufacturers
and suppliers and their ability to reliably and efficiently fulfill our orders is critical to our business success. The COVID-19 pandemic
has impacted and may continue to impact certain of our manufacturers and suppliers. As a result, we have faced and may continue to face
delays or difficulty sourcing certain products and raw materials, which could negatively affect our business and financial results. Even
if we are able to find alternate sources for such raw materials, they may cost more, which could adversely impact our profitability and
financial condition. 

Furthermore, the global deterioration in economic
conditions, which may have an adverse impact on discretionary consumer spending or investing, could also impact our business and demand
for our products. For instance, consumer spending and investing may be negatively impacted by general macroeconomic conditions, including
a rise in unemployment, and decreased consumer confidence resulting from the pandemic. Changing consumer and investor behaviors as a
result of the pandemic may also have a material impact on our revenue. 

Our efforts to help mitigate the negative impact
of the outbreak on our business may not be effective, and we may be affected by a protracted economic downturn. Furthermore, while many
governmental authorities around the world have and continue to enact legislation to address the impact of COVID-19, including measures
intended to mitigate some of the more severe anticipated economic effects of the virus, we may not benefit from such legislation, or
such legislation may prove to be ineffective in addressing COVID-19 s impact on our and our customer s businesses and operations.
Even after the COVID-19 outbreak has subsided, we may continue to experience impacts to our business as a result of COVID-19 s
global economic impact and any recession that has occurred or may occur in the future. Further, as the COVID-19 situation is unprecedented
and continuously evolving, COVID-19 may also affect our operating and financial results in a manner that is not presently known to us
or in a manner that we currently do not consider that may present significant risks to our operations. 

The extent to which the COVID-19 pandemic may
impact our results will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted as of the date of this report.
Nevertheless, the pandemic and the current financial, economic and capital markets environment, and future developments in the global
supply chain and other areas present material uncertainty and risk with respect to our performance, financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows. See also Item 1A Risk Factors for more information. 

Principal Factors Affecting Our Financial Performance 

Our operating results are primarily affected by the following factors: 

our ability to acquire new customers or retain existing customers; 

our ability to offer competitive product pricing; 

our ability to broaden product offerings; 

industry demand and competition; and 

market conditions and our market position. 

Emerging Growth Company 

We qualify as an emerging growth company 
under the JOBS Act. As a result, we will be permitted to, and intend to, rely on exemptions from certain disclosure requirements. For
so long as we are an emerging growth company, we will not be required to: 

have an auditor report on our internal controls over financial
reporting pursuant to Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act; 

34 

comply with any requirement that may be adopted by the Public
Company Accounting Oversight Board regarding mandatory audit firm rotation or a supplement to the auditor s report providing additional
information about the audit and the financial statements (i.e., an auditor discussion and analysis); 

submit certain executive compensation matters to stockholder
advisory votes, such as say-on-pay and say-on-frequency; and 

disclose certain executive compensation related items such
as the correlation between executive compensation and performance and comparisons of the chief executive officer s compensation
to median employee compensation. 

In addition, Section 107 of the JOBS Act also
provides that an emerging growth company can take advantage of the extended transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities
Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards. In other words, an emerging growth company can delay the adoption of certain
accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies. We have elected to take advantage of the benefits
of this extended transition period. Our financial statements may therefore not be comparable to those of companies that comply with such
new or revised accounting standards. 

We will remain an emerging growth company until
the earliest of (i) the last day of the fiscal year following the fifth anniversary of our initial public offering, (ii) the last day
of the first fiscal year in which our total annual gross revenues are 1.07 billion or more, (iii) the date that we become a large
accelerated filer as defined in Rule 12b-2 under the Exchange Act, which would occur if the market value of our common stock that
is held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of the last business day of our most recently completed second fiscal quarter or (iv)
the date on which we have issued more than 1 billion in non-convertible debt during the preceding three year period. 

Results of Operations 

Comparison of Years Ended December 31,
2022 and 2021 

The following table sets forth key components
of our results of operations during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, both in dollars and as a percentage of our revenues. 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 

Amount 
 of Revenues 
 Amount 
 of Revenues 
 
 Revenues 

Products 
 14,331,482 
 80.67 
 8,330,571 
 92.33 
 
 Advertising 
 3,434,879 
 19.33 
 692,022 
 7.67 
 
 Total revenues 
 17,766,361 
 100.00 
 9,022,593 
 100.00 
 
 Cost of revenues 

Products 
 10,327,956 
 58.13 
 5,596,247 
 62.02 
 
 Advertising 
 2,561,276 
 14.42 
 528,386 
 5.86 
 
 Total cost of revenues 
 12,889,232 
 72.55 
 6,124,633 
 67.88 
 
 Gross profit 
 4,877,129 
 27.45 
 2,897,960 
 32.12 
 
 Operating expenses 

General and administrative 
 6,321,672 
 35.58 
 2,948,466 
 32.68 
 
 Compensation 
 6,690,889 
 37.66 
 3,564,978 
 39.51 
 
 Professional Services 
 1,925,713 
 10.84 
 907,412 
 10.06 
 
 Depreciation and amortization expense 
 2,145,441 
 12.08 
 717,925 
 7.96 
 
 Total operating expenses 
 17,083,715 
 96.16 
 8,138,781 
 90.20 
 
 Operating loss 
 (12,206,586 
 (68.71 
 (5,240,821 
 (58.09 
 
 Other income (expense) 

Other expense 
 (8,900 
 (0.05 
 (12,782 
 (0.14 
 
 Consulting fees - related parties 
 (1,471,199 
 (8.28 
 - 
 - 
 
 IPO expenses 
 (702,394 
 (3.95 
 - 
 - 
 
 Gain on extinguishment of debt 
 329,052 
 1.85 
 - 
 - 
 
 Interest expense 
 (15,917,788 
 (89.60 
 (2,511,920 
 (27.84 
 
 Total other expense 
 (17,771,229 
 (100.03 
 (2,524,702 
 (27.98 
 
 Net loss 
 (29,977,815 
 (168.73 
 (7,765,523 
 (86.07 

Revenues . Our total revenues increased
by 8,743,768, or 96.91 , to 17,766,361 for the year ended December 31, 2022 from 9,022,593 for the year ended December 31, 2021. Such
increase was primarily due to the acquisitions that were completed in 2021 and 2022, including the acquisition of DSO that was completed
in the third quarter of 2021, the acquisitions of Nexus and GSP that were completed in the fourth quarter of 2021 and the acquisition
of Ceautamed that was completed in the third quarter of 2022. 

35 

Our nutraceutical business generates revenue
from the sales of nutritional and related products. Revenues from our nutraceutical business (products) increased by 6,000,911, or 72.03 ,
to 14,331,482 for the year ended December 31, 2022 from 8,330,571 for the year ended December 31, 2021. This increase was primarily
due to the acquisitions, as well as increased sales of our contract manufacturing services associated with the relief of certain supply
constraints of products and increased marketing efforts for our products and services. The increase was the result of an increase in
the volume of products sold and not due to pricing changes. 

Our digital marketing business generates revenues
when sales of listed products are sold by product vendors through our network as a result of the marketing efforts of digital marketers.
Revenues from our digital marketing business (advertising), which is operated by Nexus, were 3,434,879 for the year ended December 31,
2022 and 692,022 for the period from November 8, 2021 (date of acquisition) to December 31, 2021. 

Cost of revenues . Our total cost
of revenues increased by 6,764,599, or 110.45 , to 12,889,232 for the year ended December 31, 2022 from 6,124,633 for the year ended
December 31, 2021. Such increase was primarily due to the acquisitions described above. 

Cost of revenues for our nutraceutical business
consist of ingredients, packaging materials, freight, and labor associated with the production of various products. Cost of revenues for
our nutraceutical business (products) increased by 4,731,709, or 84.55 , to 10,327,956 for the year ended December 31, 2022 from 5,596,247
for the year ended December 31, 2021. Such increase was primarily due to the acquisitions described above. As a percentage of product
revenues, cost of revenues for product sales increased from 67.18 in 2021 to 72.55 in 2022 due to rising prices for raw materials. 

Cost of revenues for our digital marketing business
consist of commissions and bonuses paid to digital marketers. Cost of revenues from our digital marketing business (advertising) were
 2,561,276 for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 528,386 for the period from November 8, 2021 (date of acquisition) to December 31,
2021. As a percentage of advertising revenues, cost of revenues for advertising sales was 74.57 for the year ended December 31, 2022
and 76.35 for the period from November 8, 2021 (date of acquisition) to December 31, 2021. 

Gross profit . As a result of the
foregoing, our gross profit increased by 1,979,169, or 68.30 , to 4,877,129 for the year ended December 31, 2022 from 2,897,960 for
the year ended December 31, 2021. As a percentage of revenues, our gross profit decreased from 32.12 in 2021 to 27.45 in 2022. 

General and administrative expenses . 
 Our general and administrative expenses consist primarily of advertising expenses, bad debts, rent expense, insurance and other expenses
incurred in connection with general operations. Our general and administrative expenses increased by 3,373,206, or 114.41 to 6,321,672
for the year ended December 31, 2022 from 2,948,466 for the year ended December 31, 2021. Such increase was primarily due to increased
rates for insurance as a public company and full year operations for subsidiaries, including advertising, acquired in 2021 and five months
of activities for Ceautamed, which was acquired during 2022. As a percentage of revenues, general and administrative expenses increased
from 32.68 in 2021 to 35.58 in 2022. 

Compensation . Our compensation
expenses include both cash and non-cash items, including salaries plus related payroll taxes. Our compensation expenses increased by
 3,125,911, or 87.68 to 6,690,889 for the year ended December 31, 2022 from 3,564,978 for the year ended December 31, 2021. Such increase
was primarily due to the full year of operations for subsidiaries acquired in 2021 and five months of activity for Ceautamed, which was
acquired in 2022. As a percentage of revenues, compensation expenses decreased from 39.51 in 2021 to 37.66 in 2022. 

Professional services . Our
professional services expenses consist primarily of investor relations, consulting, advisory, legal and audit expenses incurred in connection
with general operations. Our professional services expenses increased by 1,018,301, or 112.22 to 1,925,713 for the year ended December
31, 2022 from 907,412 for the year ended December 31, 2021. Such increase was primarily due to our initial public offering, or the IPO,
in February 2022. As a percentage of revenues, professional services expenses increased from 10.06 in 2021 to 10.84 in 2022. 

Depreciation and amortization . Depreciation
and amortization was 2,145,441, or 12.08 of revenues, for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to 717,925, or 7.96 of revenues,
for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase in amortization is associated with the amortization of the intangible assets acquired
in the various acquisitions. 

36 

Total other income (expense) . We
had 17,771,229 in total other expense, net, for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to total other expense, net, of 2,524,702
for the year ended December 31, 2021. Total other expense, net, for the year ended December 31, 2022 consisted of interest expense of
 15,917,788, related party consulting fees of 1,471,199, IPO expenses of 702,394
and other expense of 8,900, offset by a gain on debt extinguishment
of 329,052, while other expense, net, for the year ended December 31, 2021 consisted of interest expense of 2,511,920 and other expense
of 12,782. 

Net loss . As a result of the
cumulative effect of the factors described above, we had a net loss of 29,977,815 for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared
to 7,765,523 for the year ended December 31, 2021, an increase of 22,212,292, or 286.04 . 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

As of December 31, 2022, we had cash of 69,714.
To date, we have financed our operations primarily through revenue generated from operations, bank borrowings and sales of our securities.
Since our inception in 2017, we have experienced losses and as a result have continued to use cash in our operations. We have been dependent
upon financing activities as we implement our acquisition strategy. 

We believe that our current levels of cash, along
with the recent acquisition of Ceautamed and with additional debt or equity issuances of approximately 12 million, will be sufficient
to meet our anticipated cash needs for our operations for at least the next 12 months. Additional funds will be required to execute our
business plan and our strategy of acquiring additional companies. The funds required to execute this business plan will depend on the
size, capital structure and purchase price consideration that the seller of a target business deems acceptable in a given transaction.
The amount of funds needed to execute our business plan also depends on what portion of the purchase price of a target business the seller
of that business is willing to take in the form of seller notes or our equity or equity in one of our subsidiaries. As noted elsewhere
in this report, we intend on paying no more than 60 cash on any acquisition that we execute with a target of 50 . Given these factors,
we believe that the amount of outside additional capital necessary to execute our business plan for the next 12 months ranges from 10
million to 30 million. 

We intend to raise capital for additional acquisitions
primarily through debt financing at our operating company level, additional equity offerings by the Company, or by undertaking a combination
of any of the above. The sale of additional equity securities could result in dilution to our stockholders. The incurrence of indebtedness
would result in increased debt service obligations and could require us to agree to operating and financial covenants that would restrict
our operations. Financing may not be available in amounts or on terms acceptable to us, if at all. 

There is no guarantee that we will be able to
acquire additional businesses under the terms outlined above or that we will be able to find additional acquisition candidates should
we terminate our plans for any of our current acquisition targets. 

Summary of Cash Flow 

The following table provides detailed information
about our net cash flow for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Net cash used in operating activities 
 (9,377,916 
 (4,965,458 
 
 Net cash used in investing activities 
 (3,064,456 
 (8,241,383 
 
 Net cash provided by financing activities 
 12,306,993 
 12,926,986 
 
 Net change in cash 
 (135,379 
 (279,855 
 
 Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year 
 205,093 
 484,948 
 
 Cash and cash equivalents at end of year 
 69,714 
 205,093 

Our net cash used in operating activities was 9,377,916 for the year
ended December 31, 2022, as compared to 4,965,458 for the year ended December 31, 2021. For the year ended December 31, 2022, our net
loss of 29,977,815, offset by interest expense associated with future equity agreements of 10,844,960, debt issuance cost of 2,833,080,
an increase in accounts payable of 2,463,903, and depreciation and amortization of 2,145,441, were the primary drivers for cash used
in operations. For the year ended December 31, 2021, our net loss of 7,765,523 and a decrease in inventory of 842,049, offset by an
increase in accrued expenses of 1,012,897, depreciation and amortization expense of 717,925 and debt issuances costs of 621,638, were
the primary drivers for cash used in operations. 

37 

Our net cash used in investing activities was
 3,064,456 for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to 8,241,383 for the year ended December 31, 2021. Net
cash used in investing activities for the year ended December 31, 2022 consisted of cash paid for the acquisition of Ceautamed of 3,000,000
and purchase of equipment of 64,456, while the net cash used in investing activities for the year ended December 31, 2021 consisted
of cash paid for the acquisition of DSO of 6,000,000, cash paid for the acquisition of Nexus of 2,100,000 and
purchases of property and equipment of 141,383. 

Our net cash provided by financing activities
was 12,306,993 for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to 12,926,986 for the year ended December 31, 2021. Net cash provided
by financing activities for the year ended December 31, 2022 consisted of proceeds from the IPO of 12,684,739, proceeds from convertible
notes and notes payable of 9,797,275 and proceeds from a private placement of common stock of 910,001, offset by repayments on convertible
notes and notes payable of 10,888,609 and payments to related parties of 196,413, while net cash provided by financing activities for
the year ended December 31, 2021 consisted of proceeds from the issuance of note payables of 7,418,969, net proceeds of 7,080,000 from
the private placement of preferred stock and receipts from related parties of 1,367,400, offset by repayments on convertible notes and
notes payable of 1,851,860 and repayments to related parties of 1,087,523. 

Private Placement
of Common Stock and Prefunded Warrants 

On December 8, 2022, we entered into a securities
purchase agreement with certain accredited investors, pursuant to which we issued to the investors an aggregate of 1,282,896 shares of
common stock and prefunded warrants to purchase an aggregate of 1,574,248 shares of common stock for an aggregate purchase price of 1,000,000,
or 0.35 per underlying share. 

The investors were previously issued 12 unsecured
subordinated convertible debentures in the aggregate principal amount of 2,250,000, which were convertible into shares of common stock
at a conversion price of 1.00 per share. In connection with the securities purchase agreement, the investors agreed to convert all outstanding
principal and interest on the debentures, in the amount of 2,542,500, into an aggregate of 2,542,501 shares of common stock in accordance
with the terms of the debentures. In consideration for, and as inducement for, the conversion of the debentures as aforesaid, we also
issued to the investors debenture prefunded warrants to purchase an aggregate of 4,721,787 shares of common stock. 

The investors were also previously issued warrants
for the purchase of an aggregate of 11,999,404 shares of common stock at an exercise price of 6.25, which contain a full ratchet anti-dilution
adjustment provision. As a result of the issuance of shares at 0.35 per share, the exercise price of these warrants was reduced to 0.35
per share and the number of shares underlying the warrants was increased to 214,275,076 shares in accordance with the terms of the warrants.
Pursuant to the securities purchase agreement, the investors then agreed to amend and restate the terms of the warrants to, among other
things, remove full ratchet anti-dilution adjustment provision. 

Dawson James Securities, Inc. acted as placement
agent in connection with the private placement described above and received a cash commission of 90,000 and warrants for the purchase
of 228,572 shares of common at an exercise price of 0.35. 

Initial Public Offering 

On February 16, 2022, we entered into an underwriting
agreement with Dawson James Securities, Inc., as representative of the several underwriters named on Schedule I thereto, relating to
our IPO of units, each unit consisting of one share of common stock, a series A warrant to purchase one share of
common stock and a series B warrant to purchase one share of common stock. Pursuant to the underwriting agreement, we agreed to sell
1,440,000 units to the underwriters, at a purchase price per unit of 9.10 (the offering price to the public of 10.00 per unit minus
the underwriters discount), and also agreed to grant to the underwriters a 45-day option to purchase up to 216,000 additional
shares of common stock, up to 216,000 additional series A warrants, and/or up to 216,000 additional series B warrants, in any combination
thereof, at a purchase price to the public of 9.98 per share and 0.01 per warrant, less underwriting discounts and commissions, solely
to cover over-allotments, if any. 

On February 18, 2022, the closing of our IPO
was completed. At the closing, the underwriters partially exercised the option and purchased 206,390 series A warrants and 206,390 series
B warrants. Therefore, we sold 1,440,000 shares of common stock, 1,646,390 series A warrants and 1,646,390 series B warrants for total
gross proceeds of 14,404,128. After deducting the underwriting commission and expenses, we received net proceeds of approximately 12,684,739.
We used to the proceeds of the offering to pay off certain debt and plan to use the remaining net proceeds for working capital and general
corporate purposes. 

38 

The series A warrants are exercisable until the
fifth anniversary of the issuance date at an exercise price equal to 7.00 per share and may be exercised on a cashless basis if the
issuance of common stock upon exercise of the warrants is not covered by an effective registration statement. The exercise price and
number of shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the series A warrants may be adjusted in certain circumstances, including
in the event of a stock dividend, extraordinary dividend on or recapitalization, reorganization, merger, or consolidation. 

The series B warrants are exercisable until the
fifth anniversary of the issuance date at an exercise price equal to 10.00 per share and may be exercised on a cashless basis, whereby
the holder will receive one share of common stock for each series B warrant exercised. As of December 31, 2022, 1,439,230 of the series
B warrants were exercised on a cashless basis and we issued 1,439,230 shares of common stock upon such exercise. 

Private Placement of Series A Convertible
Preferred Stock 

On July 1, 2021, we completed a private placement
in which we sold an aggregate of 6,000 shares of series A convertible preferred stock and warrants for the purchase of an aggregate of
8,999,552 shares of common stock to certain investors for gross proceeds of 6,000,000. On August 18, 2021, we completed an additional
closing of this private placement in which we sold 2,000 shares of series A convertible preferred stock and warrants for the purchase
of 2,999,852 shares of common stock for gross proceeds of 2,000,000. 

During the first quarter of 2022, the holders
converted an aggregate of 7,000 shares of series A convertible preferred stock into 10,499,469 shares of common stock. 

Outstanding Debt 

Original Issue Discount Subordinated Debentures 

In June 2022, we commenced an offering of original
issue discount subordinated debentures. As of December 31, 2022, we have completed four closings of this offering and issued debentures
in the aggregate principal amount of 3,911,770. The debentures contain an original issue discount of 15 , or an aggregate original issue
discount of 586,770. As a result, the total purchase price was 3,325,000. The debentures bear interest at a rate of 17.5 per annum.
The outstanding principal amount and all accrued interest is due and payable on the earlier of (i) the completion of our next equity
financing in which we receive gross proceeds in excess of 20 million, (ii) twenty-four months after the date of issuance or (iii) within
30 days after election of repayment from the holder so long as the election is after the 6-month anniversary of the debenture. We may
voluntarily prepay the debentures in whole or in part without premium or penalty. The debentures contain customary events of default
for a loan of this type. The debentures are unsecured and are subordinated in right of payment to the prior payment in full of all senior
indebtedness and are pari passu in right of payment to any other unsecured indebtedness incurred by us in favor of any
third party. As of December 31, 2022, the outstanding principal balance of the debentures was 3,911,770 and debt issuance cost was 459,075. 

Original Issue Discount Secured Subordinated
Note 

On July 29, 2022, we entered into a securities
purchase agreement with an accredited investor, pursuant to which we sold an original issue discount secured subordinated note in the
principal amount of 2,272,727 to such investor. The note contains an original issue discount of 12 , or an original issue discount of
 272,727. As a result, the total purchase price was 2,000,000, the proceeds of which were used to fund the acquisition of Ceautamed.
The note shall bear interest at the rate of 16 per annum and matures on July 29, 2027. The outstanding principal and all accrued interest
shall be amortized on a 60-month straight-line basis and payable in accordance with the amortization schedule set forth on Exhibit A
to the note. We may prepay the principal and all accrued and unpaid interest on the note without penalty, in whole or in part; provided
however, in no event before January 15, 2023, unless with the explicit prior written approval of the holder. The note contains customary
events of default for a loan of this type. The note is guaranteed by BSNM, DSO, Nexus, GSP and Ceautamed and is secured by a security
interest in all of the assets of our company and such guarantors; provided that such security interest is subordinate to the rights of
the lenders under any senior indebtedness (as defined in the note). As of December 31, 2022, the outstanding principal balance of the
note was 2,242,853 and debt issuance cost was 250,025. 

Acquisition Notes 

On July 1, 2021, we issued a 6 secured subordinated
promissory note in the principal amount of 3,000,000 to Sasson E. Moulavi in connection with the acquisition of DSO. This note accrues
interest at 6 per annum with the outstanding principal and interest amortized on a straight-line basis and payable quarterly in accordance
with the amortization schedule attached to the note, with all amounts due and payable on July 1, 2024. On November 29, 2022, we entered
into a letter agreement with Sasson E. Moulavi to amend the terms of the note. Pursuant to the letter agreement, the parties agreed to
amend and restate the note to amend the amortization schedule attached thereto, with the first payment deferred until February 15, 2023
and all amounts due and payable on August 15, 2024. In exchange for the agreement of Dr. Moulavi to enter into the letter agreement,
we agreed to (i) issue to Dr. Moulavi 100,000 shares of common stock under our 2022 Equity Incentive Plan and (ii) pay to Dr. Moulavi
a fee of 50,000 in cash, which shall be paid upon completion of our anticipated debt financing. We may prepay all or any portion of
this note any time prior to maturity without premium or penalty. This note contains customary covenants and events of default for a loan
of this type, including if a default occurs under any senior secured indebtedness to banks and other financial institutions or private
equity funds, and is secured by a security interest in all of the assets of DSO; provided that such security interest is subordinate
to the rights of the lenders under any such senior secured indebtedness. As of December 31, 2022, the outstanding principal balance of
this note was 3,050,000. 

39 

On November 8, 2021, we issued a 5 secured subordinated
promissory note in the principal amount of 1,900,000 to Justin Francisco and Steven Rubert in connection with the acquisition of Nexus.
This note accrues interest at 5 per annum and the outstanding principal and interest will be amortized on a straight-line basis and
are payable quarterly in accordance with the amortization schedule attached to the note, with all amounts due and payable on November
8, 2024. We may prepay all or any portion of this note any time prior to maturity without premium or penalty. The note contains customary
covenants and events of default for a loan of this type, including if a default occurs under any senior secured indebtedness to banks
and other financial institutions or private equity funds, and is secured by a security interest in all of our assets; provided that such
security interest is subordinate to the rights of the lenders under any such senior secured indebtedness. As of December 31, 2022, the
outstanding principal balance of this note was 1,900,000. 

On July 29, 2022, we issued secured subordinated
convertible promissory notes in the aggregate principal amount of 2,150,000 in connection with the acquisition of Ceautamed. The notes
shall bear interest at the rate of 5 per annum with all principal and accrued interest being due and payable in one lump sum on July
29, 2025; provided that upon an event of default (as defined in the notes), such interest rate shall increase to 10 . The notes are convertible
at the option of the holder into common stock at a conversion price of 6.25; provided that the holder may not elect to convert a portion
of the outstanding principal in an amount less than the lesser of 200,000 or the remaining outstanding principal. The notes contain
customary covenants and events of default for loans of this type, including upon any default under the senior indebtedness (as defined
in the notes). The notes are guaranteed by Ceautamed and its subsidiaries and are secured by a security interest in all of the assets
of such guarantors; provided that such security interest is subordinate to the rights of the lenders under any such senior indebtedness.
As of December 31, 2022, the outstanding principal balance of these notes was 2,150,000. 

On July 29, 2022, we issued secured subordinated
promissory notes in the aggregate principal amount of 2,150,000 in connection with the acquisition of Ceautamed. The notes shall bear
interest at the rate of 5 per annum and mature on July 29, 2025; provided that upon an event of default (as defined in the notes), such
interest rate shall increase to 10 . The outstanding principal and all accrued interest shall be amortized on a five-year straight-line
basis and payable in accordance with the amortization schedule set forth on Exhibit A to the notes. We may redeem all or any portion
of the notes at any time without premium or penalty. The notes contain customary covenants and events of default for loans of this type,
including upon any default under the senior indebtedness (as defined in the notes). The notes are guaranteed by Ceautamed and its subsidiaries
and are secured by a security interest in all of the assets of such guarantors; provided that such security interest is subordinate to
the rights of the lenders under any such senior indebtedness. As of December 31, 2022, the outstanding principal balance of these notes
was 2,150,000. 

On July 29, 2022, we issued secured subordinated
promissory notes in the aggregate principal amount of 1,300,000 in connection with the acquisition of Ceautamed. The notes bore interest
at the rate of 5 per annum with all principal and accrued interest being due and payable in one lump sum ninety (90) days from the date
of the note; provided that upon an event of default (as defined in the notes), such interest rate shall increase to 10 . On November
28, 2022, we entered into letter agreements with the holders of most of the notes to amend the terms of these notes. Pursuant to letter
agreements, the parties agreed to extend the maturity date to June 1, 2023 and agreed to a seven month payment schedule, with the first
payment due December 1, 2022. The parties also agreed to increase the default interest rate from 10 to 15 . We also agreed that if an
event of default (as defined in the notes) has occurred and is continuing, then we shall not create any senior indebtedness (as defined
in the notes) without the consent of the holders of a majority of the principal amount of the notes. In exchange for the agreement of
the holders to enter into the letter agreements, we agreed to pay certain amendment fees as more particularly described in the letter
agreements. We are in the process of negotiating a similar extension of one remining note in the principal amount of 100,000. We may
redeem all or any portion of the notes at any time without premium or penalty. The notes contain customary covenants and events of default
for loans of this type, including upon any default under the senior indebtedness (as defined in the notes). The notes are guaranteed
by Ceautamed and its subsidiaries and are secured by a security interest in all of the assets of such guarantors; provided that such
security interest is subordinate to the rights of the lenders under any such senior indebtedness. As of December 31, 2022, the outstanding
principal balance of these notes was 1,100,000. 

40 

Promissory Notes 

On July 1, 2021, we entered into a loan agreement
with Diamond Creek Capital, LLC for a term loan in the principal amount of up to 3,000,000. The loan bears interest at a rate of 15.0 
per annum, provided that upon an event of default, such rate shall increase by 5 . The loan was due and payable on the earlier of July
1, 2022 or upon completion of the initial public offering. We repaid 1,325,000 of the principal balance and 27,604 of the interest
from the proceeds of the initial public offering. In connection with such repayment, the lender agreed that the remaining loan is due
and payable on July 1, 2023. The loan is secured by all of our assets and contains customary events of default. As of December 31, 2022,
the outstanding principal balance of this note was 1,125,000. 

Since inception, we have issued other promissory
notes to various lenders. These notes accrued interest at rates between 12-17 . These notes were unsecured and contain customary events
of default. As of December 31, 2021, the outstanding principal balance of these notes was 5,993,720. These notes were repaid in full
upon closing of the initial public offering in February 2022, with the exception of a note which has an outstanding balance of 200,000
at December 31, 2022. This note accrues interest at 12 and is due and payable on April 1, 2023. 

On November 2, 2022, we issued a promissory note
in the principal amount of 50,000. This note bears interest at a rate of 12 and is due on demand. At December 31, 2022, the outstanding
amount was 20,000. 

On December 6, 2022, we issued a promissory note
in the principal amount of 30,000. This note bears interest at a rate of 12 and is due on demand. At December 31, 2022, the outstanding
amount was 30,000. 

On December 21, 2022, we issued a promissory
note in the principal amount of 100,000. This note bears interest at a rate of 12 and is due on demand. At December 31, 2022, the outstanding
amount was 100,000. 

Cash Advances 

In June 2022, we entered into a cash advance
agreement for 341,150 with a required repayment amount of 490,000, which requires weekly payments of approximately 19,738. At December
31, 2022, the outstanding amount was 67,624. 

In July 2022, we entered into a cash advance
agreement for 650,000 with a required repayment amount of 897,750, which requires weekly payments of approximately 40,806. At December
31, 2022, the outstanding amount was 474,690. 

In August 2022, we entered into a cash advance
agreement for 100,000 with a required repayment amount of 146,260, which requires weekly payments of approximately 6,200. At December
31, 2022, the outstanding amount was 35,460. 

In September 2022, we entered into a cash advance
agreement for 243,750 with a required repayment amount of 372,500, which requires weekly payments of approximately 15,000. At December
31, 2022, the outstanding amount was 272,500. 

In October 2022, we entered into cash advance
agreements for 250,000 with a required repayment amount of 303,000. At December 31, 2022, the outstanding amount was 258,000. 

In November 2022, we entered into cash advance
agreements for 592,236 with a required repayment amount of 994,460, which requires weekly payments of approximately 52,422. At December
31, 2022, the outstanding amount was 608,122. 

In November 2022, we entered into a cash advance
agreement for 379,585 which included 110,986 in cash and a refinance of a prior advance of 283,264, with a required repayment amount
of 622,085, which requires weekly payments of approximately 34,560. At December 31, 2022, the outstanding amount was 312,991. 

In December 2022, we entered into cash advance
agreements for 293,000 with a required repayment amount of 439,207, which requires weekly payments of approximately 39,905. At December
31, 2022, the outstanding amount was 323,853. 

41 

Revolving Lines of Credit 

In 2021, DSO entered into two revolving lines
of credit with a bank, which permitted borrowings up to 1,176,000, and bears interest at 8.99 and 7.99 . As of December 31, 2022, the
outstanding principal balance of this lines of credit was 670,096. 

In August 2022, Ceautamed entered into a revolving
line of credit with a bank, which permitted borrowing up to 60,000, and bears interest at 45.09 . As of December 31, 2022, the outstanding
principal balance of this line of credit was 45,703. 

In September 2022, DSO entered into a revolving
line of credit with a bank, which permitted borrowings up to 70,000, and bears interest at 9.49 . As of December 31, 2022, the outstanding
principal balance of this lines of credit was 59,253. 

Equipment Financing Loan 

In May 2022, we entered into an equipment financing
loan for 146,765 used for the purchase of equipment within BSNM s operations. The loan bears interest at 10.18 and matures on
April 1, 2027. At December 31, 2022, the outstanding amount was 133,211. 

In August 2022, we entered into an equipment
financing loan for 35,050 used for the purchase of equipment within BSNM s operations. The loan bears interest at 10.18 and matures
on August 1, 2027. At December 31, 2022, the outstanding amount was 33,433. 

In July 2022, we entered into an equipment financing
loan for 8,463 used for the purchase of equipment within Ceautamed s operations. At December 31, 2022, the outstanding amount
was 7,181. 

EIDL Loan 

In June 2020, pursuant to the economic injury
disaster loan, or EIDL, program under the under the provisions of the Coronavirus Aid, Relief and Economic Security Act, or the CARES
Act, we entered into a promissory note with the U.S. Small Business Administration, or the SBA, with a principal amount of 300,000.
This loan matures in 30 years and bears interest at a rate of 3.75 . The loan is secured by all of our assets. As of December 31, 2022,
the outstanding principal balance of this loan was 300,000. 

PPP Loans 

In February 2021, we received an additional 261,164
in PPP loans under the CARES Act. This loan bears interest at a rate of 1 per annum and matures in April 2025. In June 2022, 63,707
was forgiven under the provision of the CARES Act. As of December 31, 2022, the outstanding balance of this loan was 197,457. 

Contractual Obligations 

Our principal commitments consist mostly of obligations
under the loans described above, the operating leases described under Item 2 Properties and pricing/margin structures
for products established with our clients. We do not have any purchase obligations with any suppliers. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 

We have no off-balance sheet arrangements that
have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial condition, changes in financial condition, revenues
or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources. 

Critical Accounting Policies 

The following discussion relates to critical
accounting policies for our company. The preparation of financial statements in conformity with United States generally accepted accounting
principles, or GAAP, requires our management to make assumptions, estimates and judgments that affect the amounts reported, including
the notes thereto, and related disclosures of commitments and contingencies, if any. We have identified certain accounting policies that
are significant to the preparation of our financial statements. These accounting policies are important for an understanding of our financial
condition and results of operation. Critical accounting policies are those that are most important to the portrayal of our financial
condition and results of operations and require management s difficult, subjective, or complex judgment, often as a result of the
need to make estimates about the effect of matters that are inherently uncertain and may change in subsequent periods. Certain accounting
estimates are particularly sensitive because of their significance to financial statements and because of the possibility that future
events affecting the estimate may differ significantly from management s current judgments. We believe the following critical accounting
policies involve the most significant estimates and judgments used in the preparation of our financial statements: 

42 

Revenue Recognition . We evaluate
and recognize revenue by: identifying the contract(s) with the customer; identifying the performance obligations in the contract; determining
the transaction price; allocating the transaction price to performance obligations in the contract; and recognizing revenue as each performance
obligation is satisfied through the transfer of a promised good or service to a customer (i.e., transfer of control ). 

Products (BSNM, DSO, GSP and Ceautamed) 

We primarily generate product revenues by manufacturing
and packaging of nutraceutical products as a contract manufacturer for our customers. The majority of our revenue is recognized when
we satisfy a single performance obligation by transferring control of products to a customer. Control is generally transferred when our
products are either shipped or delivered based on the terms contained within the underlying contracts or agreements. Our general payment
terms are short-term in duration. We do not have significant financing components or payment terms. We did not have any material unsatisfied
performance obligations at December 31, 2022 or 2021. 

Distribution expenses to transport our products,
where applicable, and warehousing expense after manufacture are accounted for within operating expenses. 

Advertising/Marketing (Nexus) 

Nexus generates advertising revenues when sales
of listed products are sold by product vendors through its network as a result of the marketing efforts of digital marketers. The products
on the network come from several different customers, which pay Nexus a specific amount per sale, the amount of which is dictated by
the customer. The revenue is recognized upon the sale of a product by the customer, net of fraudulent traffic or disputed transactions.
A portion of the specific amount received by Nexus for that sale is paid out to the digital marketer as a commission, which is recorded
in cost of sales. To illustrate the revenue process, a digital marketer logs onto the platform and selects an offer to promote for the
day. The platform generates a unique link which the digital marketer distributes either via email or a banner ad. As the link is distributed
to the consumer via the marketing efforts of the digital marketer, the consumer visits that link to make a purchase from the customer s
website, and when such purchase is complete, revenue is recognized by Nexus and the sale is credited to the digital marketer s
Nexus account. The benefit to the digital marketer operating on Nexus network is that the digital marketer receives a commission
without the possibility of a claw back or refund. The customer benefits through increased sales of its products as a result of the marketing
efforts of the digital marketers. Nexus platform acts as the transaction ledger, keeping track of clicks, sales and commissions. 

Nexus general payment terms are short-term
in duration. Insertion orders are utilized between Nexus and the customer for each campaign related to a particular product being marketed.
The insertion order remains in effect until the customer or Nexus terminates the order, and either party may terminate the order at any
time upon 14 days written notice. The customer is billed weekly for the sales digital marketers have generated for the week. Nexus
does not have significant financing components or payment terms. Nexus did not have any material unsatisfied performance obligations
at December 31, 2022 or 2021. 

Inventory, net . Inventory consists
of raw materials, packaging materials, and finished goods and is valued at the lower of cost (first-in, first-out) (replacement cost
or net realizable value). An allowance for inventory obsolescence is provided for slow moving or obsolete inventory to write down historical
cost to net realizable value. We primarily perform manufacturing for functional foods and nutraceuticals in the form of bars, cookies,
powders, tablets and capsules. The allowance for obsolescence is an estimate established through charges to cost of goods sold. Management s
judgment in determining the adequacy of the allowance is based upon several factors which include, but are not limited to, analysis of
slow-moving inventory, analysis of the selling price of inventory, the predetermined shelf life of the product, and management s
judgment with respect to current economic conditions. Given the nature of the inventory, it is reasonably possible our estimate of the
allowance for obsolescence will change in the near term. 

Property and Equipment . Property
and equipment are recorded at cost. Expenditures for major betterments and additions are charged to the asset accounts, while replacements,
maintenance and repairs which do not improve or extend the lives of the respective assets are charged to expense as incurred. We provide
for depreciation and amortization over the estimated useful lives of various assets using the straight-line method ranging from 3-15
years. 

43 

Intangible Assets . In
accordance with ASC Topic 350, Intangibles Goodwill and Other, we review intangible assets at least annually
for impairment. In connection with any such review, if the recorded value of intangible assets is greater than its fair value, they
are written down and charged to results of operations. Intangible assets (excluding goodwill) are assessed at each reporting date
for indications that an asset may be impaired. If any such indication exists, or when annual impairment testing for an asset is
required, we make an estimate of the asset s recoverable amount. The asset s recoverable amount is the higher of an
asset s or cash-generating unit s fair value less costs of disposal and its value in use and is determined for an
individual asset, unless the asset does not generate cash inflows that are largely independent of those from other assets or groups
of assets. Where the carrying amount of an asset or a group of assets exceeds its recoverable amount, the asset is considered
impaired and is written down to its recoverable amount. In assessing value in use, the estimated future cash flows are discounted to
their present value using a pre-tax discount rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks
specific to the asset or the group of assets. Intangible assets and goodwill consist of customer relationships, non-compete
agreements, license agreements, goodwill, and intellectual property acquired in the acquisitions of BSNM, DSO, Nexus, GSP and
Ceautamed. We amortize intangible assets with finite lives on a straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives which ranges
from 3 to 15 years. 

Goodwill . We allocate goodwill
to reporting units based on the reporting unit expected to benefit from the business combination. We evaluate our reporting units on
an annual basis and, if necessary, reassign goodwill using a relative fair value allocation approach. Goodwill is tested for
impairment at the reporting unit level (operating segment or one level below an operating segment) on an annual basis and between
annual tests if an event occurs or circumstances change that would more likely than not reduce the fair value of a reporting unit
below its carrying value. These events or circumstances could include a significant change in the business climate, legal factors,
operating performance indicators, competition, or sale or disposition of a significant portion of a reporting unit. In accordance
with ASC Topic 350, Intangibles Goodwill and Other, we review intangible assets at least annually for
impairment. In connection with any such review, if the recorded value of intangible assets is greater than its fair value, they are
written down and charged to results of operations. Application of the goodwill impairment test requires judgment, including the
identification of reporting units, assignment of assets and liabilities to reporting units, assignment of goodwill to reporting
units, and determination of the fair value of each reporting unit. The fair value of each reporting unit is estimated primarily
through the use of a discounted cash flow methodology. This analysis requires significant judgments, including estimation of future
cash flows, which is dependent on internal forecasts, estimation of the long-term rate of growth for our business, estimation of the
useful life over which cash flows will occur, and determination of our weighted average cost of capital. The estimates used to
calculate the fair value of a reporting unit change from year to year based on operating results, market conditions, and other
factors. Changes in these estimates and assumptions could materially affect the determination of fair value and goodwill impairment
for each reporting unit. In connection with the acquisition of DSO on July 1, 2021, we recognized goodwill which had a balance of 1,342,000
as of December 31, 2022. 

Long-Lived Assets . We assess potential
impairments to long-lived assets when there is evidence that events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of
an asset may not be recovered. An impairment loss is recognized when the undiscounted cash flows expected to be generated by an asset
(or group of assets) is less than its carrying amount. Any required impairment loss is measured as the amount by which the asset s
carrying value exceeds its fair value and is recorded as a reduction in the carrying value of the related asset and a charge to operating
results. We had no impairment of long-lived assets at December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Lease Right-of-Use Asset . We record
a right-of-use asset and lease liability on the balance sheet for all leases with terms longer than 12 months. Leases are classified
either as finance or operating with the classification affecting the pattern of expense recognition. Lease liabilities are recognized
based on the present value of the remaining lease payments and are discounted using the most reasonable incremental borrowing rate. We
use the implicit rate when it is readily determinable. Since our lease does not provide an implicit rate, to determine the present value
of lease payments, management uses our incremental borrowing rate based on the information available at lease commencement. Leases with
a term of 12 months or less at inception are not recorded on our balance sheet and are expensed on a straight- line basis over the lease
term. 

Stock-based Compensation . We recognize
expense for stock options and warrants granted over the vesting period based on the fair value of the award at the grant date, are valued
using a Black-Scholes option pricing model to determine the fair market value of the stock options. We calculate the amount of tax benefit
available by tracking each stock option award on an employee-by-employee basis and on a grant-by-grant basis. We then compare the recorded
expense to the tax deduction received for each stock option grant. 

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK. 

Not applicable. 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA. 

The full text of our audited consolidated financial statements begins
on page F-1 of this annual report. 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE. 

None. 

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES. 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

We maintain disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Exchange Act). Disclosure controls and procedures refer to controls and other procedures designed
to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the reports we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized
and reported within the time periods specified in the rules and forms of the SEC and that such information is accumulated and communicated
to our management, including our chief executive officer and chief financial officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding
required disclosure. 

44 

As required by Rule 13a-15(e) of the Exchange
Act, our management has carried out an evaluation, with the participation and under the supervision of our chief executive officer and
chief financial officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures, as of December 31,
2022. Based upon, and as of the date of this evaluation, our chief executive officer and chief financial officer determined that our
disclosure controls and procedures were effective. 

Management s Annual Report on Internal
Control over Financial Reporting 

Our management is responsible for establishing
and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting for our company. Internal control over financial reporting refers
to the process designed by, or under the supervision of, our principal executive officer and principal financial and accounting officer,
and effected by our board of directors, management and other personnel, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of
our financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with GAAP, and includes those
policies and procedures that: 

(1) pertain to the maintenance of records that in reasonable
detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of our assets; 

(2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded
as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP, and that our receipts and expenditures are being
made only in accordance with the authorization of our management and directors; and 

(3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely
detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

Our management evaluated the effectiveness of
our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. In making this evaluation, management used the framework established
in Internal Control - Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission, or COSO. The
COSO framework summarizes each of the components of a company s internal control system, including (i) the control environment,
(ii) risk assessment, (iii) control activities, (iv) information and communication, and (v) monitoring. Based on our evaluation, we determined
that, as of December 31, 2022, our internal control over financial reporting was effective. 

All internal control systems, no matter how well
designed, have inherent limitations. Therefore, even those systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance with
respect to financial statement preparation and presentation. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are
subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies
or procedures may deteriorate. 

Changes in Internal Controls over Financial
Reporting 

We regularly review our system of internal control
over financial reporting and make changes to our processes and systems to improve controls and increase efficiency, while ensuring that
we maintain an effective internal control environment. Changes may include such activities as implementing new, more efficient systems,
consolidating activities, and migrating processes. 

There have been no changes in our internal control
over financial reporting during the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2022 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially
affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION. 

None. 

ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS. 

Not applicable. 

45 

PART III 

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE. 

Directors and Executive Officers 

Set forth below is information regarding our
directors and executive officers as of the date of this report. 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position 
 
 Alfonso J. Cervantes, Jr. 
 
 73 
 
 Executive Chairman of the
 Board 
 
 Darren C. Minton 
 
 40 
 
 Chief Executive Officer,
 President and Director 
 
 Alan B. Bergman 
 
 54 
 
 Chief Financial Officer

Robert S. Rein 
 
 78 
 
 Director 
 
 Arthur S. Reynolds 
 
 78 
 
 Director 
 
 Roger Conley Wood 
 
 55 
 
 Director 

Alfonso J. Cervantes, Jr. Mr. Cervantes
is the founder of our company and has served as our Executive Chairman since our inception. Mr. Cervantes is also Executive Chairman
of Trilogy Capital Group, LLC, or Trilogy, a private equity firm and a principal stockholder, and served as Chairman and Chief Executive
Officer of its predecessor, Trilogy Capital Partners, Inc. since 2002. Through more than 35 years as an executive in diversified businesses,
Mr. Cervantes has accumulated extensive experience in the public markets with experience in corporate finance and emerging growth companies.
His significant corporate finance experience includes mergers and acquisitions, initial public offerings, private placements as well
as the reorganization of middle-market companies. Prior to joining us, Mr. Cervantes was the founder and Vice Chairman of Staffing 360
Solutions, Inc., from 2012 to 2015, where he facilitated, in association with Mr. Minton, multiple acquisitions and drove the company
from pure startup to over 100 million in revenues in approximately two years. Mr. Cervantes is a graduate of Webster University with
a degree in Communications. We believe Mr. Cervantes is qualified to serve on our board of directors due to his extensive corporate finance
experience and knowledge of our company. 

Darren C. Minton . Mr. Minton has
served as our Chief Executive Officer since April 2022, President since September 2017 and as a member of our board of directors since
November 2018. Mr. Minton has more than 15 years of capital markets experience in both small and large organizations. Over the years,
his capacities have ranged from various executive positions, as well as president and chief executive officer positions with entrepreneurial
ventures to established roles reporting to public company boards, with significant leadership and team building skills. Prior to joining
us, Mr. Minton was a co-founder and Executive Vice President at Staffing 360 Solutions, Inc., from 2012 to 2017, where he facilitated
the company s alternative public offering and listing on Nasdaq. He previously served as President of Trilogy Capital Partners,
Inc. and as an Analyst at Mesa West Capital, a privately held portfolio lender with a multi-billion dollar offering capability headquartered
in Los Angeles, as well as First Republic Bank in Palo Alto. Mr. Minton is a graduate of Stanford University with a degree in Economics.
We believe Mr. Minton is qualified to serve on our board of directors due to his extensive management and capital markets experience. 

Alan B. Bergman . Mr. Bergman has
served as our Chief Financial Officer since January 2021. Mr. Bergman s expertise includes corporate financial management, mergers
and acquisitions, corporate reorganizations, cost reduction and avoidance, financial analysis and reporting, IPO management, contract
negotiations, ISO 9000 Quality Systems and SEC reporting and compliance. Prior to joining us, he served as Chief Financial Officer, Vice
President Finance at Bright Mountain Media, Inc. from June 2019 to December 2020. Prior to that, he served as Vice President Finance
at Greenlane Holdings, Inc., from December 2018 to May 2019. He previously served as Controller for Woodfield Distribution from October
2013 to February 2018 and as Vice President Finance at Latitude Solutions from May 2011 to March 2013. Mr. Bergman commenced his career
in 2000 with Deloitte as a Senior Auditor and subsequently as Audit Manager at Mallah Furman, P.A. and as Senior Auditor at Weinberg
 Company, P.A. In addition, Mr. Bergman has been an Adjunct Professor of Accounting at Florida Atlantic University and Millennia
Atlantic University. Mr. Bergman received his Master s in Accounting from University of Miami. 

Robert S. Rein . Mr. Rein has been
a member of our board of directors since February 2022. Mr. Rein is an attorney and has been practicing law in California since 1971.
Since 2008, Mr. Rein has been a Partner in Rein Associates, a law firm representing businesses and individuals with respect to
all aspects of business transactions and matters. His practice primarily consists of handling business, corporate and real estate matters;
tax issues; and business and estate planning. Mr. Rein s experience includes business acquisitions and sales, reorganizations,
financings, business and tax planning, and business counselling. His firm has represented both public and private entities. Prior to
the formation of Rein Associates, Mr. Rein was a partner in predecessors to Rein Associates since 1975. Mr. Rein obtained
his B.A. in Economics from Brandeis University and his J.D. from Harvard Law School. Upon graduating law school, Mr. Rein clerked for
Judge Milton Conford, the then senior judge of the New Jersey Superior Court, Appellate Division. Mr. Rein is currently the CEO and a
member of the board of directors of R Solutions, Inc., a corporation involved in the furniture and other corporate fulfilment business,
and Racada Corp., a real estate investment company. We believe that Mr. Rein is well qualified to serve on our board of directors due
to his extensive legal and business experience. 

46 

Arthur S. Reynolds . Mr. Reynolds
has been a member of our board of directors since October 2022. Mr. Reynolds is an accomplished international financier bringing more
than 35 years of capital markets and financial experience providing cross-border financial consulting services in Europe for clients
principally located in the United States. He is the founder of Rexon Limited of London and New York where, since 1999, he has served
as managing director. Mr. Reynolds was founder and, from 1997 to 1999, managing partner of London-based Value Management Research
(UK) Limited. Mr. Reynolds was the founder and, from 1982 to 1997, served as managing director of Ferghana Financial Services Limited.
Prior thereto, Mr. Reynolds held executive positions at Merrill Lynch International Bank Limited, Banque de la Soci t 
Financi re Europ ene, J.P. Morgan Company and Mobil Corporation. Between 2006 and 2016, Mr. Reynolds served on the
Board of Directors of ThermoEnergy Corporation, first as Chairman of the Audit Committee, subsequently as Chief Financial Officer, and
finally as Chairman. Mr. Reynolds is a member of the Board of the International Festival Society and serves as Chairman of the Elgar
Society s North America Branch. Mr. Reynolds holds an B.A. from Columbia University, a M.A. from Cambridge University, and an M.B.A.
in Finance from New York University. Mr. Reynolds brings to the board extensive financial and executive experience across multiple sectors,
with special strength in the international arena. 

Roger Conley Wood . Mr. Wood has
been a member of our board of directors since February 2022. Mr. Wood is a seasoned executive with over 25 years of experience
serving in C-level positions with various technology and consumer product businesses. He is currently Chairman of Conley Holdings, a
private family company with interests in Homebuilding, Fashion, Training Education, Pet Care, Media Entertainment and Personal
Care sectors. He served as the Chief Executive Officer and Managing Partner of Blue Bear Brands, a marketing consultancy specializing
in predicative analytics and machine learning, from 2014 to 2020. He previously held senior management positions with Hearst Corporation,
Orca Payments, Amobee Media, Willis Group, Reebok International, Omnipoint Voicestream and Motorola. He has served on the board of directors
of numerous private companies and the board of trustees for the Wardlaw-Hartridge School, Global Alumni Board of Harvard Business School,
Junior Achievement and the British American Business Council. Mr. Wood obtained his B.A. in Marketing and Statistics from Morehouse
College and his Master s in Business Administration from Harvard University. We believe Mr. Wood is qualified to serve on
our board of directors due to his extensive management and prior board experience. 

Our directors currently have terms which will
end at our next annual meeting of the stockholders or until their successors are elected and qualify, subject to their prior death, resignation
or removal. Officers serve at the discretion of the board of directors. There is no arrangement or understanding between any director
or executive officer and any other person pursuant to which he was or is to be selected as a director, nominee or officer. 

Family Relationships 

There are no family relationships among any of
our officers or directors. 

Involvement in Certain Legal Proceedings 

To the best of our knowledge, except as described
below, none of our directors or executive officers has, during the past ten years: 

been
 convicted in a criminal proceeding or been subject to a pending criminal proceeding (excluding
 traffic violations and other minor offences); 

had
 any bankruptcy petition filed by or against the business or property of the person, or of
 any partnership, corporation or business association of which he was a general partner or
 executive officer, either at the time of the bankruptcy filing or within two years prior
 to that time; 

been
 subject to any order, judgment, or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated,
 of any court of competent jurisdiction or federal or state authority, permanently or temporarily
 enjoining, barring, suspending or otherwise limiting, his involvement in any type of business,
 securities, futures, commodities, investment, banking, savings and loan, or insurance activities,
 or to be associated with persons engaged in any such activity; 

47 

been
 found by a court of competent jurisdiction in a civil action or by the Securities and Exchange
 Commission or the Commodity Futures Trading Commission to have violated a federal or state
 securities or commodities law, and the judgment has not been reversed, suspended, or vacated; 

been
 the subject of, or a party to, any federal or state judicial or administrative order, judgment,
 decree, or finding, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated (not including any settlement
 of a civil proceeding among private litigants), relating to an alleged violation of any federal
 or state securities or commodities law or regulation, any law or regulation respecting financial
 institutions or insurance companies including, but not limited to, a temporary or permanent
 injunction, order of disgorgement or restitution, civil money penalty or temporary or permanent
 cease-and-desist order, or removal or prohibition order, or any law or regulation prohibiting
 mail or wire fraud or fraud in connection with any business entity; or 

been
 the subject of, or a party to, any sanction or order, not subsequently reversed, suspended
 or vacated, of any self-regulatory organization (as defined in Section 3(a)(26) of the Exchange
 Act (15 U.S.C. 78c(a)(26))), any registered entity (as defined in Section 1(a)(29) of the
 Commodity Exchange Act (7 U.S.C. 1(a)(29))), or any equivalent exchange, association, entity
 or organization that has disciplinary authority over its members or persons associated with
 a member. 

Corporate Governance 

Governance Structure 

We chose to appoint a separate Chairman of the
Board who is not our Chief Executive Officer. Our board of directors has made this decision based on their belief that a separate Chairman
of the Board can act as a balance to the Chief Executive Officer, who also serves as a non-independent director. 

The Board s Role in Risk Oversight 

The board of directors oversees that the assets
of our company are properly safeguarded, that the appropriate financial and other controls are maintained, and that our business is conducted
wisely and in compliance with applicable laws and regulations and proper governance. Included in these responsibilities is the board s
oversight of the various risks facing our company. In this regard, our board seeks to understand and oversee critical business risks.
Our board does not view risk in isolation. Risks are considered in virtually every business decision and as part of our business strategy.
Our board recognizes that it is neither possible nor prudent to eliminate all risk. Indeed, purposeful and appropriate risk-taking is
essential for our company to be competitive on a global basis and to achieve its objectives. 

While the board oversees risk management, company
management is charged with managing risk. Management communicates routinely with the board and individual directors on the significant
risks identified and how they are being managed. Directors are free to, and indeed often do, communicate directly with senior management. 

Our board administers its risk oversight function
as a whole by making risk oversight a matter of collective consideration; however, much of the work is delegated to committees, which
will meet regularly and report back to the full board. The audit committee oversees risks related to our financial statements, the financial
reporting process, accounting and legal matters, the compensation committee evaluates the risks and rewards associated with our compensation
philosophy and programs, and that the nominating and corporate governance committee evaluates risk associated with management decisions
and strategic direction. 

Independent Directors 

Our board of directors has determined that all
of our directors, other than Messrs. Cervantes and Minton, qualify as independent directors in accordance with the
rules and regulations of Nasdaq. Messrs. Cervantes and Minton are not considered independent because they are employees of our company
and/or its subsidiaries. In making its independence determinations, the board considered, among other things, relevant transactions between
our company and entities associated with the independent directors, as described under the heading Item 13 Certain Relationships
and Related Party Transactions, and Director Independence , and determined that none have any relationship with our company
or other relationships that would impair the directors independence. 

48 

Committees of the Board of Directors 

Our board has established an audit committee,
a compensation committee and a nominating and corporate governance committee, each with its own charter approved by the board. Each committee s
charter available on our website at www.smartforlifecorp.com. In addition, our board of directors may, from time to time, designate one
or more additional committees, which shall have the duties and powers granted to it by our board of directors. 

Audit Committee 

Robert S. Rein, Arthur S. Reynolds and Roger
Conley Wood have been appointed to serve on our audit committee, with Mr. Arthur S. Reynolds serving as the chairman. Our board has determined
that each member of the audit committee is an independent director under Nasdaq s rules and under Rule 10A-3 under the Exchange
Act. All members of our audit committee meet the requirements for financial literacy under the applicable rules and regulations of the
SEC and Nasdaq. Our board has determined that Mr. Reynolds is an audit committee financial expert as defined by applicable
SEC rules and has the requisite financial sophistication as defined under the applicable Nasdaq rules and regulations. 

The audit committee oversees our accounting and
financial reporting processes and the audits of our consolidated financial statements. The audit committee is responsible for, among
other things: (i) retaining and overseeing our independent accountants; (ii) assisting the board in its oversight of the integrity of
our financial statements, the qualifications, independence and performance of our independent auditors and our compliance with legal
and regulatory requirements; (iii) reviewing and approving the plan and scope of the internal and external audit; (iv) pre-approving
any audit and non-audit services provided by our independent auditors; (v) approving the fees to be paid to our independent auditors;
(vi) reviewing with our chief executive officer and chief financial officer and independent auditors the adequacy and effectiveness of
our internal controls; (vii) reviewing and approving related party transactions; (viii) reviewing hedging transactions; and (ix) reviewing
and assessing annually the audit committee s performance and the adequacy of its charter. 

Compensation Committee 

Robert S. Rein, Arthur S. Reynolds and Roger
Conley Wood have been appointed to serve on our compensation committee, with Mr. Rein serving as the chairman. Our board has determined
that each member of the compensation committee is independent under the applicable rules and regulations of Nasdaq and is a non-employee
director as defined under Rule 16b-3 of the Exchange Act. 

The compensation committee assists the board
in reviewing and approving the compensation structure, including all forms of compensation, relating to our directors and executive officers.
The compensation committee is responsible for, among other things: (i) reviewing and approving the compensation of our executive officers;
(ii) evaluating and making recommendations to the board regarding the compensation of our independent directors; (iii) evaluating and
making recommendations to the board regarding equity-based and incentive compensation plans, policies and programs; and (iv) administering
all such equity-based and incentive compensation plans, policies and programs. 

Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee

Robert S. Rein, Arthur S. Reynolds and Roger
Conley Wood have been appointed to serve on our nominating and corporate governance committee, with Mr. Wood serving as the chairman.
Our board has determined that each member of the nominating and corporate governance committee is an independent director under the applicable
rules and regulations of Nasdaq. 

The nominating and corporate governance committee
assists the board in selecting individuals qualified to become directors and in determining the composition of the board and its committees.
The nominating and corporate governance committee is responsible for, among other things: (i) identifying and evaluating individuals
qualified to become members of the board by reviewing nominees for election to the board submitted by stockholders and recommending to
the board director nominees for each annual meeting of stockholders and for election to fill any vacancies on the board, (ii) advising
the board with respect to board organization, desired qualifications of board members, the membership, function, operation, structure
and composition of committees (including any committee authority to delegate to subcommittees), and self-evaluation and policies, (iii)
advising on matters relating to corporate governance and monitoring developments in the law and practice of corporate governance, and
(iv) overseeing compliance with our code of business conduct and ethics and conduct of our officers and directors. 

49 

The nominating and corporate governance committee s
methods for identifying candidates for election to the board (other than those proposed by our stockholders, as discussed below) will
include the solicitation of ideas for possible candidates from a number of sources - members of our board, our executives, individuals
personally known to the members of our board, and other research. The nominating and corporate governance committee may also, from time-to-time,
retain one or more third-party search firms to identify suitable candidates. 

In making director recommendations, the nominating
and corporate governance committee may consider some or all of the following factors: (i) the candidate s judgment, skill, experience
with other organizations of comparable purpose, complexity and size, and subject to similar legal restrictions and oversight; (ii) the
interplay of the candidate s experience with the experience of other board members; (iii) the extent to which the candidate would
be a desirable addition to the board and any committee thereof; (iv) whether or not the person has any relationships that might impair
his or her independence; and (v) the candidate s ability to contribute to the effective management of our company, taking into
account the needs of our company and such factors as the individual s experience, perspective, skills and knowledge of the industry
in which we operate. 

A stockholder may nominate one or more persons
for election as a director at an annual meeting of stockholders if the stockholder complies with the notice and information provisions
contained in our bylaws. Such notice must be in writing not less than 90 days and not more than 120 days prior to the anniversary
date of the preceding year s annual meeting of stockholders or as otherwise required by requirements of the Exchange Act. In addition,
stockholders furnishing such notice must be a holder of record on both (i) the date of delivering such notice and (ii) the
record date for the determination of stockholders entitled to vote at such meeting. 

Code of Ethics 

We have adopted a code of ethics that applies
to all of our directors, officers and employees, including our principal executive officer, principal financial officer and principal
accounting officer. Such code of ethics addresses, among other things, honesty and ethical conduct, conflicts of interest, compliance
with laws, regulations and policies, including disclosure requirements under the federal securities laws, and reporting of violations
of the code. 

We are required to disclose any amendment to,
or waiver from, a provision of our code of ethics applicable to our principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal
accounting officer, controller, or persons performing similar functions. We intend to use our website as a method of disseminating this
disclosure, as permitted by applicable SEC rules. Any such disclosure will be posted to our website within four (4) business days following
the date of any such amendment to, or waiver from, a provision of our code of ethics. 

Insider Trading Policy 

We have adopted an insider trading policy which
prohibits our directors, officers and employees from engaging in transactions in our common stock while in the possession of material
non-public information; engaging in transactions in the stock of other companies while in possession of material non-public information
that they become aware of in performing their duties; and disclosing material non-public information to unauthorized persons outside
our company. 

Our insider trading policy restricts trading
by directors, officers and certain key employees during blackout periods, which generally begin 15 calendar days before the end of each
fiscal quarter and end two business days after the issuance of our earnings release for the quarter. Additional blackout periods may
be imposed with or without notice, as the circumstances require. 

Our insider trading policy also prohibits our
directors, officers and employees from purchasing financial instruments (such as prepaid variable forward contracts, equity swaps, collars
and exchange funds) designed to hedge or offset any decrease in the market value of our common stock they hold, directly or indirectly.
In addition, directors, officers and employees are expressly prohibited from pledging our common stock to secure personal loans or other
obligations, including by holding their common stock in a margin account, unless such arrangement is specifically approved in advance
by the administrator of our insider trading policy, or making short-sale transactions in our common stock. 

Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting
Compliance 	 

Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act requires
our directors and executive officers, and persons who own more than 10 of a registered class of our equity securities, to file with
the SEC initial reports of ownership and reports of changes in ownership of common stock and other equity securities of the company.
Officers, directors and greater than 10 stockholders are required by SEC regulations to furnish us with copies of all Section 16(a)
forms they file. We believe, based solely on a review of the copies of such reports furnished to us and representations of these persons,
that all reports were timely filed for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

50 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION. 

Summary Compensation Table - Years Ended December 31, 2022 and
2021 

The following table sets forth information concerning
all cash and non-cash compensation awarded to, earned by or paid to the named persons for services rendered in all capacities during
the noted periods. No other executive officers received total annual salary and bonus compensation in excess of 100,000. 

Name and Principal Position 
 Year 
 Salary ) 
 Bonus ) 
 Stock Awards ) (1) 
 Option Awards ) (1) 
 All Other Compensation ) (2) 
 Total ) 
 
 Alfonso J. Cervantes, Jr., 
 2022 
 300,000 
 - 
 234,500 
 154,200 
 - 
 688,700 
 
 Executive Chairman 
 2021 
 216,667 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 216,667 
 
 Darren C. Minton, 
 2022 
 200,000 
 - 
 93,800 
 51,900 
 - 
 345,700 
 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 2021 
 175,000 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 175,000 
 
 Ryan F. Zackon, 
 2022 
 275,000 
 - 
 93,800 
 - 
 - 
 368,800 
 
 Former Chief Executive Officer (3) 
 2021 
 254,166 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 16,968 
 271,134 
 
 Alan Bergman, 
 2022 
 200,000 
 25,000 
 32,830 
 51,900 
 - 
 309,730 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 2021 
 175,000 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 175,000 

(1) The amount is equal to the aggregate grant-date fair value
with respect to the awards, computed in accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board Accounting Standards Codification Topic
718. 

(2) Other compensation includes automobile allowances. 

(3) Mr. Zackon served as our Chief Executive Officer from November
15, 2020 to April 30, 2022. 

Employment Agreements 

On July 1, 2020, we entered into an employment
agreement with Mr. Cervantes, our Executive Chairman. Pursuant to the employment agreement, Mr. Cervantes was entitled to an annual base
salary of 200,000, which was increased to 250,000 on July 1, 2021 and was increased to 300,000 on November 8, 2021. In addition, Mr.
Cervantes is eligible to receive a bonus of 100,000 for each bona fide acquisition that we complete. He will also be entitled to an
annual bonus of 20 of his base salary based on meeting company objectives and the remainder will be based on meeting mutually agreed
employee objections or as otherwise determined by the board. Mr. Cervantes is eligible to participate in all equity incentive plans and
other employee benefit plans, including health insurance, commensurate with his position. The term of Mr. Cervantes agreement
is five years, commencing July 1, 2020 and terminating June 30, 2025. His employment agreement is terminable on 30 days notice;
however, we may terminate Mr. Cervantes employment without notice for cause (as defined in the employment agreement). If we terminate
Mr. Cervantes employment without cause or due to a disability, he is entitled to twelve (12) months of severance pay equal to
the base salary of the current year, which will be paid on a bi-weekly schedule. The employment agreement contains standard confidentiality
provisions and restrictive covenants prohibiting Mr. Cervantes from owning or operating a business that competes with our company during
the term of his employment. 

On July 1, 2020, we entered into an employment
agreement with Mr. Minton, our Chief Executive Officer and President. Pursuant to the employment agreement, Mr. Minton was entitled to
an annual base salary of 200,000, which was increased to 250,000 on July 1, 2021. He will also be entitled to receive an annual bonus
of up to 20 of his base salary based on meeting mutually agreed objectives or as otherwise determined by the board. Mr. Minton is eligible
to participate in all equity incentive plans and other employee benefit plans, including health insurance, commensurate with his position. 
The term of Mr. Minton s agreement is three years, commencing July 1, 2020 and terminating June 30, 2023. His employment agreement
is terminable on 30 days notice; however, we may terminate Mr. Minton s employment without notice for cause (as defined
in the employment agreement). If we terminate Mr. Minton s employment without cause or due to a disability, he is entitled to six
(6) months of severance pay equal to the base salary of the current year, which will be paid on a bi-weekly schedule. The employment
agreement contains standard confidentiality provisions and restrictive covenants prohibiting Mr. Minton from owning or operating a business
that competes with our company during the term of his employment. 

On November 15, 2020, we entered into an employment
agreement with Mr. Zackon, our former Chief Executive Officer. Pursuant to the employment agreement, Mr. Zackon was entitled to an annual
base salary of 250,000, which was increased to 300,000 after the first year of employment. On May 4, 2022, we entered into a separation
agreement and release of claims with Mr. Zackon providing for the separation of his employment effective as of April 30, 2022. Under
the separation agreement, we agreed to pay Mr. Zackon a severance payment in the amount of 175,000, equal to seven months of his base
salary at his current level, less applicable statutory deductions and authorized withholdings, payable in equal installments on our regular
payroll dates during the period commencing on May 1, 2022 and ending on November 30, 2022. We also agreed to pay Mr. Zackon a separation
expense reimbursement of 10,000. The separation agreement also includes a customary release of claims by Mr. Zackon in favor
of our company and its affiliates, as well as customary confidentiality and mutual non-disparagement provisions. 

51 

On December 12, 2020, we entered into an employment
agreement with Mr. Bergman, our Chief Financial Officer. Pursuant to the employment agreement, Mr. Bergman was entitled to an annual
base salary of 175,000, which was increased to 200,000 on January 1, 2022 and to 250,000 on January 1, 2023. He will also be entitled
to receive an annual bonus between 10 to 20 of his base salary based on meeting mutually agreed objectives or as otherwise determined
by the board. We also agreed to issue 30,000 shares of common stock to Mr. Bergman. Mr. Bergman is eligible to participate in all equity
incentive plans and other employee benefit plans, including health insurance, commensurate with his position. The term of Mr. Bergman s
agreement commenced on January 1, 2021 and will continue until terminated. His employment agreement is terminable on 90 days notice;
however, we may terminate Mr. Bergman s employment without notice for cause (as defined in the employment agreement). If we terminate
Mr. Bergman s employment without cause or due to a disability, he is entitled to one (1) month of severance pay equal to the base
salary of the current year, which will be paid on a bi-weekly schedule. The employment agreement contains standard confidentiality provisions
and restrictive covenants prohibiting Mr. Bergman from owning or operating a business that competes with our company during the term
of his employment. 

Retirement Benefits 

We have not maintained, and do not currently
maintain, a defined benefit pension plan or nonqualified deferred compensation plan. We currently make available a retirement plan intended
to provide benefits under Section 401(k) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, or the Code, pursuant to which employees,
including the executive officers named above, can make voluntary pre-tax contributions. 

Potential Payments Upon Termination or
Change in Control 

As described under Employment
Agreements above, Mr. Zackon is entitled to severance in accordance with the separation agreement and Messrs. Cervantes, Minton
and Bergman are entitled severance if their employment is terminated without cause. 

Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End 

The following table includes certain information
with respect to the value of all unexercised options and unvested shares of restricted stock previously awarded to the executive officers
named above at the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 

Option Awards 
 
 Name 
 Number of 
 Securities 
 Underlying 
 Unexercised 
 Options (#) 
 Exercisable 
 Number of 
 Securities 
 Underlying 
 Unexercised 
 Options (#) 
 Unexercisable 
 Equity Incentive 
 Plan Awards: 
 Number of 
 Securities 
 Underlying 
 Unexercised 
 Unearned 
Options (#) 
 Option 
 Exercise 
Price ) 
 Option 
 Expiration 
 Date 
 
 Alfonso J. Cervantes, Jr. 
 1,000,000 
 - 
 - 
 0.010 
 09/14/2030 
 
 Alfonso J. Cervantes, Jr. 
 16,667 
 283,333 
 - 
 0.693 
 08/12/2027 
 
 Darren C. Minton 
 250,000 
 - 
 - 
 0.010 
 09/14/2030 
 
 Darren C. Minton 
 5,556 
 94,444 
 - 
 0.630 
 08/12/2032 
 
 Alan B. Bergman 
 5,556 
 94,444 
 - 
 0.630 
 08/12/2032 

52 

Director Compensation 

The table below sets forth the compensation paid
to our independent directors during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 

Name 
 Fees Earned 
 or Paid in 
 Cash ) 
 Stock 
Awards ) (1) 
 Total ) 
 
 Ronald S. Altbach 
 18,000 
 46,900 
 64,900 
 
 Richard M. Cohen (2) 
 16,000 
 46,900 
 62,900 
 
 Robert S. Rein 
 16,000 
 46,900 
 62,900 
 
 Roger Conley Wood 
 14,000 
 46,900 
 60,900 
 
 Arthur S. Reynolds 
 5,000 
 - 
 5,000 

(1) The amount is equal to the aggregate grant-date fair value
with respect to the awards, computed in accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board Accounting Standards Codification Topic
718. 

(2) Mr. Cohen resigned from the Board on October 17, 2022. 

Commencing in March 2022, our independent directors
received an annual fee of 10,000, payable monthly, with each committee chair receiving an additional annual fee of 4,000 and each other
committee member receiving an additional annual fee of 2,000; provided that Mr. Reynolds receives an annual fee of 35,000. Each independent
director also receives 2,000 for each in person board meeting and may be reimbursed for pre-approved reasonable business-related expenses
incurred in good faith in connection with his or her duties to our company. 

On March 10, 2022, we granted restricted stock
awards for 50,000 shares of common stock to each independent director serving at such time. On October 17, 2022, we granted a restricted
stock award to Mr. Reynolds for 100,000 shares of common stock upon his appointment to the board. All restricted stock awards vest monthly
over a one-year period. 

2020 Stock Incentive Plan 

On September 14, 2020, our board adopted the
Bonne Sant Group, Inc. 2020 Stock Incentive Plan, or the 2020 Plan, which was approved by our stockholders on September 14, 2020.
The following is a summary of certain significant features of the 2020 Plan. 

Purposes : The purpose of the
2020 Plan is to offer selected employees, consultants, advisors and outside directors the opportunity to acquire equity in our company. 

Types of Awards : Awards that
may be granted include incentive stock options as described in section 422(b) of the Code, non-qualified stock options (i.e., options
that are not incentive stock options) and awards of restricted stock. These awards offer our employees, consultants, advisors and outside
directors the possibility of future value, depending on the long-term price appreciation of our common stock and the award holder s
continuing service with our company or one or more of its subsidiaries. 

Eligible Recipients : Persons
eligible to receive awards under the 2020 Plan will be those employees, consultants, advisors and outside directors of our company and
its subsidiaries who are selected by the Administrator. 

Administration : The 2020 Plan
is administered by our compensation committee. Among other things, the administrator has the authority to select persons who will receive
awards, determine the types of awards and the number of shares to be covered by awards, and to establish the terms, conditions, restrictions
and other provisions of awards. 

Shares Available : The maximum
number of shares of common stock that may be delivered to participants under the 2020 Plan is 2,000,000, subject to adjustment for certain
corporate changes affecting the shares, such as stock splits. Shares subject to an award under the 2020 Plan for which the award is canceled,
forfeited or expires again become available for grants under the 2020 Plan. Shares subject to an award that is settled in cash will not
again be made available for grants under the 2020 Plan. As of the date of this report, 7,505 shares remain available for issuance under
the 2020 Plan. 

53 

Stock Options : 

General . Subject to the provisions
of the 2020 Plan, the administrator has the authority to determine all grants of stock options. That determination will include: (i)
the number of shares subject to any option; (ii) the exercise price per share; (iii) the expiration date of the option; (iv) the manner,
time and date of permitted exercise; (v) other restrictions, if any, on the option or the shares underlying the option; and (vi) any
other terms and conditions as the administrator may determine. 

Option Price . The exercise price for stock
options will be determined at the time of grant. Normally, the exercise price will not be less than the fair market value on the date
of grant, as determined in good faith by the administrator. As a matter of tax law, the exercise price for any incentive stock option
awarded may not be less than the fair market value of the shares on the date of grant. However, incentive stock option grants to any
person owning more than 10 of our voting stock must have an exercise price of not less than 110 of the fair market value on the grant
date. 

Exercise of Options . An option may
be exercised only in accordance with the terms and conditions for the option agreement as established by the administrator at the time
of the grant. The option must be exercised by notice to us, accompanied by payment of the exercise price. Payments may be made in cash
or, at the option of the administrator, by actual or constructive delivery of shares of common stock to the holder of the option based
upon the fair market value of the shares on the date of exercise. 

Expiration or Termination . Options,
if not previously exercised, will expire on the expiration date established by the administrator at the time of grant; provided that
such term cannot exceed ten years and that such term of an incentive stock option granted to a holder of more than 10 of our voting
stock cannot exceed five years. Options will terminate before their expiration date if the holder s service with us terminates
before the expiration date. The option may remain exercisable for specified periods after certain terminations of service, including
terminations as a result of death, disability or retirement, with the precise period during which the option may be exercised to be established
by the administrator and reflected in the grant evidencing the award. 

Stock Awards : Stock awards
can also be granted under the 2020 Plan. A stock award is a grant of shares of common stock. These awards will be subject to such conditions,
restrictions and contingencies as the administrator shall determine at the date of grant. Those may include requirements for continuous
service and/or the achievement of specified performance goals. 

Other Material Provisions : Awards
will be evidenced by a written agreement, in such form as may be approved by the administrator. In the event of various changes to our
capitalization, such as stock splits, stock dividends and similar re-capitalizations, an appropriate adjustment will be made by the administrator
to the number of shares covered by outstanding awards or to the exercise price of such awards. The administrator is also permitted to
include in the written agreement provisions that provide for certain changes in the award in the event of a change of control of our
company, including acceleration of vesting. Except as otherwise determined by the administrator at the date of grant, awards will not
be transferable, other than by will or the laws of descent and distribution. Prior to any award distribution, we are permitted to deduct
or withhold amounts sufficient to satisfy any employee withholding tax requirements. The board also has the authority, at any time, to
discontinue the granting of awards. The board also has the authority to alter or amend the 2020 Plan or any outstanding award or may
terminate the 2020 Plan as to further grants, provided that no amendment will, without the approval of our stockholders, increase the
number of shares available under the 2020 Plan or change the persons eligible for awards under the 2020 Plan. No amendment that would
adversely affect any outstanding award made under the 2020 Plan can be made without the consent of the holder of such award. 

2022 Equity Incentive Plan 

On January 13, 2022, our board of directors adopted
the Smart for Life, Inc. 2022 Equity Incentive Plan, or the 2022 Plan, which was approved by our stockholders on January 13, 2022. On
January 12, 2023, our board approved an amendment to the 2022 Plan to increase the number of shares reserved for issuance under the 2022
Plan from 2,000,000 shares to 70,000,000 shares, which was approved by our stockholders on March 15, 2023. The following is a summary
of certain significant features of the 2022 Plan. 

Purposes : The purposes of
the 2022 Plan are to attract and retain officers, employees, directors and consultants for our company and its subsidiaries; motivate
them by means of appropriate incentives to achieve long-range goals; provide incentive compensation opportunities; and further align
their interests with those of our stockholders through compensation that is based on our common stock. 

Types of Awards : Awards that
may be granted include: (a) incentive stock options, (b) non-qualified stock options, (c) stock appreciation rights, (d) restricted awards,
(e) performance share awards, and (f) performance compensation awards. These awards offer our officers, employees, consultants and directors
the possibility of future value, depending on the long-term price appreciation of our common stock and the award holder s continuing
service with our company. 

Eligible Recipients : Persons
eligible to receive awards under the 2022 Plan will be those officers, employees, directors and consultants of the Company and its subsidiaries
who are selected by the administrator. 

54 

Administration : The 2022 Plan
is administered by our compensation committee. Among other things, the administrator has the authority to select persons who will receive
awards, determine the types of awards and the number of shares to be covered by awards, and to establish the terms, conditions, performance
criteria, restrictions and other provisions of awards. The administrator has authority to establish, amend and rescind rules and regulations
relating to the 2022 Plan. 

Shares Available : The maximum
number of shares of our common stock that may be delivered to participants under the 2022 Plan is 70,000,000, subject to adjustment for
certain corporate changes affecting the shares, such as stock splits. Shares subject to an award under the 2022 Plan for which the award
is canceled, forfeited or expires again become available for grants under the 2022 Plan. Shares subject to an award that is settled in
cash will not again be made available for grants under the 2022 Plan. As of the date of this report, 68,142,000 shares remain available
for issuance under the 2022 Plan. 

Stock Options : 

General . Stock options give the option
holder the right to acquire from us a designated number of shares of common stock at a purchase price that is fixed upon the grant of
the option. Stock options granted may be either tax-qualified stock options (so-called incentive stock options or non-qualified
stock options. Subject to the provisions of the 2022 Plan, the administrator has the authority to determine all grants of stock options.
That determination will include: (i) the number of shares subject to any option; (ii) the exercise price per share; (iii) the expiration
date of the option; (iv) the manner, time and date of permitted exercise; (v) other restrictions, if any, on the option or the shares
underlying the option; and (vi) any other terms and conditions as the administrator may determine. 

Option Price . The exercise price for stock
options will be determined at the time of grant. Normally, the exercise price will not be less than the fair market value on the date
of grant. As a matter of tax law, the exercise price for any incentive stock option awarded may not be less than the fair market value
of the shares on the date of grant. However, incentive stock option grants to any person owning more than 10 of our voting stock must
have an exercise price of not less than 110 of the fair market value on the grant date. 

Exercise of Options . An option may
be exercised only in accordance with the terms and conditions for the option agreement as established by the administrator at the time
of the grant. The option must be exercised by notice to us, accompanied by payment of the exercise price. Payments may be made in cash
or, at the option of the administrator, by actual or constructive delivery of shares of common stock to the holder of the option based
upon the fair market value of the shares on the date of exercise. 

Expiration or Termination . Options,
if not previously exercised, will expire on the expiration date established by the administrator at the time of grant. In the case of
incentive stock options, such term cannot exceed ten years provided that in the case of holders of more than 10 of our voting stock,
such term cannot exceed five years. Options will terminate before their expiration date if the holder s service with our company
or a subsidiary terminates before the expiration date. The option may remain exercisable for specified periods after certain terminations
of employment, including terminations as a result of death, disability or retirement, with the precise period during which the option
may be exercised to be established by the administrator and reflected in the grant evidencing the award. 

Incentive and Non-Qualified Options . As
described elsewhere in this summary, an incentive stock option is an option that is intended to qualify under certain provisions of the
Code for more favorable tax treatment than applies to non-qualified stock options. Any option that does not qualify as an incentive stock
option will be a non-qualified stock option. Under the Code, certain restrictions apply to incentive stock options. For example, the
exercise price for incentive stock options may not be less than the fair market value of the shares on the grant date and the term of
the option may not exceed ten years. In addition, an incentive stock option may not be transferred, other than by will or the laws of
descent and distribution, and is exercisable during the holder s lifetime only by the holder. In addition, no incentive stock options
may be granted to a holder that is first exercisable in a single year if that option, together with all incentive stock options previously
granted to the holder that also first become exercisable in that year, relate to shares having an aggregate fair market value in excess
of 100,000, measured at the grant date. 

Stock Appreciation Rights : Stock
appreciation rights, or SARs, which may be granted alone or in tandem with options, have an economic value similar to that of options.
When an SAR for a particular number of shares is exercised, the holder receives a payment equal to the difference between the market
price of the shares on the date of exercise and the exercise price of the shares under the SAR. Again, the exercise price for SARs normally
is the market price of the shares on the date the SAR is granted. Under the 2022 Plan, holders of SARs may receive this payment - the
appreciation value - either in cash or shares valued at the fair market value on the date of exercise. The form of payment will be determined
by us. 

55 

Restricted Awards : Restricted
awards are shares awarded to participants at no cost. Restricted awards can take the form of awards of restricted stock, which represent
issued and outstanding shares subject to vesting criteria, or restricted stock units, which represent the right to receive shares subject
to satisfaction of the vesting criteria. Restricted stock awards are forfeitable and non-transferable until the shares vest. The vesting
date or dates and other conditions for vesting are established when the shares are awarded. These awards will be subject to such conditions,
restrictions and contingencies as the administrator shall determine at the date of grant. Those may include requirements for continuous
service and/or the achievement of specified performance goals. 

Performance Awards : A
performance award is an award that may be in the form of cash or shares or a combination, based on the attainment of pre-established performance
goals and other conditions, restrictions and contingencies identified by the administrator. 

Performance Criteria : Under
the 2022 Plan, one or more performance criteria will be used by the administrator in establishing performance goals. Any one or more
of the performance criteria may be used on an absolute or relative basis to measure the performance of our company, as the administrator
may deem appropriate, or as compared to the performance of a group of comparable companies, or published or special index that the administrator
deems appropriate. In determining the actual size of an individual performance compensation award, the administrator may reduce or eliminate
the amount of the award through the use of negative discretion if, in its sole judgment, such reduction or elimination is appropriate.
The administrator shall not have the discretion to (i) grant or provide payment in respect of performance compensation awards if the
performance goals have not been attained or (ii) increase a performance compensation award above the maximum amount payable under the
2022 Plan. 

Other Material Provisions : Awards
will be evidenced by a written agreement, in such form as may be approved by the administrator. In the event of various changes to the
capitalization of our company, such as stock splits, stock dividends and similar re-capitalizations, an appropriate adjustment will be
made by the administrator to the number of shares covered by outstanding awards or to the exercise price of such awards. The administrator
is also permitted to include in the written agreement provisions that provide for certain changes in the award in the event of a change
of control of our company, including acceleration of vesting. Except as otherwise determined by the administrator at the date of grant,
awards will not be transferable, other than by will or the laws of descent and distribution. Prior to any award distribution, we are
permitted to deduct or withhold amounts sufficient to satisfy any employee withholding tax requirements. Our board also has the authority,
at any time, to discontinue the granting of awards. The board also has the authority to alter or amend the 2022 Plan or any outstanding
award or may terminate the 2022 Plan as to further grants, provided that no amendment will, without the approval of our stockholders,
to the extent that such approval is required by law or the rules of an applicable exchange, increase the number of shares available under
the 2022 Plan, change the persons eligible for awards under the 2022 Plan, extend the time within which awards may be made, or amend
the provisions of the 2022 Plan related to amendments. No amendment that would adversely affect any outstanding award made under the
2022 Plan can be made without the consent of the holder of such award. 

56 

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS. 

Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners
and Management 

The following table sets forth certain information
with respect to the beneficial ownership of our common stock as of March 29, 2023 for (i) each of our named executive officers and directors;
(ii) all of our named executive officers and directors as a group; and (iii) each other shareholder known by us to be the beneficial
owner of more than 5 of our outstanding common stock. Unless otherwise indicated, the address of each beneficial owner listed in the
table below is c/o our company, 990 S Rogers Circle, Suite 3, Boca Raton, Florida 33487. 

Name and Address of Beneficial Owner 
 Title of Class 
 Amount and Nature of Beneficial Ownership (1) 
 Percent of Class (2) 
 
 Alfonso J. Cervantes, Jr., Executive Chairman (3) 
 Common Stock 
 8,254,000 
 20.53 
 
 Darren C. Minton, Chief Executive Officer and Director (4) 
 Common Stock 
 1,608,333 
 4.08 
 
 Alan B. Bergman, Chief Financial Officer (5) 
 Common Stock 
 58,333 

Robert S. Rein, Director 
 Common Stock 
 1,237,000 
 3.16 
 
 Arthur S. Reynolds, Director 
 Common Stock 
 100,000 

Roger Conley Wood, Director 
 Common Stock 
 50,000 

All executive officers and directors as a group (6 persons above) 
 Common Stock 
 11,307,666 
 28.30 
 
 Brendan O Neil (6)(7) 
 Common Stock 
 2,516,160 
 6.42 
 
 Ionic Ventures, LLC (7) 
 Common Stock 
 2,166,160 
 5.53 

Less than 1 

(1) Beneficial
ownership is determined in accordance with SEC rules and generally includes voting or investment power with respect to securities. For
purposes of this table, a person or group of persons is deemed to have beneficial ownership of any shares that such person
or any member of such group has the right to acquire within sixty (60) days. For purposes of computing the percentage of outstanding
shares of our common shares held by each person or group of persons named above, any shares that such person or persons has the right
to acquire within sixty (60) days of March 29, 2023 are deemed to be
outstanding for such person, but not deemed to be outstanding for the purpose of computing the percentage ownership of any other person.
The inclusion herein of any shares listed as beneficially owned does not constitute an admission of beneficial ownership by any person . 

(2) Based on 39,177,749 shares of common stock issued and outstanding
as of March 29, 2023. 

(3) Includes 2,000,000 shares of common stock held directly,
1,025,000 shares of common stock which Mr. Cervantes has the right to acquire within 60 days through the exercise of vested options and
5,229,000 shares of common stock held by Trilogy. Mr. Cervantes is the Chairman of Trilogy and has voting and investment power over the
securities held by it. Mr. Cervantes disclaims beneficial ownership of the shares held by Trilogy except to the extent of his pecuniary
interest, if any, in such shares. 

(4) Includes 1,350,000 shares of common stock held directly and
258,333 shares of common stock which Mr. Minton has the right to acquire within 60 days through the exercise of vested options. 

(5) Includes 50,000 shares of common stock held directly and
8,333 shares of common stock which Mr. Bergman has the right to acquire within 60 days through the exercise of vested options. 

(6) Based solely on the information set forth in the Schedule
13G filed with the SEC on February 13, 2023, includes 350,000 shares held directly and 2,166,160 shares of common stock held by Ionic
Ventures, LLC. 

(7) Based solely on the information set forth in the Schedule
13G filed with the SEC on February 13, 2023, Brendan O Neil and Keith Coulston are the managers of Ionic Ventures, LLC and hold
voting and dispositive power over the shares held by it. 

Changes in Control 

We do not currently have any arrangements which
if consummated may result in a change of control of our company. 

57 

Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans 

The following table sets forth certain information
about the securities authorized for issuance under our incentive plans as of December 31, 2022. 

Plan Category 
 Number of securities 
to be issued upon 
 exercise 
 of outstanding 
 options, 
warrants 
 and rights 
 (a) 
 Weighted-average 
 exercise price of 
 outstanding 
 options, warrants 
 and rights 
 (b) 
 Number of 
securities 
remaining available 
for future issuance 
under equity 
compensation plans (excluding securities 
reflected 
in column 
(a)) (c) 
 
 Equity compensation plans approved by security holders 
 2,578,000 
 0.01 
 149,505 
 
 Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Total 
 2,578,000 
 0.01 
 149,505 

On September 14, 2020, we established the 2020
Plan. As of December 31, 2022, the maximum number of shares of common stock that may be issued pursuant to awards granted under the 2020
Plan is 2,000,000 shares. On January 13, 2022, we established the 2022 Plan. As of December 31, 2022, the maximum number of shares of
common stock that may be issued pursuant to awards granted under the 2022 Plan is 2,000,000 shares. 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE. 

Transactions with Related Persons 

The following includes a summary of transactions
since the beginning of our 2021 fiscal year, or any currently proposed transaction, in which we were or are to be a participant and the
amount involved exceeded or exceeds the lesser of 120,000 or one percent of the average of our total assets at year-end for the last
two completed fiscal years, and in which any related person had or will have a direct or indirect material interest (other than compensation
described under Item 11 Executive Compensation above). We believe the terms obtained or consideration that we paid
or received, as applicable, in connection with the transactions described below were comparable to terms available or the amounts that
would be paid or received, as applicable, in arm s-length transactions. 

We
 have a management services agreement with Trilogy, a company controlled by our Executive
 Chairman. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the amounts due to Trilogy are 0 and 325,966,
 respectively, which are presented net of amounts due from Trilogy. For the year ended December 31, 2022, we paid Trilogy for 1,476,475
for services rendered under a consulting agreement which are reflected in the statement of operation as consulting fees related
parties. 

Prior
 to November 30, 2021, Doctor Scientific Organica rented its operating facility from Scientific
 Real Estate Holdings, LLC, a non-consolidating company owned by its former sole member, Sasson
 Moulavi. Rent expense paid to the related party for the year ended December 31, 2021 was
 153,798. 

Director Independence 

Our board of directors has determined that Robert
S. Rein, Arthur S. Reynolds and Roger Conley Wood are independent within the meaning of the rules of Nasdaq. 

58 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES. 

Independent Auditors Fees 

The following is a summary of the fees billed
to us for professional services rendered for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: 

Years Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Audit Fees 
 106,750 
 86,750 
 
 Audit-Related Fees 

Tax Fees 
 7,000 
 6,000 
 
 All Other Fees 

TOTAL 
 113,750 
 92,750 

Audit Fees consisted of fees billed
for professional services rendered by the principal accountant for the audit of our annual financial statements and review of the financial
statements included in our registration statement or services that are normally provided by the accountant in connection with statutory
and regulatory filings or engagements. 

Audit-Related Fees consisted of
fees billed for assurance and related services by the principal accountant that were reasonably related to the performance of the audit
or review of our financial statements and are not reported under the paragraph captioned Audit Fees above. 

Tax Fees consisted of fees billed
for professional services rendered by the principal accountant for tax returns preparation. 

All Other Fees consisted of fees
billed for products and services provided by the principal accountant, other than the services reported above under other captions of
this Item 14. 

Pre-Approval Policies and Procedures 

Under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, all audit
and non-audit services performed by our auditors must be approved in advance by our board of directors to assure that such services do
not impair the auditors independence from us. In accordance with its policies and procedures, our board of directors pre-approved
the audit service performed by Daszkal Bolton LLP for our financial statements as of and for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

59 

PART IV 

ITEM 15. EXHIBIT AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES. 

(a) List of Documents Filed as a Part of This Report: 

(1) Index to Financial Statements: 

Page 
 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID 229) 
 
 F-2 
 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 F-4 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 F- 5 
 
 Consolidated Statement of Changes in Stockholders Deficit for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 F- 6 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 F-7 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 F- 8 

(2) Index to Financial Statement Schedules: 

All schedules have been omitted because
the required information is included in the financial statements or the notes thereto, or because it is not required. 

(3) Index to Exhibits: 

See exhibits listed under Part (b) below. 

(b) Exhibits: 

Exhibit No. 
 
 Description 
 
 3.1 
 
 Certificate of Incorporation of Smart for Life, Inc., as amended (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on December 16, 2021) 
 
 3.2 
 
 Certificate of Designation of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on December 16, 2021) 
 
 3.3 
 
 Bylaws of Smart for Life, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.4 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on December 16, 2021) 
 
 4.1 
 
 Description of Securities of Smart for Life, Inc. 
 
 4.2 
 
 Pre-Funded Common Stock Purchase Warrant issued by Smart for Life, Inc. to Anson East Master Fund LP on December 8, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 9, 2022) 
 
 4.3 
 
 Pre-Funded Common Stock Purchase Warrant issued by Smart for Life, Inc. to Anson Investments Master Fund LP on December 8, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 9, 2022) 
 
 4.4 
 
 Pre-Funded Common Stock Purchase Warrant issued by Smart for Life, Inc. to District 2 Capital Fund LP on December 8, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 9, 2022) 
 
 4.5 
 
 Pre-Funded Common Stock Purchase Warrant issued by Smart for Life, Inc. to Ionic Ventures, LLC on December 8, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.4 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 9, 2022) 
 
 4.6 
 
 Pre-Funded Common Stock Purchase Warrant issued by Smart for Life, Inc. to Sabby Volatility Warrant Master Fund Ltd. on December 8, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.5 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 9, 2022) 

60 

4.7 
 
 Debenture Pre-Funded Common Stock Purchase Warrant issued by Smart for Life, Inc. to Anson East Master Fund LP on December 8, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.6 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 9, 2022) 
 
 4.8 
 
 Debenture Pre-Funded Common Stock Purchase Warrant issued by Smart for Life, Inc. to Anson Investments Master Fund LP on December 8, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.7 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 9, 2022) 
 
 4.9 
 
 Debenture Pre-Funded Common Stock Purchase Warrant issued by Smart for Life, Inc. to District 2 Capital Fund LP on December 8, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.8 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 9, 2022) 
 
 4.10 
 
 Debenture Pre-Funded Common Stock Purchase Warrant issued by Smart for Life, Inc. to Ionic Ventures, LLC on December 8, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.9 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 9, 2022) 
 
 4.11 
 
 Debenture Pre-Funded Common Stock Purchase Warrant issued by Smart for Life, Inc. to Sabby Volatility Warrant Master Fund Ltd. on December 8, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.10 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 9, 2022) 
 
 4.12 
 
 Amended and Restated Common Stock Purchase Warrant issued by Smart for Life, Inc. to Anson East Master Fund LP on December 8, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.11 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 9, 2022) 
 
 4.13 
 
 Amended and Restated Common Stock Purchase Warrant issued by Smart for Life, Inc. to Anson East Master Fund LP on December 8, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.12 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 9, 2022) 
 
 4.14 
 
 Amended and Restated Common Stock Purchase Warrant issued by Smart for Life, Inc. to Anson Investments Master Fund LP on December 8, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.13 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 9, 2022) 
 
 4.15 
 
 Amended and Restated Common Stock Purchase Warrant issued by Smart for Life, Inc. to Anson Investments Master Fund LP on December 8, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.14 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 9, 2022) 
 
 4.16 
 
 Amended and Restated Common Stock Purchase Warrant issued by Smart for Life, Inc. to District 2 Capital Fund LP on December 8, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.15 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 9, 2022) 
 
 4.17 
 
 Amended and Restated Common Stock Purchase Warrant issued by Smart for Life, Inc. to District 2 Capital Fund LP on December 8, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.16 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 9, 2022) 
 
 4.18 
 
 Amended and Restated Common Stock Purchase Warrant issued by Smart for Life, Inc. to Ionic Ventures, LLC on December 8, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.17 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 9, 2022) 
 
 4.19 
 
 Amended and Restated Common Stock Purchase Warrant issued by Smart for Life, Inc. to Ionic Ventures, LLC on December 8, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.18 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 9, 2022) 
 
 4.20 
 
 Amended and Restated Common Stock Purchase Warrant issued by Smart for Life, Inc. to Sabby Volatility Warrant Master Fund Ltd. on December 8, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.19 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 9, 2022) 
 
 4.21 
 
 Amended and Restated Common Stock Purchase Warrant issued by Smart for Life, Inc. to Sabby Volatility Warrant Master Fund Ltd. on December 8, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.20 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 9, 2022) 
 
 4.22 
 
 Common Stock Purchase Warrant issued by Smart for Life, Inc. to Dawson James Securities, Inc. on December 8, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.21 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 9, 2022) 

61 

4.23 
 
 Common Stock Purchase Warrant issued by Smart for Life, Inc. to Dawson James Securities, Inc. on December 8, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.22 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 9, 2022) 
 
 4.24 
 
 Common Stock Purchase Warrant issued by Smart for Life, Inc. to Robert D. Keyser, Jr. on December 8, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.23 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 9, 2022) 
 
 4.25 
 
 Common Stock Purchase Warrant issued by Smart for Life, Inc. to James Hopkins on December 8, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.24 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 9, 2022) 
 
 4.26 
 
 Warrant Agent Agreement, dated February 16, 2022, between Smart for Life, Inc. and VStock Transfer, LLC and Forms of Warrants (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 23, 2022) 
 
 4.27 
 
 Warrant issued by Smart for Life, Inc. to Joseph Xiras on January 13, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.21 to Amendment No. 2 to Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed on January 21, 2022) 
 
 4.28 
 
 Warrant issued by Smart for Life, Inc. to Leonite Fund I, LP on January 13, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.22 to Amendment No. 2 to Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed on January 21, 2022) 
 
 4.29 
 
 Warrant issued by Smart for Life, Inc. to Laurie Rosenthal on January 7, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.20 to Amendment No. 2 to Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed on January 21, 2022) 
 
 4.30 
 
 Warrant issued by Smart for Life, Inc. to Robert Rein on January 3, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.19 to Amendment No. 2 to Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed on January 21, 2022) 
 
 4.31 
 
 Warrant issued by Smart for Life, Inc. to Thomas L Calkins II and Diane M Calkins JTIC on December 27, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.18 to Amendment No. 2 to Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed on January 21, 2022) 
 
 4.32 
 
 Warrant issued by Smart for Life, Inc. to Ryan Hazel on December 23, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.17 to Amendment No. 2 to Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed on January 21, 2022) 
 
 4.33 
 
 Amended and Restated Warrant issued by Smart for Life, Inc. to Dawson James Securities, Inc. on February 1, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.25 to Amendment No. 3 to Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed on February 2, 2022) 
 
 4.34 
 
 Warrant issued by Smart for Life, Inc. to Dawson James Securities, Inc. on July 1, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.23 to Amendment No. 3 to Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed on February 2, 2022) 
 
 4.35 
 
 Warrant issued by Smart for Life, Inc. to Dawson James Securities, Inc. on July 1, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.24 to Amendment No. 3 to Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed on February 2, 2022) 
 
 4.36 
 
 Common Stock Purchase Warrant issued by Smart for Life, Inc. to Peah Capital, LLC on December 18, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.14 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on December 16, 2021) 
 
 4.37 
 
 Amendment No 1 to Common Stock Purchase Warrant, dated June 30, 2021, between Smart for Life, Inc. and Peah Capital, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.15 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on December 16, 2021) 
 
 10.1 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement, dated December 8, 2022, among Smart for Life, Inc. and the purchasers signatory thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 9, 2022) 
 
 10.2 
 
 Registration Rights Agreement, dated December 8, 2022, among Smart for Life, Inc. and the purchasers signatory thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 9, 2022) 
 
 10.3+ 
 
 License Agreement, dated January 1, 2020, between ABG-SI, LLC and GSP Nutrition Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.37 to Amendment No. 1 to Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed on January 14, 2022) 

62 

10.4+ 
 
 Amendment No. 1 to License Agreement, dated June 1, 2020, between ABG-SI, LLC and GSP Nutrition Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.50 to Amendment No. 1 to Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed on January 14, 2022) 
 
 10.5+ 
 
 Amendment No. 2 to License Agreement, dated August 1, 2021, between ABG-SI, LLC and GSP Nutrition Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.51 to Amendment No. 1 to Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed on January 14, 2022) 
 
 10.6 
 
 Secured Subordinated Convertible Promissory Note issued by Smart for Life, Inc. to RMB Industries, Inc. on July 29, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 4, 2022) 
 
 10.7 
 
 Secured Subordinated Convertible Promissory Note issued by Smart for Life, Inc. to RTB Childrens Trust on July 29, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 4, 2022) 
 
 10.8 
 
 Secured Subordinated Convertible Promissory Note issued by Smart for Life, Inc. to D D Hayes, LLC on July 29, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 4, 2022) 
 
 10.9 
 
 Secured Subordinated Promissory Note issued by Smart for Life, Inc. to RMB Industries, Inc. on July 29, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 4, 2022) 
 
 10.10 
 
 Secured Subordinated Promissory Note issued by Smart for Life, Inc. to RTB Childrens Trust on July 29, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 4, 2022) 
 
 10.11 
 
 Secured Subordinated Promissory Note issued by Smart for Life, Inc. to D D Hayes, LLC on July 29, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 4, 2022) 
 
 10.12 
 
 Secured Subordinated Promissory Note issued by Smart for Life, Inc. to RMB Industries, Inc. on July 29, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 4, 2022) 
 
 10.13 
 
 Letter Agreement, dated November 28, 2022, between Smart for Life, Inc. and RMB Industries, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 2, 2022) 
 
 10.14 
 
 Secured Subordinated Promissory Note issued by Smart for Life, Inc. to D D Hayes, LLC on July 29, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 4, 2022) 
 
 10.15 
 
 Letter Agreement, dated November 28, 2022, between Smart for Life, Inc. and D D Hayes, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 2, 2022) 
 
 10.16 
 
 Secured Subordinated Promissory Note issued by Smart for Life, Inc. to Bactolac Pharmaceuticals, Inc. on July 29, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.11 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 4, 2022) 
 
 10.17 
 
 Secured Subordinated Promissory Note issued by Smart for Life, Inc. to Stuart Benson on July 29, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.12 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 4, 2022) 
 
 10.18 
 
 Letter Agreement, dated November 28, 2022, between Smart for Life, Inc. and Stuart Benson (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 2, 2022) 
 
 10.19 
 
 5 Secured Subordinated Promissory Note issued by Smart for Life, Inc. to Justin Francisco and Steven Rubert on November 8, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.14 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on December 16, 2021) 
 
 10.20 
 
 Amended and Restated 6 Secured Subordinated Promissory Note issued by Smart for Life, Inc. to Sasson E. Moulavi on November 29, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 2, 2022) 

63 

10.21 
 
 Original Issue Discount Secured Subordinated Note issued by Smart for Life, Inc. to Joseph X. Xiras on July 29, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.14 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 4, 2022) 
 
 10.22 
 
 Form of Debenture relating to 2022 private placement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 5, 2022) 
 
 10.23 
 
 Loan Agreement, dated July 1, 2021, among Smart for Life, Inc., Bonne Sante Natural Manufacturing, Inc., Doctors Scientific Organica, LLC and Diamond Creek Capital, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.21 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on December 16, 2021) 
 
 10.24 
 
 First Amendment to Loan Agreement, dated June 29, 2022, among Smart for Life, Inc., Bonne Sante Natural Manufacturing, Inc., Doctors Scientific Organica, LLC and Diamond Creek Capital, LLC 
 
 10.25 
 
 Second Amendment to Loan Agreement, dated December 29, 2022, among Smart for Life, Inc., Bonne Sante Natural Manufacturing, Inc., Doctors Scientific Organica, LLC and Diamond Creek Capital, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 5, 2023) 
 
 10.26 
 
 Term Loan Promissory Note issued by Smart for Life, Inc., Bonne Sante Natural Manufacturing, Inc. and Doctors Scientific Organica, LLC to Diamond Creek Capital, LLC on July 1, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.22 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on December 16, 2021) 
 
 10.27 
 
 Security Agreement, dated July 1, 2021, among Smart for Life, Inc., Bonne Sante Natural Manufacturing, Inc., Doctors Scientific Organica, LLC and Diamond Creek Capital, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.23 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on December 16, 2021) 
 
 10.28 
 
 Lease Agreement, dated November 28, 2022, between 990 S Rogers Circle, LLC and Smart for Life, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 2, 2022) 
 
 10.29 
 
 Lease, dated February 3, 2012, between O B Properties, Inc. and Bonne Sante Natural Manufacturing, Inc., as amended (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.33 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on December 16, 2021) 
 
 10.30 
 
 Business Lease, dated November 20, 2015, between Aqua USA Property Management LLC and Bonne Sante Natural Manufacturing, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.34 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on December 16, 2021) 
 
 10.31 
 
 Lease, dated September 1, 2018, between Scientific Real Estate Holdings LLC and Doctors Scientific Organica, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.35 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on December 16, 2021) 
 
 10.32 
 
 Memorandum of Agreement of Lease, dated September 30, 2021, between The Linger Corporation and Smart for Life Canada Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.36 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on December 16, 2021) 
 
 10.33 
 
 Employment Agreement, dated July 1, 2020, between Smart for Life, Inc. and Alfonso J. Cervantes (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.38 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on December 16, 2021) 
 
 10.34 
 
 Employment Agreement, dated July 1, 2020, between Smart for Life, Inc. and Darren C. Minton (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.40 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on December 16, 2021) 
 
 10.35 
 
 Form of Independent Director Agreement between Smart for Life, Inc. and each of Robert S. Rein and Roger Conley Wood (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.41 to Amendment No. 1 to Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed on January 14, 2022) 
 
 10.36 
 
 Independent Director Agreement, dated October 17, 2022, between Smart for Life, Inc. and Arthur S. Reynolds (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 21, 2022) 
 
 10.37 
 
 Form of Indemnification Agreement between Smart for Life, Inc. and each independent director (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.42 to Amendment No. 1 to Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed on January 14, 2022) 

64 

10.38 
 
 2020 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.43 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on December 16, 2021) 
 
 10.39 
 
 Form of Stock Option Agreement for 2020 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.44 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on December 16, 2021) 
 
 10.40 
 
 Form of Restricted Stock Award Agreement for 2020 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.45 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on December 16, 2021) 
 
 10.41 
 
 2022 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.46 to Amendment No. 1 to Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed on January 14, 2022) 
 
 10.42 
 
 Amendment No. 1 to 2022 Equity Incentive Plan 
 
 10.43 
 
 Form of Stock Option Agreement for 2022 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.47 to Amendment No. 1 to Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed on January 14, 2022) 
 
 10.44 
 
 Form of Restricted Stock Award Agreement for 2022 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.48 to Amendment No. 1 to Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed on January 14, 2022) 
 
 10.45 
 
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement for 2022 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.49 to Amendment No. 1 to Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed on January 14, 2022) 
 
 14.1 
 
 Code of Business Conduct and Ethics (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 14.1 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 31, 2022) 
 
 19.1 
 
 Insider Trading Policy 
 
 21.1 
 
 Subsidiaries of Smart for Life, Inc. 
 
 23.1 
 
 Consent of Daszkal Bolton LLP 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certifications of Principal Executive Officer filed pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certifications of Principal Financial and Accounting Officer filed pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certifications of Principal Executive Officer furnished pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 32.2 
 
 Certifications of Principal Financial and Accounting Officer furnished pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance
 Document 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 
 
 104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 

Filed herewith 

+ Certain confidential information contained these exhibits
has been omitted in accordance with Item 6.01(b)(10) because it is both (i) not material and (ii) is the type that we treat as private
or confidential because it would be competitively harmful if publicly disclosed 

Executive compensation plan or arrangement 

ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY. 

None. 

65 

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Page Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID F-2 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-4 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 F- 5 Consolidated Statement of Changes in Stockholders Deficit for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 F- 6 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-7 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements F- 8 

F- 1 

Report of Independent Registered
Public Accounting Firm 

To the Board of Directors and Stockholders 

Smart for Life, Inc. 

Doral, Florida 

Opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated
balance sheets of Smart for Life, Inc. (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related consolidated statements of income,
changes in stockholders deficit, and cash flows for each of the years in the two-year period ended December 31, 2022, and the related
notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements
present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its
operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the two-year period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Going Concern Uncertainty 

The accompanying consolidated financial statements
have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As described in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements,
the Company has sustained recurring losses and has a deficiency in working capital of approximately 11.5 million at December 31, 2022,
which raises substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans in regard to these matters are
described in Note 2. The consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty.
Our opinion is not modified with respect to this matter. 

Basis for Opinion 

These consolidated financial statements are the
responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s consolidated financial
statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United
States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and
the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the
standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated
financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we
engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s
internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures
that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the
consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by
management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide
a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical Audit Matters 

The critical audit matters communicated below
are matters arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that are communicated or required to be communicated
to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and
(2) involved are especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter
in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit
matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 

Valuation of Intangible Assets and Goodwill
in Acquisitions 

As described in Notes 3 to the consolidated financial
statements, the Company completed an acquisition for consideration of 8.6 million and the transaction was accounted for as business combinations.
The Company recorded acquired intangible assets at fair value on the date of acquisition. The methods used to estimate the fair value
of acquired intangible assets involve significant assumptions. The significant assumptions applied by management in estimating the fair
value of the acquired intangible assets included income projections and discount rates. 

F- 2 

The principal considerations for our determination
that performing procedures relating to the valuation of acquired intangible assets is a critical audit matter are (1) there was a high
degree of auditor judgment and subjectivity in applying procedures relating to the fair value of intangible assets acquired due to the
significant judgment by management when developing the estimates and (2) significant audit effort was required in evaluating the significant
assumptions relating to the estimates, including the income projections and discount rates. In addition, the audit effort involved the
use of professionals with specialized skill and knowledge to assist in performing these procedures and evaluating the audit evidence obtained. 

Addressing the matter involved performing procedures
and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion on the consolidated financial statements. These procedures
included, among others, reading the purchase agreements, and testing management s process for estimating the fair value of intangible
assets. Testing management s process included evaluating the appropriateness of the valuation models, testing the completeness,
accuracy, and relevance of underlying data used in the models, and testing the reasonableness of significant assumptions, including the
income projections and discount rates. Evaluating the reasonableness of the income projections involved considering the current performance
of the acquired businesses, the consistency with external market and industry data, and whether these assumptions were consistent with
other evidence obtained in other areas of the audit. 

Intangible Assets Impairment Assessments 

As described in Notes 3 and 6 to the consolidated
financial statements, the Company has goodwill and intangible assets of 24.8 million at December 31, 2022. In most cases, no directly
observable market inputs are available to measure the fair value to determine if the asset is impaired. Therefore, an estimate is derived
indirectly and is based on net present value techniques utilizing post-tax cash flows and discount rates. The estimates that management
used in calculating the net present values depend on assumptions specific to the nature of the management service activities with regard
to the amount and timing of projected future cash flows; long-term forecasts; actions of competitors (competing services), future tax
and discount rates. 

The principal considerations for our determination
that performing procedures relating to the intangible assets impairment assessment is a critical audit matter are the significant judgment
by management when developing the net present value of the intangible assets. This in turn led to a high degree of auditor judgment, subjectivity,
and effort in performing procedures and evaluating management s significant assumptions related to the amount and timing of projected
future cash flows and the discount rate. 

Addressing the matter involved performing procedures
and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion on the consolidated financial statements. These procedures
included testing management s process for developing the fair value estimate; evaluating the appropriateness of the net present
value techniques; testing the completeness and accuracy of underlying data used in the model; and evaluating the significant assumptions
used by management, including the amount and timing of projected future cash flows and the discount rate. Evaluating management s
assumptions related to the amount and timing of projected future cash flows and the discount rate involved evaluating whether the assumptions
used by management were reasonable considering the current and past performance of the intangible assets and whether these assumptions
were consistent with evidence obtained in other areas of the audit. 

/s/ Daszkal Bolton LLP 

We have served as the Company s auditor
since 2021 

March 31, 2023 

F- 3 

SMART FOR LIFE, INC. 
CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 
 
 ASSETS 

Current assets: 

Cash 

Accounts receivable, net 

Inventory 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Total current assets 

Property and equipment, net 

Intangible assets, net 

Goodwill 

Deposits and other assets 

Operating lease right-of-use assets 

Total other assets 

Total assets 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses 

Accrued expenses, related parties 

Due to related parties, net 

Deferred revenue 

Preferred stock dividends payable 

Lease liability, current 

Debt, current, net of debt discounts 

Total current liabilities 

Long-term liabilities: 

Lease liability, noncurrent 

Debt, noncurrent 

Total long-term liabilities 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies 

Stockholders Deficit 

Preferred Stock, par value, shares authorized and and shares outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

Series A Convertible Preferred Stock, par value, shares authorized, and shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

Common Stock, par value, shares authorized, and issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

Additional paid in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Total stockholders deficit 

Total liabilities and stockholders equity 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these consolidated financial statements 

F- 4 

SMART FOR LIFE, INC. 
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

December 31, 
 2022 
 December 31, 
 2021 
 
 Revenues 

Products 

Advertising 

Total revenues 

Cost of revenues 

Products 

Advertising 

Total cost of revenues 

Gross profit 

Operating expenses 

General and administrative 

Compensation 

Professional services 

Depreciation and amortization expense 

Total operating expenses 

Operating loss 

Other income (expense) 

Other (expense) 

Consulting fees related parties 

IPO expenses 

Gain on debt extinguishment 

Interest (expense) 

Total other (expense) 

Loss before income taxes 

Income tax expense 

Net loss 

Series A Preferred Stock dividends 

Net loss attributable to common shareholders 

Weighted average shares outstanding 

Loss per share 

Weighted average shares outstanding 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these consolidated financial statements 

F- 5 

SMART FOR LIFE, INC. 
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 
FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

Preferred Stock 
 Common Stock 
 Additional Paid-In 
 Accumulated 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Total 
 
 Balance, December 31, 2020 

Stock issued for services 

Stock issued for acquisition 

Preferred stock, Series A, dividends payable 

Warrants issued in connection with debt 

Stock issued for cash 

Net loss 

Balance, December 31, 2021 

Common stock issued for cash with initial public offering 

Series A warrants issued in connection with initial public offering 

Series B warrants in connection with initial public offering 

Warrants issued in connection with debt 

Common stock issued upon exercise of series B warrants 

Common stock issued upon conversion of convertible notes 

Common stock issued in connection with acquisition 

Common stock issued for conversion of accounts payable 

Common stock issued for services 

Common stock issued upon conversion of preferred stock 

Common stock issued under future equity agreements 

Common stock issued upon option exercise 

Common stock issued upon conversion of promissory note 

Stock issued for cash in private placement 

Stock issued for debt forbearance 

Preferred stock Series A dividend payable 

Stock based compensation 

Net loss 

Balance, December 31, 2022 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these consolidated financial statements 

F- 6 

SMART FOR LIFE, INC. 
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

December 31,
 
 2022 
 December 31,
 
 2021 
 
 Cash
 flows from operating activities: 

Net
 loss 

Adjustments
 to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Bad
 debt expense 

Debt
 issuance cost 

Depreciation
 and amortization expense 

Gain
 on extinguishment of debt 

Stock-based
 compensation 

Stock
 issued for services 

Interest
 expense associated with warrants issued with debt 

Interest
 expense associated with future equity agreements 

Accretion
 related to right of use asset 

Change
 in operating assets and liabilities: 

Accounts
 receivable, net 

Inventory 

Prepaid
 expenses and other current assets 

Deposits
 and other assets 

Accounts
 payable 

Accrued
 expenses 

Accrued
 expenses, related parties 

Repayment
 of right of use asset 

Deferred
 revenue 

Net
 cash used in operating activities 

Cash
 flows from investing activities: 

Cash
 paid for acquisition of DSO 

Cash
 paid for acquisition of Ceautamed 

Cash
 paid for acquisition of Nexus 

Additions
 to property and equipment 

Net
 cash used in investing activities 

Cash
 flows from financing activities: 

Receipts
 from related parties 

Payments
 to related parties 

Proceeds
 from initial public offering 

Proceeds
 from issuance of common stock 

Proceeds
 from private placement 

Proceeds
 from convertible notes and notes payable 

Repayments
 on convertible notes and notes payable 

Net
 cash provided by financing activities 

Net
 decrease in cash 

Cash,
 beginning of year 

Cash,
 end of year 

Supplemental
 disclosure of cash flow information: 

Interest
 paid 

Non-cash
 investing and financing activities: 

Stock
 issued for conversion of accounts payable 

Stock
 issued for conversion of convertible notes and interest 

Debt
 issued for acquisition of Ceautamed 

Equipment
 obtained with financing 

Issuance
 of common stock for acquisition of GSP 

Non-cash
 acquisition of Doctors Scientific Organica 

Non-cash
 acquisition of Nexus Offers 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these consolidated financial statements 

F- 7 

SMART FOR LIFE, INC. 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

of Millenium
Natural Manufacturing Corp. and Millenium Natural Health Products, Inc. On October 8, 2019, SMFL entered into an agreement to acquire
the remaining of these companies, subject to certain conditions which were subsequently met. On September 30, 2020, the name
of Millenium Natural Manufacturing Corp. was changed to Bonne Sante Natural Manufacturing, Inc. BSNM ), and on November 24,
2020, Millenium Natural Health Products Inc. was merged into BSNM. Based in Doral, Florida, BSNM operates a square-foot FDA-certified
manufacturing facility. It manufactures nutritional products for a significant number of customers. 

square-foot FDA-certified manufacturing facility. DSO manufactures and sells weight
management foods and related products. Additionally, DSO provides manufacturing services for other customers. 

F- 8 

SMART FOR LIFE, INC. 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

million. These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern.
The consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

F- 9 

SMART FOR LIFE, INC. 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

and 
at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

- years. 

to years. 

as of December 31, 2022. 

F- 10 

SMART FOR LIFE, INC. 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

months or less at inception are not recorded on the balance sheet and are expensed on a
straight- line basis over the lease term. 

F- 11 

SMART FOR LIFE, INC. 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

and , respectively, and have been recorded in cost of goods sold in the accompanying consolidated
statement of operations. 

and , respectively. 

F- 12 

SMART FOR LIFE, INC. 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

. 

Debt issued 

Total consideration 

Liabilities assumed 

Intangible assets 

Net assets acquired 

Customer contracts 

Intellectual property 

F- 13 

SMART FOR LIFE, INC. 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

Net income (loss) 

Earnings (loss) per share, basic and diluted

Weighted average shares outstanding, basic and diluted

Work in Progress 

Finished goods 

Less: allowance for obsolescence 

Equipment Manufacturing 

Building Equipment 

Leasehold improvements 

Less: accumulated depreciation and amortization 

Property and equipment, net 

and , respectively. 

F- 14 

SMART FOR LIFE, INC. 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

Developed technology 

Non-compete agreements 

Patents 

Tradename 

Intellectual property 

Licenses agreements 

Total intangible assets 

Less: amortization 

Intangibles, net 

million related to the acquisition of Ceautamed and declined by million due to amortization. During 2021, identifiable
intangible assets increased by million related to acquisitions and declined by . million due to amortization. 

and , respectively. 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Total 

, according to the Company s elected policy. 

F- 15 

SMART FOR LIFE, INC. 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

Liability 

Right of use liability, current portion 

Right of use liability, net of current portion 

Total lease liability 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Total payments 

Less: amount representing interest 

Lease obligation, net 

Less: current portion 

Lease obligation long-term 

and , respectively. 

. The debentures contain an original issue discount of , or an
aggregate original issue discount of . As a result, the total purchase price was . The debentures bear interest at
a rate of per annum. The outstanding principal amount and all accrued interest is due and payable on the earlier of (i) the completion
of the Company s next equity financing in which it receives gross proceeds in excess of million, (ii) twenty-four months after
the date of issuance or (iii) within 30 days after election of repayment from the holder so long as the election is after the 6-month
anniversary of the debenture. The Company may voluntarily prepay the debentures in whole or in part without premium or penalty. The debentures
contain customary events of default for a loan of this type. The debentures are unsecured and are subordinated in right of payment to
the prior payment in full of all senior indebtedness and are pari passu in right of payment to any other unsecured indebtedness
incurred by the Company in favor of any third party. As of December 31, 2022, the outstanding principal balance of the debentures was
 and debt issuance cost was . 

F- 16 

SMART FOR LIFE, INC. 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

to such investor. The note contains an original issue discount of , or an original issue
discount of . As a result, the total purchase price was , the proceeds of which were used to fund the acquisition of
Ceautamed. The note shall bear interest at the rate of per annum and matures on . The outstanding principal and all
accrued interest shall be amortized on a 60-month straight-line basis and payable in accordance with the amortization schedule set forth
on Exhibit A to the note. The Company may prepay the principal and all accrued and unpaid interest on the note without penalty, in whole
or in part; provided however, in no event before January 15, 2023, unless with the explicit prior written approval of the holder. The
note contains customary events of default for a loan of this type. The note is guaranteed by BSNM, DSO, Nexus, GSP and Ceautamed and
is secured by a security interest in all of the assets of the Company and such guarantors; provided that such security interest is subordinate
to the rights of the lenders under any senior indebtedness (as defined in the note). As of December 31, 2022, the outstanding principal
balance of the note was and debt issuance cost was . 

unsecured subordinated convertible debentures in
the aggregate principal amount of to such investors for gross proceeds of , the proceeds of which were used to fund
the acquisition of Nexus. Interest at a rate of per annum accrued on the principal balance of the debentures from the date of issuance
until February 14, 2022, the date that the registration statement related to the IPO was declared effective by the Securities and Exchange
Commission (the IPO Date ). On December 9, 2022, the notes and accrued interest were converted into shares of
the Company s common stock at a conversion price of . 

secured subordinated convertible promissory note in the principal amount of to a related party, Sasson E. Moulavi, in
connection with the acquisition of DSO. This note accrued interest at per annum and was to mature on . As of December
31, 2021, the outstanding principal balance of this note was . This note and accrued interest automatically converted into
 shares of common stock concurrent with the closing of the IPO on February 18, 2022. 

secured subordinated promissory note in the principal amount of to a related party, Sasson E. Moulavi, in connection with
the acquisition of DSO. This note accrues interest at per annum and the outstanding principal and interest will be amortized on a
straight-line basis and are payable quarterly in accordance with the amortization schedule attached to the note, with all amounts
due and payable on July 1, 2024. The Company may prepay all or any portion of this note any time prior to maturity without premium
or penalty. This note contains customary covenants and events of default for a loan of this type, including if a default occurs
under any senior secured indebtedness to banks and other financial institutions or private equity funds, and is secured by a
security interest in all of the assets of DSO; provided that such security interest is subordinate to the rights of the lenders
under any such senior secured indebtedness. As of December 31, 2022, the outstanding principal balance of this note was
 . 

secured subordinated convertible promissory note in the principal amount of to related parties, Justin Francisco and
Steven Rubert, in connection with the acquisition of Nexus. This note accrued interest at per annum and was to mature on . As of December 31, 2021, the outstanding principal balance of this note was . This note and accrued interest
automatically converted into shares of common stock concurrent with the closing of the IPO on February 18, 2022. 

F- 17 

SMART FOR LIFE, INC. 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

secured subordinated promissory note in the principal amount of to related parties, Justin Francisco and Steven Rubert,
in connection with the acquisition of Nexus. This note accrues interest at per annum and the outstanding principal and interest
will be amortized on a straight-line basis and are payable quarterly in accordance with the amortization schedule attached to the
note, with all amounts due and payable on November 8, 2024. The Company may prepay all or any portion of this note any time prior to
maturity without premium or penalty. The note contains customary covenants and events of default for a loan of this type, including
if a default occurs under any senior secured indebtedness to banks and other financial institutions or private equity funds, and is
secured by a security interest in all of the Company s assets; provided that such security interest is subordinate to the
rights of the lenders under any such senior secured indebtedness. As of December 31, 2022, the outstanding principal balance of this
note was . 

in connection with the acquisition of
Ceautamed, which are partially with a related party. The notes shall bear interest at the rate of per annum with all principal
and accrued interest being due and payable in one lump sum on July 29, 2025; provided that upon an event of default (as defined in
the notes), such interest rate shall increase to . The notes are convertible at the option of the holder into common stock at a
conversion price of ; provided that the holder may not elect to convert a portion of the outstanding principal in an amount
less than the lesser of or the remaining outstanding principal. The notes contain customary covenants and events of default
for loans of this type, including upon any default under the senior indebtedness (as defined in the notes). The notes are guaranteed
by Ceautamed and are secured by a security interest in all of the assets of such guarantors; provided that such security interest is
subordinate to the rights of the lenders under any such senior indebtedness. As of December 31, 2022, the outstanding principal
balance of these notes was . 

in connection with the acquisition of Ceautamed, which are partially with a related party. The notes
shall bear interest at the rate of per annum and mature on ; provided that upon an event of default (as defined in the
notes), such interest rate shall increase to . The outstanding principal and all accrued interest shall be amortized on a five-year
straight-line basis and payable quarterly in accordance with the amortization schedule set forth on Exhibit A to the notes. The Company
may redeem all or any portion of the notes at any time without premium or penalty. The notes contain customary covenants and events of
default for loans of this type, including upon any default under the senior indebtedness (as defined in the notes). The notes are guaranteed
by Ceautamed and are secured by a security interest in all of the assets of such guarantors; provided that such security interest is
subordinate to the rights of the lenders under any such senior indebtedness. As of December 31, 2022, the outstanding principal balance
of these notes was . 

in connection with the acquisition of Ceautamed, which are partially with a related party. The
notes bore interest at the rate of per annum with all principal and accrued interest being due and payable in one lump sum ninety
(90) days from the date of the note; provided that upon an event of default (as defined in the notes), such interest rate shall
increase to . On November 28, 2022, the Company entered into letter agreements with the holders of most of the notes to amend the
terms of these notes. Pursuant to letter agreements, the parties agreed to extend the maturity date to June 1, 2023 and agreed to a
seven month payment schedule, with the first payment due December 1, 2022. The parties also agreed to increase the default interest
rate from to . The Company also agreed that if an event of default (as defined in the notes) has occurred and is continuing,
then the Company shall not create any senior indebtedness (as defined in the notes) without the consent of the holders of a majority
of the principal amount of the notes. In exchange for the agreement of the holders to enter into the letter agreements, the Company
agreed to pay certain amendment fees as more particularly described in the letter agreements. The Company is in the process of
negotiating a similar extension of one remining note in the principal amount of . The Company may redeem all or any portion
of the notes at any time without premium or penalty. The notes contain customary covenants and events of default for loans of this
type, including upon any default under the senior indebtedness (as defined in the notes). The notes are guaranteed by Ceautamed and
are secured by a security interest in all of the assets of such guarantors; provided that such security interest is subordinate to
the rights of the lenders under any such senior indebtedness. As of December 31, 2022, the outstanding principal balance of these
notes was . 

F- 18 

SMART FOR LIFE, INC. 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

. The loan bears interest at a rate
of per annum, provided that upon an event of default, such rate shall increase by . The loan was due and payable on the earlier
of or upon completion of the IPO. The Company repaid of the principal balance and of the interest from
the proceeds of the IPO. In connection with such repayment, the lender agreed that the remaining loan is due and payable on July 1, 2023.
The loan is secured by all of the Company s assets and contains customary events of default. As of December 31, 2022, the outstanding
principal balance of this note was . 

to Bevilacqua PLLC, the Company s outside securities counsel. This note accrues
interest at per annum and matures on . The note is convertible at the option of the holder into shares of common stock
at a conversion price that is equal to forty percent of either (i) the price per share paid by investors in the Company s
next priced equity financing or (ii) the volume weighted average price of the common stock for the five trading days from and including
the date that the conversion notice is given. As of December 31, 2021, the outstanding principal balance of this note was . On
April 8, 2022, the holder converted the outstanding balance of this note into shares of common stock. 

, which was amended on
April 27, 2021 to increase the loan amount to . In connection with such amendment, on April 27, 2021, the Company issued a
second amended and restated promissory note to Peah Capital, LLC in the principal amount of . The loan bears interest at a
rate of per annum, provided that upon an event of default, such rate shall increase to per annum. The loan was repaid in full
on July 29, 2022. 

- . These notes were unsecured and contain customary
events of default. As of December 31, 2021, the outstanding principal balance of these notes was . These notes were repaid
in full upon closing of the IPO with the exception of a note which has an outstanding balance of at December 31, 2022. This
note accrues interest at and is due and payable on . 

. This note accrued interest at per annum and was to mature on .
As of December 31, 2021, the outstanding principal balance of this note was . This note automatically converted into 
shares of common stock concurrent with the closing of the IPO on February 18, 2022. 

. This note bears interest at a rate of and is due on
demand. At December 31, 2022, the outstanding amount was . 

. This note bears interest at a rate of and is due on
demand. At December 31, 2022, the outstanding amount was . 

. This note bears interest at a rate of and is due on
demand. At December 31, 2022, the outstanding amount was . 

with a required repayment amount of , which requires weekly payments of approximately .
At December 31, 2022, the outstanding amount was . 

with a required repayment amount of , which requires weekly payments of approximately .
At December 31, 2022, the outstanding amount was . 

F- 19 

SMART FOR LIFE, INC. 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

with a required repayment amount of , which requires weekly payments of approximately .
At December 31, 2022, the outstanding amount was . 

with a required repayment amount of , which requires weekly payments of approximately .
At December 31, 2022, the outstanding amount was . 

with a required repayment amount of , which requires weekly payments of approximately .
At December 31, 2022, the outstanding amount was . 

with a required repayment amount of , which requires weekly payments of approximately .
At December 31, 2022, the outstanding amount was . 

with a required repayment amount of . At December 31, 2022, the outstanding amount was . 

with a required repayment amount of , which requires weekly payments of approximately .
At December 31, 2022, the outstanding amount was . 

which included in cash and a refinance of a prior advance of , with a required repayment
amount of , which requires weekly payments of approximately . At December 31, 2022, the outstanding amount was . 

with a required repayment amount of , which requires weekly payments of approximately .
At December 31, 2022, the outstanding amount was . 

used for the purchase of equipment within BSNM s operations. The loan bears interest at and
matures on . At December 31, 2022, the outstanding amount was . 

used for the purchase of equipment within BSNM s operations. The loan bears interest at and matures
on . At December 31, 2022, the outstanding amount was . 

used for the purchase of equipment within Ceautamed s operations. At December 31, 2022, the outstanding
amount was . 

F- 20 

SMART FOR LIFE, INC. 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

, and bears interest at and . As of December 31, 2022, the
outstanding principal balance of this lines of credit was . 

, and bears interest at . As of December 31, 2022, the outstanding
principal balance of this line of credit was . 

, and bears interest at . As of December 31, 2022, the outstanding
principal balance of this lines of credit was . 

. This loan matures in years and bears interest at a rate of . The loan is secured by all
of the Company s assets. As of December 31, 2021, the outstanding principal balance of this loan was . As of December 31,
2022, the outstanding principal balance of this loan was . 

in
PPP loans under the CARES Act. This loan bears interest at a rate of per annum and matures in . In June 2022, the loans
were forgiven under the provisions of the CARES Act. As of December 31, 2022, the outstanding principal balance of this loan was . 

in PPP loans under the CARES Act. This loan bears interest at a rate of per annum and matures in . In June
2022, was forgiven under the provision of the CARES Act. As of December 31, 2022, the outstanding balance of this loan was . 

Original issue discount secured subordinated note 

Acquisition notes 

Promissory notes and cash advances 

Revolving lines of credit 

Equipment financing loan 

EIDL loan 

PPP loans 

Debt issuance costs 

Total 

F- 21 

SMART FOR LIFE, INC. 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Total 

in excess of the Federal Deposit Insurance
Corporation coverage of per institution. The Company has not experienced any losses in such accounts. 

of revenues and one that makes up of the accounts receivable balance.
The Company s officers are closely monitoring the relationships with all customers. 

million, which will be available to offset future taxable
income. 

F- 22 

SMART FOR LIFE, INC. 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

shares of its preferred stock as series A convertible preferred stock. The series A convertible preferred stock has the following
voting powers, designations, preferences and relative rights, qualifications, limitations or restrictions: 

Holders of series A convertible preferred stock are no longer entitled to dividends.
The dividend accrual was as of December 31, 2022. 

(subject to adjustments). Notwithstanding
the foregoing, the Company shall not effect any conversion, and a holder shall not have the right to convert, any portion of the series
A convertible preferred stock to the extent that, after giving effect to the conversion, such holder (together with such holder s
affiliates) would beneficially own in excess of of the number of shares of common stock outstanding immediately after giving effect
to the issuance of shares issuable upon the conversion. This limitation may be waived (up to a maximum of by the holder and in
its sole discretion, upon not less than sixty-one (61) days prior notice to the Company. 

shares of series A convertible preferred stock and warrants for the purchase of an aggregate
of shares of common stock to certain investors for gross proceeds of . On August 18, 2021, the completed an additional
closing of this private placement in which it sold shares of series A convertible preferred stock and warrants for the purchase
of shares of common stock for gross proceeds of . 

shares of series A convertible preferred stock into shares of common stock. 

shares of common stock for compensation valued at per share. 

shares of common stock for services rendered valued at per share. 

F- 23 

SMART FOR LIFE, INC. 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

series A warrants and series
B warrants. Therefore, the Company sold shares of common stock, series A warrants and series B warrants
for total gross proceeds of . After deducting the underwriting commission and expenses, the Company received net proceeds
of . 

shares of common stock upon the conversion of the secured subordinated convertible promissory note in the principal amount of 
along with interest of issued to Justin Francisco and Steven Rubert in connection with the acquisition of Nexus. 

shares of common stock upon the conversion of the secured subordinated convertible promissory note in the principal amount of 
along with interest of issued to Sasson E. Moulavi in connection with the acquisition of DSO. 

shares of common stock upon the conversion of the convertible promissory note in the principal amount of along with
interest of issued to East West Capital LLC. 

additional shares of common stock to the stockholders of GSP and additional shares of common stock to certain vendors of GSP in
accordance with the terms of the contribution and exchange agreement described above. Based on the IPO share allocation of the unit,
it was determined that the Company would issue the additional shares. 

shares of common stock to various lenders pursuant to future equity agreements which required the Company to issue shares
of common stock upon closing of the IPO, which resulted in an interest expense of . 

shares of common stock upon the conversion of the convertible promissory note in the principal amount of along with
interest of issued to several debt holders. 

shares
of common stock to Bevilacqua PLLC upon conversion of its convertible promissory note in the principal amount of (see Note 9). 

shares
of common stock to a director upon a cashless exercise of a stock option. 

shares of common stock and prefunded warrants to purchase an aggregate of shares of common stock for an aggregate
purchase price of , or per underlying share, with a placement fee resulting in in net proceeds. 

shares of common stock to a debt holder in exchange for a debt forbearance. The shares, valued at , were based on the closing
trading price per share of on the date of the grant. 

F- 24 

SMART FOR LIFE, INC. 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

of the series B warrants were exercised on a cashless basis and the Company issued shares of common stock upon
such exercise. 

shares of common stock upon the conversion of shares of series A convertible preferred
stock. 

shares of common
stock to directors, officers, employees, and consultants who provide services to the Company. Awards that may be granted include incentive
stock options, non-qualified stock options and awards of restricted stock. 

shares
of common stock to directors, officers, employees, and consultants who provide services to the Company. Awards that may be granted include
incentive stock options, non-qualified stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted awards, performance share awards and performance
compensation awards. At December 31, 2022, there were shares of common stock available for issuance under the 2022 Plan. 

and 0 of compensation
expense related to the vesting of options during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

per share and may be exercised on a cashless basis
if the issuance of common stock upon exercise of the warrants is not covered by an effective registration statement. The exercise price
and number of shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the series A warrants may be adjusted in certain circumstances, including
in the event of a stock dividend, extraordinary dividend on or recapitalization, reorganization, merger, or consolidation. 

per share and may be exercised on a cashless basis,
whereby the holder will receive one share of common stock for each series B warrant exercised. As of December 31, 2022, of
the series B warrants were exercised on a cashless basis and the Company issued shares of common stock upon such exercise. 

F- 25 

SMART FOR LIFE, INC. 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

Granted 

Exercised 

Forfeited 

Outstanding at December 31, 

Exercisable at December 31, 

Available for issuance at December 31, 

stock options
granted. At December 31, 2022, total future compensation costs related to non-vested stock options, less estimated forfeitures, are approximately
 and will be recognized over the next . 

Granted 

Exercised 

Forfeited 

Outstanding at December 31, 

Exercisable at December 31, 

Available for issuance at December 31, 

stock options
granted. At December 31, 2021, total future compensation costs related to non-vested stock options, less estimated forfeitures, are approximately
 and will be recognized over the next . During 2020, there were stock options granted. 

Expected volatility 

Expected life (years) 

Dividend yield 

F- 26 

SMART FOR LIFE, INC. 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

-year term. Compensation ranges from to . Compensation includes annual bonuses of - if certain milestones
are met and issuance of shares of restricted common stock of which shares vest at year anniversary and remaining amount
over last 2 years of the agreement. In April 2022, the Chief Executive Officer resigned from his position. 

-year term. Compensation ranges from to . Compensation includes annual bonuses of - if certain milestones
are met. 

and , respectively, which are presented net of amounts due from
Trilogy. For the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company paid Trilogy
 and , respectively, for services rendered under a consulting agreement which are reflected in the statement of operation
as consulting fees related parties. 

. 

. 

in consideration of the amendment. The amount
is outstanding at December 31, 2022. 

in consideration of the amendment. The amount
is outstanding at December 31, 2022. 

shares of common stock upon exercises of warrants. 

. 

. The debentures contain an original
issue discount of , or an aggregate original issue discount of . As a result, the funds received was . The debentures
bear interest at a rate of per annum. 

million to be paid in a combination of cash and preferred stock. 

F- 27 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or
15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned,
thereunto duly authorized. 

Date: March 31, 2023 
 SMART FOR LIFE, INC. 

/s/ Darren C. Minton 

Name: 
 Darren C. Minton 

Title: 
 Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/ Alan B. Bergman 

Name: 
 Alan B. Bergman 

Title: 
 Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and
on the dates indicated. 

SIGNATURE 
 
 TITLE 
 
 DATE 

/s/ Darren C. Minton 
 
 Chief Executive Officer and Director 
 
 March 31, 2023 
 
 Darren C. Minton 
 
 (principal executive officer) 

/s/ Alan B. Bergman 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 March 31, 2023 
 
 Alan B. Bergman 
 
 (principal financial and accounting officer) 

/s/ Alfonso J. Cervantes, Jr. 
 
 Executive Chairman 
 
 March 31, 2023 
 
 Alfonso J. Cervantes, Jr. 

/s/ Robert S. Rein 
 
 Director 
 
 March 31, 2023 
 
 Robert S. Rein 

/s/ Arthur S. Reynolds 
 
 Director 
 
 March 31, 2023 
 
 Arthur S. Reynolds 

/s/ Roger Conley Wood 
 
 Director 
 
 March 31, 2023 
 
 Roger Conley Wood 

66 

<EX-4.1>
 2
 f10k2022ex4-1_smartforlife.htm
 DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES OF SMART FOR LIFE, INC

Exhibit 4.1 

DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES 

General 

The following description summarizes important
terms of the classes of our capital stock as of December 31, 2022. This summary does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its
entirety by the provisions of our certificate of incorporation, the certificate of designation for our series A convertible preferred
stock and our bylaws, which have been filed as exhibits to this annual report. 

Our authorized capital stock consists of 100,000,000
shares of common stock, par value 0.0001 per share, and 10,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value 0.0001 per share. 

As of December 31, 2022, there were 36,103,067
shares of common stock and 1,000 shares of series A convertible preferred stock issued and outstanding. 

Common Stock 

Dividend Rights . Subject to preferences
that may be applicable to any then-outstanding preferred stock, holders of common stock are entitled to receive ratably those dividends,
if any, as may be declared from time to time by the board of directors out of legally available funds. 

Liquidation Rights . In the event of our
liquidation, dissolution or winding up, holders of common stock will be entitled to share ratably in the net assets legally available
for distribution to stockholders after the payment of all of our debts and other liabilities and the satisfaction of any liquidation
preference granted to the holders of any then-outstanding shares of preferred stock. 

Voting Rights . The holders of common stock
are entitled to one vote for each share held of record on all matters submitted to a vote of the stockholders. Under our certificate
of incorporation and bylaws, any corporate action to be taken by vote of stockholders other than for election of directors shall be authorized
by the affirmative vote of the majority of votes cast. Directors are elected by a plurality of votes. Stockholders do not have cumulative
voting rights. 

Other Rights . Holders of common stock
have no preemptive, conversion or subscription rights and there are no redemption or sinking fund provisions applicable to the common
stock. The rights, preferences and privileges of the holders of common stock are subject to, and may be adversely affected by, the rights
of the holders of shares of any series of preferred stock. 

Preferred Stock 

Our certificate of incorporation authorizes our
board to issue up to 10,000,000 shares of preferred stock in one or more series, to determine the designations and the powers, preferences
and rights and the qualifications, limitations and restrictions thereof, including the dividend rights, conversion or exchange rights,
voting rights (including the number of votes per share), redemption rights and terms, liquidation preferences, sinking fund provisions
and the number of shares constituting the series. Our board of directors could, without stockholder approval, issue preferred stock with
voting and other rights that could adversely affect the voting power and other rights of the holders of common stock and which could
have the effect of making it more difficult for a third party to acquire, or of discouraging a third party from attempting to acquire,
a majority of our outstanding voting stock. 

Series A Convertible Preferred Stock 

On June 29, 2021, we filed a certificate of designation
with the Delaware Secretary of State to establish our series A convertible preferred stock. We designated a total of 8,000 shares of
our preferred stock as series A convertible preferred stock. Our series A convertible preferred stock has the following voting powers,
designations, preferences and relative rights, qualifications, limitations or restrictions: 

Dividend Rights. Prior to February 14,
2022, the date that the registration statement relating to the initial public offering was declared effective by the SEC (which we refer
to as the IPO date), holders of series A convertible preferred stock were entitled to receive cumulative dividends at a rate of 7.5 
of the stated value per share 1,000, subject to adjustment) per annum, which increased to 15 per annum after November 23, 2021 and
24 per annum after December 31, 2021. Holders of series A convertible preferred stock are no longer entitled to dividends. 

Liquidation Rights . Upon any liquidation,
dissolution or winding-up of our company, whether voluntary or involuntary, or upon a change of control, the holders of series A convertible
preferred stock shall be entitled to receive out of the assets of our company the same amount that a holder of common stock would receive
if the series A convertible preferred stock were fully converted (disregarding for such purposes any conversion limitations) to common
stock which amounts shall be paid pari passu with all holders of common stock. 

Voting Rights . The series A convertible
preferred stock have no voting rights except as set forth below. As long as any shares of series A convertible preferred stock are outstanding,
we shall not, without the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the then outstanding shares of the series A convertible preferred
stock, (a) alter or change adversely the powers, preferences or rights given to the series A convertible preferred stock or alter or
amend the certificate of designation, (b) authorize or create any class of stock ranking as to dividends, redemption or distribution
of assets upon a liquidation senior to, or otherwise pari passu with, the series A convertible preferred stock, (c) amend our
certificate of incorporation or other charter documents in any manner that adversely affects any rights of the holders of series A convertible
preferred stock, or (d) enter into any agreement with respect to any of the foregoing. 

Conversion Rights . Each share of series
A convertible preferred stock is convertible, at any time and from time to time from at the option of the holder thereof, into that number
of shares of common stock determined by dividing the stated value of such share of series A convertible preferred stock (plus any accrued
but unpaid dividends thereon) by the conversion price. The conversion price is initially equal 0.6667 (subject to adjustments). Notwithstanding
the foregoing, we shall not effect any conversion, and a holder shall not have the right to convert, any portion of the series A convertible
preferred stock to the extent that, after giving effect to the conversion, such holder (together with such holder s affiliates)
would beneficially own in excess of 4.99 of the number of shares of common stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to the
issuance of shares issuable upon the conversion. This limitation may be waived (up to a maximum of 9.99 by the holder and in its sole
discretion, upon not less than sixty-one (61) days prior notice to us. 

Options 

As of December 31, 2022, we have issued options
to purchase an aggregate of 2,578,000 shares of common stock under the 2020 Plan and 2022 Plan at a weighted average exercise price of
 0.33 per share. 

2 

Warrants 

On December 18, 2020, we issued a warrant for
the purchase of 1,292,445 shares of common stock to Peah Capital, LLC. This warrant is exercisable for the period commencing on January
31, 2022 and ending on December 18, 2027; provided that, the warrant will automatically expire and terminate in the event a registration
statement covering the resale of all shares issued pursuant a future equity agreement with Peah Capital, LLC has been declared effective
by the SEC. The exercise price of this warrant is 0.0001, subject to standard adjustments for stock splits, stock combinations, stock
dividends, reclassifications and similar transactions. In addition, in the event that the number of our outstanding shares of common
stock is increased prior to the 18-month anniversary of the warrant, the number of shares issuable upon exercise of the warrant shall
be automatically increased to represent that number which is 9.9 of the then total outstanding capitalization. 

In July and August 2021, we issued warrants for
the purchase of an aggregate of 11,999,404 shares of common stock at an exercise price of 6.25. Due to the issuance of common stock
in a private placement completed in December 2022 at 0.35 per share, the exercise price of these warrants was reduced to 0.35 per share
and the number of shares underlying the warrants was increased to 214,275,076 shares in accordance with the terms of the warrants. The
warrants were then amended and restated. The amended and restated warrants expire on August 14, 2027, have an exercise price of 0.35
and may be exercised on a cashless basis if there is no effective registration statement registering the shares issuable upon exercise
of the amended and restated warrants; provided that the amended and restated warrants may not be exercised in full until we have sufficient
authorized shares to accommodate such exercise. The exercise price is subject to a price-based adjustment for new issuances of securities
below the exercise price (subject to certain exceptions), as well as standard adjustments for stock splits, stock dividends, recapitalizations,
mergers and similar transactions. In addition to the foregoing, the amended and restated warrants provide that if we combine (including
by way of reverse stock split) outstanding shares of common stock into a smaller number of shares and the lowest volume weighted average
price of our common stock during the five consecutive trading days commencing on the effective date of such combination is less than
the exercise price then in effect, then the exercise price shall be reduced (but in no event increased) to such lower price. The amended
and restated warrants also contain a beneficial ownership limitation which provides that we shall
not effect any exercise, and a holder shall not have the right to exercise, any portion of a amended and restated warrants to
the extent that, after giving effect to the exercise, such holder (together with such holder s affiliates) would beneficially own
in excess of 4.99 of the number of shares of common stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance of shares issuable
upon the exercise. This limitation may be waived (up to a maximum of 9.99 by the holder and in its sole discretion, upon not less than
sixty-one (61) days prior notice to us. 

On July 1, 2021, we issued warrants for the purchase
of an aggregate of 1,078,173 shares of common stock to Dawson James Securities, Inc. and its designees as partial compensation for services
rendered in connection with our private placement of series A convertible preferred stock and loan from Diamond Creek Capital, LLC that
were completed on July 1, 2021. These warrants are exercisable for a period of five years at an exercise price of 0.6667 per share,
subject to standard adjustments for stock splits, stock combinations, stock dividends, reclassifications, mergers, consolidations, reorganizations
and similar transactions, and may be exercised on a cashless basis. 

On November 5, 2021, we issued warrants for the
purchase of 72,000 shares of common stock to Dawson James Securities, Inc. and its designees as partial compensation for services rendered
in connection with our private placement of debentures that was completed on November 5, 2021. Half to these shares, or 36,000 shares,
were subsequently forfeited by Dawson James Securities, Inc. These warrants are exercisable for a period of five years at an exercise
price of 2.50 per share, subject to standard adjustments for stock splits, stock combinations, stock dividends, reclassifications, mergers,
consolidations, reorganizations and similar transactions, and may be exercised on a cashless basis. 

In December 2021 and January 2022, we entered
into note and warrant purchase agreements with certain investors, pursuant to which we sold to such investors (i) original issue discount
secured subordinated promissory notes in the aggregate principal amount of 705,882 and (ii) warrants for the purchase of 120,000 shares
of our common stock. These warrants are excisable at any time during the three (3) year period commencing on August 18, 2022, the sixth
(6th) month anniversary of the closing of our initial public offering. The exercise price per share is 6.25, subject to standard adjustments
for stock splits, stock combinations, stock dividends, reclassifications, mergers, consolidations, reorganizations and similar transactions,
and may be exercised on a cashless basis if the market value of our common stock is greater than such exercise price. 

3 

On February 18, 2022,
we issued series A warrants for the purchase of 1,646,390 shares of common stock in connection with our initial public offering. The
series A warrants are exercisable until the fifth anniversary of the issuance date at an exercise price equal to 7.00 per share and
may be exercised on a cashless basis if the issuance of common stock upon exercise
of the warrants is not covered by an effective registration statement . The exercise price and number of shares of common stock
issuable upon exercise of the series A warrants may be adjusted in certain circumstances, including in the event of a stock dividend,
extraordinary dividend on or recapitalization, reorganization, merger or consolidation. 

On February 18, 2022, we issued series B warrants
for the purchase of 1,646,390 shares of common stock in connection with our initial public offering. Most of the series B warrants were
subsequently exercised. As of December 31, 2022, series B warrants for the purchase of 207,160 shares of common stock remain outstanding.
The series B warrants are exercisable until the fifth anniversary of the issuance date at an exercise price equal to 10.00 per share
and may be exercised on a cashless basis. In such event, the aggregate number of shares of common stock issuable in such cashless exercise
shall equal the product of (x) the aggregate number of shares of common stock that would be issuable upon exercise of the series B warrant
in accordance with its terms if such exercise were by means of a cash exercise rather than a cashless exercise and (y) 1.00. 

On December 8, 2022, we issued prefunded warrants
to purchase an aggregate of 1,574,248 shares of common stock. The prefunded warrants have a nominal exercise price of 0.0001 (subject
to standard adjustments for stock splits, stock dividends, recapitalizations, mergers and similar transactions) and may be exercised
on a cashless basis. The prefunded warrants contain a beneficial ownership limitation which provides that we shall
not effect any exercise, and a holder shall not have the right to exercise, any portion of a prefunded warrants to
the extent that, after giving effect to the exercise, such holder (together with such holder s affiliates) would beneficially own
in excess of 4.99 of the number of shares of common stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance of shares issuable
upon the exercise. This limitation may be waived (up to a maximum of 9.99 by the holder and in its sole discretion, upon not less than
sixty-one (61) days prior notice to us. 

On December 8, 2022, we also issued debenture
prefunded warrants to purchase an aggregate of 4,721,787 shares of common stock. The debenture prefunded warrants have the same terms
as the prefunded warrants; provided that they contain a one-time adjustment which provides that on the date that we complete a reverse
split of our outstanding common stock, if the lowest volume weighted average price of our common stock during the five consecutive trading
days commencing on such date, or the Market Price, is less than 0.35 (as adjusted for the reverse split), then the number of shares
issuable upon exercise of the debenture prefunded warrants shall increase to equal (i) the principal amount plus accrued but unpaid interest
of the debentures issued to the holders that was outstanding on the date of conversion thereof divided by the applicable Market Price
minus (ii) the number of shares issued upon conversion of the debentures; provided, however, that regardless of the actual Market Price,
the Market Price for purposes of this adjustment shall not be less than 0.25. 

On December 8, 2022, we issued warrants for the
purchase of an aggregate of 228,572 shares of common stock to Dawson James Securities, Inc. and its designees as partial compensation
for services rendered in connection with our private placement of common stock and prefunded warrants that was completed on such date.
These warrants are exercisable for a period of five years at an exercise price of 0.35 per share, subject to standard adjustments for
stock splits, stock combinations, stock dividends, reclassifications, mergers, consolidations, reorganizations and similar transactions,
and may be exercised on a cashless basis; provided that such exercise is subject to stockholder approval. 

Convertible Promissory Notes 

On July 29, 2022, we issued secured subordinated
convertible promissory notes in the aggregate principal amount of 2,150,000 in connection with the acquisition of Ceautamed. The notes
shall bear interest at the rate of 5 per annum with all principal and accrued interest being due and payable in one lump sum on July
29, 2025; provided that upon an event of default (as defined in the notes), such interest rate shall increase to 10 . The notes are convertible
at the option of the holder into common stock at a conversion price of 6.25; provided that the holder may not elect to convert a portion
of the outstanding principal in an amount less than the lesser of 200,000 or the remaining outstanding principal. 

4 

Anti-takeover Effects of Delaware Law and
Charter Provisions 

We have elected not to be governed by Section
203 of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware, which prohibits a publicly-held Delaware corporation from engaging in a
business combination, except under certain circumstances, with an interested stockholder. 

Our certificate of incorporation and bylaws contain
certain provisions that may have anti-takeover effects, making it more difficult for or preventing a third party from acquiring control
of our company or changing our board of directors and management. 

Our certificate of incorporation authorizes our
board of directors to issue up to 10,000,000 shares of preferred stock without further stockholder approval. The preferred stock may
be issued in one or more series, the terms of which may be determined at the time of issuance by the board of directors without further
action by the stockholders. These terms may include preferences as to dividends and liquidation, conversion rights, redemption rights
and sinking fund provisions. The issuance of any preferred stock could diminish the rights of holders of our common stock, and therefore
could reduce the value of such common stock. In addition, specific rights granted to future holders of preferred stock could be used
to restrict our ability to merge with, or sell assets to, a third party. The ability of our board of directors to issue preferred stock
could make it more difficult, delay, discourage, prevent or make it more costly to acquire or effect a change-in-control, which in turn
could prevent our stockholders from recognizing a gain in the event that a favorable offer is extended and could materially and negatively
affect the market price of our common stock. 

Our bylaws permit the board of directors to establish
the number of directors and fill any vacancies and newly created directorships. These provisions will prevent a stockholder from increasing
the size of our board of directors and gaining control of our board of directors by filling the resulting vacancies with its own nominees.
In addition, our bylaws provide that no member of our board of directors may be removed from office by our stockholders without cause
and, in addition to any other vote required by law, upon the approval of not less than the majority of the total voting power of all
of our outstanding voting stock then entitled to vote in the election of directors. 

Our bylaws establish an advance notice procedure
for stockholder proposals to be brought before an annual meeting of our stockholders, including proposed nominations of persons for election
to the board of directors. Stockholders at an annual meeting will only be able to consider proposals or nominations specified in the
notice of meeting or brought before the meeting by or at the direction of the board of directors or by a stockholder who was a stockholder
of record on the record date for the meeting, who is entitled to vote at the meeting and who has given us timely written notice, in proper
form, of the stockholder s intention to bring that business before the meeting. Although our bylaws do not give the board of directors
the power to approve or disapprove stockholder nominations of candidates or proposals regarding other business to be conducted at a special
or annual meeting, our bylaws may have the effect of precluding the conduct of certain business at a meeting if the proper procedures
are not followed or may discourage or deter a potential acquirer from conducting a solicitation of proxies to elect its own slate of
directors or otherwise attempting to obtain control of our company. 

Furthermore, neither the holders of our common
stock nor the holders of our preferred stock have cumulative voting rights in the election of our directors. The combination of the present
ownership by a few stockholders of a significant portion of our issued and outstanding common stock and lack of cumulative voting makes
it more difficult for other stockholders to replace our board of directors or for a third party to obtain control of our company by replacing
its board of directors. 

Transfer Agent and Registrar 

VStock Transfer, LLC, 18 Lafayette Place, Woodmere,
NY 11598, telephone 212-828-8436, is the transfer agent for our common stock. 

5 

</EX-4.1>

<EX-10.24>
 3
 f10k2022ex10-24_smartforlife.htm
 FIRST AMENDMENT TO LOAN AGREEMENT, DATED JUNE 29, 2022, AMONG SMART FOR LIFE, INC., BONNE SANTE NATURAL MANUFACTURING, INC., DOCTORS SCIENTIFIC ORGANICA, LLC AND DIAMOND CREEK CAPITAL, LLC

Exhibit 10.24 

FIRST AMENDMENT TO LOAN
AGREEMENT 

THIS
FIRST AMENDMENT TO THE LOAN AGREEMENT (this Amendment ), dated and effective as ofJune 30, 2022, amends the
Loan Agreement dated as ofJuly 1, 2021 by and between Smart For Life, Inc., a Delaware corporation SFL or the Company ),
and Diamond Creek Capital, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company Lender (as amended, the Loan Agreement ).
Capitalized terms used and not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings ascribed to them in the Loan Agreement (as defined below). 

WHEREAS,
the Lender, the Company (formerly, Bonne Sante Group, Inc.), Doctors Scientific Organica, LLC, a Florida limited liability company DSO ),
Bonne Sante Natural Manufacturing, Inc., a Florida corporation BSNM ), Nexus Offers, Inc., a Florida company Nexus and GSP Nutrition, Inc., a Delaware corporation GSP and together with the Company, DSO, BSNM, and Nexus the Borrower ),
are parties to (i) the Loan Agreement dated July 1, 2021,
and (ii) Security Agreement dated July 1, 2021 (the Security Agreement and together with the promissory note and any
other agreements relating thereto, the Loan Agreements ). 

1. RECITALS 

Il. WHEREAS, 
Borrower and Lender desire to amend certain terms of the Loan Agreement; 

III. WHEREAS,
 the Borrower currently has an outstanding principal balance of 1,175,000 in Loans under the Loan Agreement identified above as ofJune
30, 2022; accrued and unpaid interest on such Loans of 14,687.50 through and including June 30, 2022; an outstanding Monitoring Fee in
the amount of 1,000.00 as ofJune 30, 2022; and an earned Success Fee in the amount of 250,000.00 which is due and payable in cash on
July l, 2022. 

IV. NOW,
THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby
acknowledged, the parties, intending to be legally bound, hereby agree as follows: 

1. Definitions. 
Section 1.01 ofthe Loan Agreement is hereby amended to delete and replace the following definition: 

Maturity
Date means the earlier of (a) January 1, 2023, and (b) such earlier date on which the Loan is due and payable (whether at stated
maturity, by acceleration or otheIWise) in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. 

2. Amendments. 
Section 2.06(c) of tbe Loan Agreement has been amended such that Lender shall receive the balance of the success fee Success
Fee equal to 250,000.00 in kind effective July 1, 2022. Specifically, the earned balance of the Success Fee will be added
to the outstanding loan balance and accrue interest at the stated Interest Rate and be payable monthly on the first day of each month
that the loan remains outstanding. The unamortized portion of the principal balance of the Success Fee shall be payable in cash on the
earlier of: (i) the Maturity Date, (ii) any prepayment in full of the Loans, or (iii) a Change in Control. 

3. Waiver
Fee . Lender shall receive a Waiver Fee in the amount of 11,750.00 for agreeing to extend the Loans and agree to the aforementioned
amendments. Lender and Borrower agree that the Waiver Fee will be paid from expense deposits previously paid to Lender. 

4. Reaffirmation .
The Loan Agreement, as amended hereby, shall be and remain in full force and effect in accordance with its respective terms and hereby
is ratified and confirmed in all respects. Borrower ratifies and reaffirms the continuing effectiveness of all agreements entered into
in connection with the Agreement. Borrower confirms that after giving effect to this Amendment, an Event of Default has not occurred and
is not continuing. 

5. Loan
Agreement . Except as expressly amended and modified by this Amendment (and any prior amendments), the Loan Agreement shall remain
in full force and effect. 

6. Counterparts .
This Amendment may be executed in any number of counterparts, any of which may be executed and transmitted by facsimile or electronic
mail transmission, and each of which will be deemed to be an original of this Amendment, and all of which, when taken together, shall
be deemed to constitute one and the same agreement. 

[signature page follows] 

IN WITNESS
WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Waiver to be executed and delivered as of the date first above written. 

BORROWER: 
 
 LENDER: 

Smart for Life, Inc., 
 
 Diamond Creek Capital, LLC 
 
 a Delaware corporation 
 
 a Delaware limited liability company 

By: 
 /s/ Alfonso J. Cervantes, Jr. 
 
 By: 
 /s/ Thomas P. Harrison 
 
 Name: 
 Alfonso J. Cervantes, Jr 
 
 Name: 
 Thomas P. Harrison 
 
 Title: 
 Executive Chairman 
 
 Title: 
 Managing Partner 

Bonne Sante Natural Manufacturing, Inc., 

a Florida corporation 

By: 
 /s/ Alfonso J. Cervantes, Jr. 

Name: 
 Alfonso J. Cervantes, Jr. 

its: 
 Executive Chairman 

Doctors Scientific Organica, LLC, 

a Florida limited liability company 

By: 
 /s/ Alfonso J. Cervantes, Jr. 

Name: 
 Alfonso J. Cervantes, Jr. 

its: 
 Executive Chairman 

</EX-10.24>

<EX-10.42>
 4
 f10k2022ex10-42_smartforlife.htm
 AMENDMENT NO. 1 TO 2022 EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN

Exhibit 10.42 

AMENDMENT NO. 1 

 TO 

 SMART FOR LIFE, INC. 
2022 EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN 

The Smart for Life, Inc. Equity Incentive Plan (the Plan is hereby amended as follows: 

Section 4.1 of the Plan is hereby amended in its entirety to read as
follows: 

4.1 Subject
to adjustment in accordance with Section 11 , a total of 70,000,000 shares of Common Stock shall be available for the grant of
Awards under the Plan. Shares of Common Stock granted in connection with all Awards under the Plan shall be counted against this
limit as one (1) share of Common Stock for every one (1) share of Common Stock granted in connection with such Award. During the
terms of the Awards, the Company shall keep available at all times the number of shares of Common Stock required to satisfy such
Awards. 

Except as herein amended, the provisions of the Plan shall remain in
full force and effect. 

Effective as of March 15, 2023 

</EX-10.42>

<EX-19.1>
 5
 f10k2022ex19-1_smartforlife.htm
 INSIDER TRADING POLICY

Exhibit
19.1 

SMART
FOR LIFE, INC. 

INSIDER
TRADING POLICY 

1. PURPOSE 

This
Insider Trading Policy (this Policy states the policy with respect to transactions in the securities of Smart for
Life, Inc. (the Company ), and the handling of confidential information about the Company and other companies with
which the Company does business. The Company s Board of Directors has adopted this Policy to promote compliance with federal and
state securities laws that prohibit certain persons who are aware of material nonpublic information about a company from (i) trading
in securities of that company, or (ii) providing material nonpublic information to other persons who may trade on the basis of that information. 

2. PERSONS
 SUBJECT TO THE POLICY 

This
Policy applies to all members of the Company s Board of Directors (collectively, directors and each, a director ),
officers and employees of the Company and its subsidiaries. The Company may also determine that other persons should be subject to this
Policy, such as contractors or consultants who have access to material nonpublic information about the Company. With respect to any person
covered by this Policy, this Policy also applies to that person s family members, other members of that person s household,
and entities controlled by that person, as described below under Transactions by Family Members and Others and Transactions
by Entities That You Influence or Control. 

3. TRANSACTIONS
 SUBJECT TO THE POLICY 

This
Policy applies to transactions in the Company s securities (collectively, Company Securities ), including the
Company s common stock, restricted stock, options to purchase common stock, or any other type of security the Company may issue,
including (but not limited to) preferred stock, convertible debentures and warrants. In addition, this Policy applies to derivative securities
that are not issued by the Company but which relate to Company Securities, such as exchange-traded put or call options or swaps. This
Policy similarly applies to transactions in or relating to the securities of certain other companies with which the Company does business. 

4. INDIVIDUAL
 RESPONSIBILITY 

Persons
subject to this Policy have ethical and legal obligations to maintain the confidentiality of information about the Company and to not
engage in transactions in Company Securities while in possession of material nonpublic information. Each individual is responsible for
making sure that he or she complies with this Policy, and that any family member, household member or related entity whose transactions
are subject to this Policy, as discussed below, also comply with this Policy. In all cases, the responsibility for determining whether
an individual is in possession of material nonpublic information rests with that individual, and any action on the part of the Company,
the Administrator (as defined below) or any other employee or director pursuant to this Policy (or otherwise) does not in any way constitute
legal advice or insulate an individual from liability under applicable securities laws. You could be subject to severe legal penalties
and disciplinary action by the Company for any conduct prohibited by this Policy or applicable securities laws, as described below under
 Consequences of Violations. 

5. ADMINISTRATION
 OF THE POLICY 

The
 Administrator of this Policy is the Company s Chief Financial Officer, or such other individual designated
by the Company s Board of Directors from time to time. All determinations and interpretations by the Administrator are final and
not subject to further review. 

6. PRINCIPAL
 STATEMENT OF POLICY 

(a) Trading
in Company Securities and Disclosure of Nonpublic Information . No director, officer or other employee of the Company (or any other
person designated by this Policy or by the Administrator as subject to this Policy) who is aware of material nonpublic information relating
to the Company may, directly or indirectly through family members or other persons or entities: 

(i) engage
in transactions in Company Securities, except as otherwise specified in this Policy under the heading Limited Exceptions; 

(ii) recommend
the purchase or sale of any Company Securities; 

(iii) disclose
material nonpublic information to persons within the Company whose jobs do not require them to have that information, or to persons outside
of the Company, including, but not limited to, family, friends, business associates, investors and consultants, except as required in
the performance of regular corporate duties and only to the extent appropriate confidentiality protections are effective and the disclosure
conforms to Company policies; or 

(iv) assist
anyone engaged in the above activities. 

(b) Trading
in Securities of Other Companies . No director, officer or other employee of the Company (or any other person designated by this Policy
or by the Administrator as subject to this Policy) who, in the course of working for the Company, learns of material nonpublic
information about a company with which the Company does or intends to do business, including a customer, supplier or service
provider of the Company, may trade in that company s securities until the information becomes public or is no longer material. 

(c) No
Exceptions . There are no exceptions to this Policy, except as specifically noted herein. Transactions that may be necessary or justifiable
for independent reasons (such as the need to raise money for an emergency expenditure), or small transactions, are not excluded from
this Policy. The securities laws do not recognize any mitigating circumstances, and, in any event, even the appearance of an improper
transaction must be avoided to preserve the Company s reputation for adhering to the highest standards of conduct. 

7. DEFINITION
 OF MATERIAL NONPUBLIC INFORMATION 

(a) Material
Information . Information is considered material if a reasonable investor would consider that information important
in making a decision to buy, hold or sell securities. Any information that could be expected to impact the Company s stock
price, whether it is positive or negative, is considered material. There is no bright-line standard for assessing materiality;
rather, materiality is based on an assessment of all of the facts and circumstances, and is often evaluated by enforcement authorities
with the benefit of hindsight. While it is not possible to define all categories of material information, some examples of information
that ordinarily would be regarded as material are: 

operating
 or financial results or projections, including earnings guidance; 

analyst
 upgrades or downgrades of the Company or one of its securities; 

2 

corporate
 transactions, such as mergers, acquisitions or restructurings; 

dividend,
 share repurchase or recapitalization matters; 

debt
 or equity financing matters; 

regulatory
 matters; 

a
 change in the Board of Directors or senior management; 

a
 change in auditors or disagreements with auditors; 

impending
 bankruptcy or the existence of severe liquidity problems; 

litigation
 or regulatory proceedings and investigations; 

the
 imposition of a ban on trading in Company Securities or other securities; 

intellectual
 property and other proprietary information; and 

significant
 corporate developments, including with respect to research and development activities. 

(b) Nonpublic
Information . Information is considered nonpublic if that information has not been broadly disclosed to the marketplace,
such as by press release or a filing with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ), and/or the investing
public has not had time to fully absorb that information. Nonpublic information may include: 

information
 available to a select group of persons subject to confidentiality obligations to the Company; 

undisclosed
 facts that are the subject of rumors, even if the rumors are widely circulated; and 

information
 that has been entrusted to the Company on a confidential basis. 

As
a general rule, information should not be considered fully absorbed by the investing public until the second business day after the day
on which the information is released. If, for example, the Company makes an announcement at 9 am ET on Monday, a person subject to this
Policy should not trade in Company Securities until the market opens on Wednesday. If such an announcement were made at 6 pm ET on Monday,
the person subject to this Policy should not trade in Company Securities until the market opens on Thursday. Depending on the particular
circumstances, the Company may determine that a longer or shorter period should apply. 

8. TRANSACTIONS
 BY FAMILY MEMBERS AND OTHERS 

This
Policy applies to your family members who reside with you, anyone else who lives in your household and any family members who do not
live in your household but whose transactions in Company Securities are directed by you or are subject to your influence or control,
such as parents or children who consult with you before they trade in Company Securities (collectively, Family Members ).
You are responsible for the transactions of your Family Members and therefore should make them aware of the need to confer with you before
they trade in Company Securities, and you should treat all such transactions for the purposes of this Policy and applicable securities
laws as if the transactions were for your own account. This Policy does not, however, apply to personal securities transactions of Family
Members where the purchase or sale decision is made by a third party not controlled by, influenced by or related to you or your Family
Members. 

9. TRANSACTIONS
 BY ENTITIES THAT YOU INFLUENCE OR CONTROL 

This
Policy applies to any entities that you influence or control, including any corporations, partnerships or trusts (collectively, Controlled
Entities ), and transactions by these Controlled Entities should be treated for the purposes of this Policy and applicable
securities laws as if they were for your own account. 

3 

10. LIMITED
 EXCEPTIONS 

This
Policy does not apply in the case of the following transactions (although these transactions may nevertheless be subject to the requirements
of Section 16 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), applicable to directors and
executive officers): 

(a) Option
Exercises . This Policy does not apply generally to the exercise of an option, including a cashless exercise solely through the Company
or the exercise of a tax withholding right through the Company to satisfy tax withholding requirements. However, this Policy does apply
to any sale of stock received upon exercise of an option, including any deemed sale caused by an election to make a cashless exercise
through a broker, or any other market sale for the purpose of generating the cash necessary to pay the option exercise price. 

(b) Rule
10b5-1 Plans . Rule 10b5-1 under the Exchange Act provides a defense from insider trading liability under Rule 10b-5. In order to
be eligible to rely on this defense, a person subject to this Policy must enter into a Rule 10b5-1 plan for transactions in Company Securities
that meets certain conditions specified in the Rule (a Rule 10b5-1 Plan ). If the plan meets the requirements of
Rule 10b5-1, Company Securities may be purchased or sold without regard to certain insider trading restrictions. To comply with this
Policy, a Rule 10b5-1 Plan must be approved by the Administrator and meet the requirements of Rule 10b5-l and the Company s Guidelines
for Rule 10b5-l Plans, which are set forth in Appendix 10(b) to this Policy. In general, to ensure that a Rule 10b5-1 Plan
is entered into at a time when the person entering into the plan is not aware of material nonpublic information, it must be entered into
during an Open Trading Window. Once the plan is adopted, the person must not exercise any influence over the amount of securities to
be traded, the price at which they are to be traded or the date of the trade. The plan must either specify the amount, pricing and timing
of transactions in advance or delegate discretion on these matters to an independent third party. Any Rule 10b5-l Plan must be submitted
for approval at least five business days prior to the entry into the Rule 10b5-l Plan. No further pre-approval of transactions conducted
pursuant to the Rule 10b5-l Plan will be required. 

(c) 401(k)
Plan . This Policy does not apply to purchases of Company Securities in the Company s 401(k) plan resulting from your periodic
contribution of money to the plan pursuant to your payroll deduction election. This Policy does apply, however, to certain elections
you may make under the 401(k) plan, including: (i) an election to increase or decrease the percentage of your periodic contributions
that will be allocated to any Company stock fund; (ii) an election to make an intra-plan transfer of an existing account balance into
or out of any Company stock fund; (iii) an election to borrow money against your 401(k) plan account if the loan will result in a liquidation
of some or all of any Company stock fund balance; and (iv) an election to pre-pay a plan loan if the pre-payment will result in allocation
of loan proceeds to any Company stock fund. 

(d) Transactions
Not Involving a Purchase or Sale . Bona fide gifts are not transactions subject to this Policy, unless the person making the gift
has reason to believe that the recipient intends to sell the Company Securities while the director, officer or employee is aware of material
nonpublic information, or the person making the gift is subject to the trading restrictions specified below under Additional Procedures 
and the sales by the recipient of the Company Securities occur outside an Open Trading Window (as defined below). Further, transactions
in mutual funds that are invested in Company Securities are not transactions subject to this Policy. 

4 

11. SPECIAL
 AND PROHIBITED TRANSACTIONS 

The
Company has determined that there is a heightened legal risk and/or the appearance of improper or inappropriate conduct if the persons
subject to this Policy engage in certain types of transactions. Therefore, it is the Company s policy that any persons covered
by this Policy may not engage in any of the following transactions, or should otherwise consider the Company s preferences as described
below: 

(a) Short-Term
Trading . Short-term trading of Company Securities may be distracting to the person and may unduly focus the person on the Company s
short-term stock market performance instead of the Company s long-term business objectives. For these reasons, all persons subject
to this Policy who purchase Company Securities in the open market are discouraged from selling any Company Securities of the same class
during the six months following the purchase (or vice versa). Furthermore, such short-term trading by directors or executive officers
(as defined by Rule 16a-l) may result in short-swing profit liability under Section 16(b) of the Exchange Act. 

(b) Short
Sales . Short sales of Company Securities (i.e., the sale of a security that the seller does not own) may evidence an expectation
on the part of the seller that the securities will decline in value, and therefore have the potential to signal to the market that the
seller lacks confidence in the Company s prospects. In addition, short sales may reduce a seller s incentive to seek to improve
the Company s performance. For these reasons, short sales of Company Securities are prohibited. Furthermore, Section 16(c) of the
Exchange Act prohibits directors and executive officers (as defined by Rule 16a-l) from engaging in short sales. Short sales arising
from certain types of hedging transactions are subject to the paragraph below captioned Hedging Transactions. 

(c) Publicly-Traded
Options . Given the relatively short term of publicly-traded options, transactions in options may imply that a director, officer or
employee is trading based on material nonpublic information and focus that director s, officer s or other employee s
attention on short-term performance at the expense of the Company s long-term objectives. Accordingly, transactions in put options,
call options or other derivative securities, on an exchange or in any other organized market, are prohibited by this Policy. Option positions
arising from certain types of hedging transactions are subject to the paragraph below captioned Hedging Transactions. 

(d) Hedging
Transactions . Hedging or monetization transactions can be accomplished through a number of possible mechanisms, including through
the use of financial instruments such as prepaid variable forwards, equity swaps, collars and exchange funds. Such hedging transactions
may permit a director, officer or employee to continue to own Company Securities, but without the full risks and rewards of ownership.
When that occurs, the director, officer or employee may no longer have the same objectives as the Company s other stockholders.
Therefore, directors, officers and employees are prohibited from engaging in any such transactions. 

(e) Margin
Accounts and Pledged Securities . Securities held in a margin account as collateral for a margin loan may be sold by the broker without
the customer s consent if the customer fails to meet a margin call. Similarly, securities pledged (or hypothecated) as collateral
for a loan may be sold in foreclosure if the borrower defaults on the loan. Because a margin sale or foreclosure sale may occur at a
time when the pledgor is aware of material nonpublic information or otherwise is not permitted to trade in Company Securities, directors,
officers and other employees are prohibited from holding Company Securities in a margin account or otherwise pledging Company Securities
as collateral for a loan unless the arrangement is specifically approved in advance by the Administrator. Pledges of Company Securities
arising from certain types of hedging transactions are subject to the paragraph above captioned Hedging Transactions. 

5 

(f) Standing
and Limit Orders . Standing and limit orders (except standing and limit orders under approved Rule 10b5-1 Plans, as described above)
create heightened risks for insider trading violations similar to the use of margin accounts. There is no control over the timing of
purchases or sales that result from standing instructions to a broker, and as a result the broker could execute a transaction when a
director, officer or other employee is in possession of material nonpublic information. The Company therefore discourages placing standing
or limit orders on Company Securities. If a person subject to this Policy determines that they must use a standing order or limit order,
the order should be limited to short duration and should otherwise comply with the restrictions and procedures outlined below under the
heading Additional Procedures. 

12. ADDITIONAL
 PROCEDURES 

The
Company has established additional procedures in order to assist the Company in the administration of this Policy, to facilitate compliance
with laws prohibiting insider trading while in possession of material nonpublic information, and to avoid the appearance of any impropriety.
These additional procedures are applicable only to those individuals described below. 

(a) Pre-Clearance
Procedures . All directors, officers and key employees of the Company and its subsidiaries, as well as the Family Members and Controlled
Entities of such persons Restricted Persons ), may not engage in any transaction in Company Securities
without first obtaining pre-clearance of the transaction from the Administrator. A key employee is an individual
that has been designated as such by the Administrator due to their position in the Company and possible access to material nonpublic
information. Key employees generally include senior employees in human resources, accounting and finance functions, but may include other
employees as designated by the Administrator. The list of Restricted Persons is updated periodically by the Administrator. You will be
notified by the Administrator if you are considered a Restricted Person for purposes of this Policy. Restricted Persons should
submit a request for pre-clearance to the Administrator at least two business days in advance of the proposed transaction. The
Administrator is under no obligation to approve a transaction submitted for pre-clearance and may determine not to permit the transaction.
If a Restricted Person seeks pre-clearance and permission to engage in the transaction is denied, then he or she should refrain from
initiating any transaction in Company Securities and should not inform any other person of the restriction. 

When
a request for pre-clearance is made, the requestor should carefully consider whether he or she may be aware of any material nonpublic
information about the Company and should describe fully those circumstances to the Administrator. The requestor should also indicate
whether he or she has effected any non-exempt opposite-way transactions (e.g., an open market sale would be opposite 
any open market purchase, and vice versa) within the past six months, and should be prepared to report the proposed transaction on an
appropriate Form 4 or Form 5. The requestor should also be prepared to comply with SEC Rule 144 and file Form 144, if necessary, at the
time of any sale. 

A
request for pre-clearance must be made in writing, preferably by submission of a completed Request for Pre-Clearance in the form of Exhibit
A to this Policy. Pre-cleared transactions should be effected promptly. Requestors are required to refresh the request for pre-clearance
if a pre-cleared transaction is not effected within five business days after pre-clearance is received. 

6 

Furthermore,
requestors must immediately notify the Administrator following the execution of any transaction. 

(b) Quarterly
Trading Restrictions . Restricted Persons may not conduct any transactions involving the Company s Securities (other than as
specified by this Policy) except during an Open Trading Window. An Open Trading Window generally begins on the second
business day following the day of public release of the Company s quarterly (or annual) earnings and ends 15 calendar days prior
to the end of the then current quarter. The Administrator will notify Restricted Persons of the opening and closing of the trading window. 

(c) Event-Specific
Trading Restriction Periods . From time to time, an event may occur that is material to the Company and is known by only a few directors,
officers and/or employees. So long as the event remains material and nonpublic, the persons designated by the Administrator may not trade
Company Securities. In addition, material developments impacting the Company may occur in a particular fiscal quarter that, in the judgment
of the Administrator, make it advisable that designated persons should refrain from trading in Company Securities even during the ordinary
Open Trading Window described above. In that situation, the Administrator may notify these persons that they should not trade in the
Company s Securities, without disclosing the reason for the restriction. The existence of an event-specific trading restriction
period or the closing of the Open Trading Window will be announced by the Administrator to persons designated by the Administrator. Even
if the Administrator has not designated you a person who should not trade due to an event-specific restriction, you may not trade while
aware of material nonpublic information. Exceptions will not be granted during an event-specific trading restriction period. 

(d) Exceptions . 

(i) The
quarterly trading restrictions and event-driven trading restrictions do not apply to those transactions to which this Policy does not
apply, as described above under the heading Limited Exceptions, nor do they apply to an election to participate in an employer
plan during an open enrollment period. 

(ii) The
Administrator in his or her discretion may approve other or further exceptions to these requirements on a case-by-case basis in extraordinary
circumstances. Any request for an exception pursuant to this paragraph must be submitted in advance and in writing, and any approval
must be in writing. 

13. POST-TERMINATION
 TRANSACTIONS 

This
Policy continues to apply to transactions in Company Securities even after termination of service to the Company. If an individual is
in possession of material nonpublic information when his or her service terminates, that individual may not trade in Company Securities
until that information has become public or is no longer material. The pre-clearance procedures specified under the heading Additional
Procedures above and applicable to Restricted Persons will continue to apply for a period of six months after a termination of
service, in order to facilitate compliance with Section 16 of the Exchange Act. 

14. CONSEQUENCES
 OF VIOLATIONS 

The
purchase or sale of securities while aware of material nonpublic information, or the disclosure of material nonpublic information to
others who then trade in the Company s Securities, is prohibited by federal and state laws. Insider trading violations are pursued
vigorously by the SEC, the U.S. Department of Justice and state enforcement authorities. Punishment for insider trading violations is
severe and could include significant fines and imprisonment. While the regulatory authorities concentrate their efforts on the individuals
who trade, or who tip inside information to others who trade, the federal securities laws also impose potential liability on companies
and other controlling persons if they fail to take reasonable steps to prevent insider trading by company personnel. 

7 

In
addition, an individual s failure to comply with this Policy may subject the individual to Company-imposed sanctions, up to and
including termination of employment, whether or not the employee s failure to comply results in a violation of law. Needless to
say, a violation of law, or even an SEC investigation that does not result in prosecution, can tarnish a person s reputation and
irreparably damage a career. 

15. REPORTING
 OF VIOLATIONS 

Any
person who violates this Policy or any federal or state law governing insider trading or tipping, or who knows of or reasonably suspects
any such violation by another person, should report the matter immediately to his or her supervisor and/or to the Administrator identified
in Section 5. Employees are obligated to report suspected and actual violations of Company policy or the law. Doing so brings the concern
into the open so that it can be resolved quickly and more serious harm can be prevented. Failure to do so could result in disciplinary
action up to and including termination of employment. 

If
you encounter a situation or are considering a course of action and its appropriateness is unclear, do not hesitate to reach out the
Administrator with any questions; even the appearance of impropriety can be very damaging and should be avoided, and the Administrator
may be in the best position to provide helpful information or other resources. 

16. CERTIFICATION 

All
persons subject to this Policy may be required to certify and re-certify, from time to time, their understanding of, and intent to comply
with, this Policy. 

17. AMENDMENT 

This
Policy may be amended by the Board of Directors or any committee or designee to which the Board of Directors delegates this authority. 

The
Administrator has the authority to make determinations under, and interpretations of, this Policy, as specified in this Policy under
the heading Administration of the Policy. In addition, the Administrator is authorized to approve amendments to this Policy
that: (i) correct obvious errors (e.g., typographical or grammatical errors); (ii) are necessitated by changes in legal requirements;
(iii) are necessary to clarify the meaning of this Policy; or (iv) are administrative in nature, such as the provisions of this Policy
under the heading Additional Procedures. 

8 

Appendix
10(b) 

Guidelines
for Rule 10b5-1 Plans 

Rule
10b5-1 under the Exchange Act provides a defense from insider trading liability under Rule 10b-5. In order to be eligible to rely on
this defense, a person subject to our Insider Trading Policy must enter into a Rule 10b5-l Plan for transactions in Company Securities
(as defined in the Insider Trading Policy) that meets certain conditions specified in the Rule. If the plan meets the requirements of
Rule 10b5-l, Company Securities may be purchased or sold without regard to certain insider trading restrictions. In general, a Rule 10b5-l
Plan must be entered into at a time when the person entering into the plan is not aware of material nonpublic information. Once the plan
is adopted, the person must not exercise any influence over the amount of securities to be traded, the price at which they are to be
traded or the date of the trade. The plan must either specify the amount, pricing and timing of transactions in advance or delegate discretion
on these matters to an independent third party. 

As
specified in the Company s Insider Trading Policy, a Rule 10b5-l Plan must be approved by the Administrator and meet the requirements
of Rule 10b5-l and these guidelines. Any Rule 10b5-l Plan must be submitted for approval at least five business days prior to the entry
into the Rule 10b5-l Plan. Once a 10b5-1 Plan is approved, no further pre-approval of transactions conducted pursuant to the plan will
be required. 

The
following guidelines apply to all Rule 10b5-l Plans: 

You
 may not enter into, modify or terminate a trading program outside of an Open Trading Window
 or while in possession of material nonpublic information. 

All
 Rule 10b5-l Plans must have a duration of at least six months and no more than two years. 

If
 a Rule 10b5-l Plan is terminated, you must wait at least 30 days before trading outside of
 the Rule 10b5-l Plan. 

If
 a trading program is terminated, you must wait until the commencement of the next Open Trading
 Window before a new Rule 10b5-l Plan may be adopted. 

You
 may not commence sales under a trading program until at least 30 days following the date
 of establishment of a trading program. Any modification of a trading program must not take
 effect for at least 30 days from the date of modification. 

You
 may not enter into any transaction in Company Securities while the Rule 10b5- l Plan is in
 effect. 

The
approval or adoption of a Rule 10b5-l Plan in no way reduces or eliminates a person s obligations under Section 16 of the Exchange
Act, including disclosure obligations and liability for short-swing profits. Persons subject to Section 16 of the Exchange Act should
consult with their own counsel in implementing a Rule 10b5-l Plan. 

Capitalized
 terms used but not defined herein have the meanings ascribed to them in the Smart for Life,
 Inc. Insider Trading Policy. 

9 

Exhibit
A 

Request
for Pre-Clearance 

For
pre-clearance to transact in Company Securities. 

Upon
executing a transaction, Restricted Persons must immediately notify the Company. 

Transaction
 Vehicle (check one) 
 Transaction
 Initiated By (check one) 
 
 Open
 Market Transaction 
 Employee
 or immediate family member directly 
 
 Equity
 Compensation Plan 
 Court
 or government decree (e.g., divorce decree) 
 
 Other
 (specify): 
 Broker
 (provide name, firm, telephone and e-mail): 

Type
 of Transaction (check one) 
 
 Purchase
 or acquire common stock 
 
 Sell
 or dispose of common stock 
 
 Move
 Company Securities from one account to another (e.g., in or out of a trust) 
 
 Dispose
 of fractional shares 
 
 Pledge
 Company Securities for margin account, or otherwise 
 
 Exercise
 options without subsequent sale 
 
 Exercise
 options with subsequent sale (e.g., a cashless exercise 
 
 Other (describe): 

Transaction
 Detail (provide the following information) 
 
 Number of securities: 

Estimated share
 price: 

Contemplated execution
 date: 

Date of your last
 opposite way transaction : 

Certification 

I
certify that I have fully disclosed the information requested in this form, I have read the Smart for Life, Inc. Insider Trading Policy,
I am not in possession of material nonpublic information, and to the best of my knowledge and belief the proposed transaction will not
violate the Smart for Life, Inc. Insider Trading Policy. 

(Sign Above) 

(Print Name Above) 

(Date) 

Capitalized
 terms used but not defined herein have the meanings ascribed to them in the Smart for Life,
 Inc. Insider Trading Policy. 

If
 a Section 16 insider buys and sells (or sells and buys) Company Securities within a six-month
 time frame and such transactions are not exempt under SEC rules, the two transactions can
 be matched for purposes of Section 16. The insider may be sued and will be
 strictly liable for any profits made, regardless of whether the insider was in possession
 of material nonpublic information . 

10 

</EX-19.1>

<EX-21.1>
 6
 f10k2022ex21-1_smartforlife.htm
 SUBSIDIARIES OF SMART FOR LIFE, INC

Exhibit 21.1 

LIST OF SUBSIDIARIES 

Name of Subsidiary 
 Jurisdiction of Organization 
 Percentage of 
 Ownership 
 
 Bonne Sante Natural Manufacturing, Inc. 
 Florida 
 100 
 
 Doctors Scientific Organica, LLC 
 Florida 
 100 
 
 Oyster Management Services, L.L.C. 
 Florida 
 100 
 
 U.S. Medical Care Holdings, L.L.C. 
 Florida 
 100 
 
 Lawee Enterprises, L.L.C. 
 Florida 
 100 
 
 Lavi Enterprises, LLC 
 Florida 
 100 
 
 Smart for Life Canada Inc. 
 Canada 
 100 
 
 Nexus Offers, Inc. 
 Florida 
 100 
 
 GSP Nutrition Inc. 
 Delaware 
 100 
 
 Ceautamed Worldwide LLC 
 Florida 
 100 
 
 Wellness Watchers Global, LLC 
 Florida 
 100 
 
 Greens First Female LLC 
 Florida 
 100 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 7
 f10k2022ex23-1_smartforlife.htm
 CONSENT OF DASZKAL BOLTON LLP

Exhibit 23.1 

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM 

Smart for Life, Inc. 

 Fort Lauderdale, Florida 

We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference
in the Registration Statements on Form S-8 (Nos. 333-263018 and 333-263019) of Smart for Life, Inc. of our report, dated March 31, 2023,
relating to the consolidated financial statements of Smart for Life, Inc. at and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, which
appear in this Form 10-K. 

/s/ Daszkal Bolton, LLP 

Fort Lauderdale, Florida 

 March 31, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 8
 f10k2022ex31-1_smartforlife.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

 CERTIFICATIONS 

I, Darren C. Minton, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this annual
report on Form 10-K of Smart for Life, Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this
report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made,
in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the
financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial
condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other
certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange
Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f))
for the registrant and have: 

a) Designed such disclosure controls
and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information
relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly
during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) Designed
such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision,
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) Evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

d) Disclosed in this report any
change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal
quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably
likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other
certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the
registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent
functions): 

a) All significant deficiencies
and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely
affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) Any fraud, whether or not material,
that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 31, 2023 

/s/ Darren C. Minton 

Darren C. Minton 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 9
 f10k2022ex31-2_smartforlife.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.2 

 CERTIFICATIONS 

I, Alan B. Bergman, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this annual
report on Form 10-K of Smart for Life, Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this
report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made,
in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the
financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial
condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other
certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange
Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f))
for the registrant and have: 

a) Designed such disclosure controls
and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information
relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly
during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) Designed
such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision,
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) Evaluated the effectiveness
of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of
the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) Disclosed in this report any
change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal
quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably
likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other
certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the
registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent
functions): 

a) All significant deficiencies
and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely
affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) Any fraud, whether or not material,
that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 31, 2023 

/s/ Alan B. Bergman 

Alan B. Bergman 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 10
 f10k2022ex32-1_smartforlife.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION
1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 
OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

The undersigned Chief Executive
Officer of SMART FOR LIFE, INC. (the Company ), DOES HEREBY CERTIFY that: 

1. The Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year
ended December 31, 2022 (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934; and 

2. Information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all
material respects, the financial condition and results of operation of the Company. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned
has executed this statement on March 31, 2023. 

/s/ Darren C. Minton 

Darren C. Minton 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

A signed original of this written statement required
by Section 906 has been provided to Smart for Life, Inc. and will be retained by Smart for Life, Inc. and furnished to the Securities
and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

The forgoing certification is being furnished
to the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350. It is not being filed for purposes of Section 18
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and is not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of the Company, whether
made before or after the date hereof, regardless of any general incorporation language in such filing. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 11
 f10k2022ex32-2_smartforlife.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION
1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 
OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

The undersigned Chief Financial
Officer of SMART FOR LIFE, INC. (the Company ), DOES HEREBY CERTIFY that: 

1. The Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year
ended December 31, 2022 (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934; and 

2. Information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all
material respects, the financial condition and results of operation of the Company. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned
has executed this statement on March 31, 2023. 

/s/ Alan B. Bergman 

Alan B. Bergman 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

A signed original of this written statement required
by Section 906 has been provided to Smart for Life, Inc. and will be retained by Smart for Life, Inc. and furnished to the Securities
and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

The forgoing certification is being furnished
to the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350. It is not being filed for purposes of Section 18
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and is not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of the Company, whether
made before or after the date hereof, regardless of any general incorporation language in such filing. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 14
 smfl-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 15
 smfl-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 16
 smfl-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 17
 smfl-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 18
 smfl-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

