<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230224_10-K_edgar_data_1529864_0000950170-23-004381.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>28683005</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>871926</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>3663538</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>15296562</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2759598</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>5401851</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>15</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000950170-23-004381.hdr.sgml : 20230224
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230224162041
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000950170-23-004381
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		125
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230224
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230224

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Enova International, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001529864
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PERSONAL CREDIT INSTITUTIONS [6141]
		IRS NUMBER:				453190813
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-35503
		FILM NUMBER:		23667627

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		175 WEST JACKSON BLVD.
		STREET 2:		SUITE 1000
		CITY:			CHICAGO
		STATE:			IL
		ZIP:			60604
		BUSINESS PHONE:		312-568-4200

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		175 WEST JACKSON BLVD.
		STREET 2:		SUITE 1000
		CITY:			CHICAGO
		STATE:			IL
		ZIP:			60604

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000950170-23-004381.txt : 20230224

10-K
 1
 enva-20221231.htm
 10-K

10-K 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended 
 OR 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from to 
 Commission File Number 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 
 
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

, 

(Address of principal executive offices) 
 
 (Zip Code) 

Registrant s telephone number, including area code: 
 
 Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of Each Class 
 Trading Symbol(s) 
 Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered 

Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 
 None 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter time that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Accelerated filer 

Non-accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management's assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No 
 The aggregate market value of 31,203,162 shares of the registrant s common stock, par value 0.00001 per share, held by non-affiliates on June 30, 2022 was approximately . 
 At February 22, 2023 there were shares of the registrant s Common Stock, 0.00001 par value per share, outstanding. 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

ENOVA INTERNATIONAL, INC. 
 YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 INDEX TO FORM 10-K 

PART I 

Item 1. 
 
 Business 

1 

Item 1A. 
 
 Risk Factors 

15 

Item 1B. 
 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 

38 

Item 2. 
 
 Properties 

38 

Item 3. 
 
 Legal Proceedings 

38 

Item 4. 
 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 

38 

PART II 

Item 5. 
 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Shareholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

39 

Item 6. 
 
 Reserved 

41 

Item 7. 
 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

42 

Item 7A. 
 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 

60 

Item 8. 
 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

61 

Item 9. 
 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 

102 

Item 9A. 
 
 Controls and Procedures 

102 

Item 9B. 
 
 Other Information 

102 

Item 9C. 
 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 

102 

PART III 

Item 10. 
 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 

103 

Item 11. 
 
 Executive Compensation 

103 

Item 12. 
 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Shareholder Matters 

103 

Item 13. 
 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 

103 

Item 14. 
 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 

104 

PART IV 

Item 15. 
 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 

105 

Item 16. 
 
 Form 10-K Summary 

111 

SIGNATURES 

112 

CAUTIONARY NOTE CONCERNING FACTORS THAT MAY AFFECT FUTURE RESULTS 
 This report contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. You should not place undue reliance on these statements. These forward-looking statements give current expectations or forecasts of future events and reflect the views and assumptions of senior management with respect to the business, financial condition, operations and prospects of Enova International, Inc. and its subsidiaries (collectively, the Company ). When used in this report, terms such as believes, estimates, should, could, would, plans, expects, intends, anticipates, may, forecast, project and similar expressions or variations as they relate to the Company or its management are intended to identify forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements address matters that involve risks and uncertainties that are beyond the ability of the Company to control and, in some cases, predict. Accordingly, there are or will be important factors that could cause the Company s actual results to differ materially from those indicated in these statements. Key factors that could cause the Company s actual financial results, performance or condition to differ from the expectations expressed or implied in such forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, the following: 
 the effect of laws and regulations targeting our industry that directly or indirectly regulate or prohibit our operations or render them unprofitable or impractical; 

the effect of and compliance with domestic and international consumer credit, tax and other laws and government rules and regulations applicable to our business, including changes in such laws, rules and regulations, or changes in the interpretation or enforcement thereof, and the regulatory and examination authority of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau with respect to providers of consumer financial products and services in the United States; 

the effect of and compliance with enforcement actions, orders and agreements issued by applicable regulators, such as the January 2019 Consent Order issued by the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau; 

changes in federal or state laws or regulations, or judicial decisions involving licensing or supervision of commercial lenders, interest rate limitations, the enforceability of choice of law provisions in loan agreements, the validity of bank sponsor partnerships, the use of brokers or other significant changes; 

our ability to process or collect loans and finance receivables through the Automated Clearing House system; 

the deterioration of the political, regulatory or economic environment in countries where we operate or in the future may operate; 

the actions of third parties who provide, acquire or offer products and services to, from or for us; 

public and regulatory perception of the consumer loan business, small business financing and our business practices; 

the effect of any current or future litigation proceedings and any judicial decisions or rulemaking that affects us, our products or the legality or enforceability of our arbitration agreements; 

changes in demand for our services, changes in competition and the continued acceptance of the online channel by our customers; 

changes in our ability to satisfy our debt obligations or to refinance existing debt obligations or obtain new capital to finance growth; 

a prolonged interruption in the operations of our facilities, systems and business functions, including our information technology and other business systems; 

compliance with laws and regulations applicable to our international operations, including anti-corruption laws such as the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and international anti-money laundering, trade and economic sanctions laws; 

our ability to attract and retain qualified officers; 

cyber-attacks or security breaches; 

acts of God, war or terrorism, pandemics and other events; 

interest rate and foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations; 

changes in the capital markets, including the debt and equity markets; 

the effect of any of the above changes on our business or the markets in which we operate; 

the risk that the Company will not successfully integrate acquired companies or that costs associated with the integration are higher than anticipated; 

the risk that the cost savings, synergies, growth and cash flows from acquisitions will not be fully realized or will take longer to realize than expected; 

litigation risk related to acquisitions; and 

other risks and uncertainties described herein. 

The foregoing list of factors is not exhaustive and new factors may emerge or changes to these factors may occur that would impact the Company s business and cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in any of our forward-looking statements. Additional information regarding these and other factors may be contained in the Company s filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ), including on Forms 10-Q and 8-K. Readers of this report are encouraged to review all of the Risk Factors contained in Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors to obtain more detail about the Company s risks and uncertainties. All forward-looking statements involve risks, assumptions and uncertainties. The occurrence of the events described, and the achievement of the expected results, depends on many events, some or all of which are not predictable or within the Company s control. If one or more events related to these or other risks or uncertainties materialize, or if management s underlying assumptions prove to be incorrect, actual results may differ materially from what the Company anticipates. The forward-looking statements in this report are made as of the date of this report, and the Company disclaims any intention or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances occurring after the date of this report. All forward-looking statements in this report are expressly qualified in their entirety by the foregoing cautionary statements. 

P ART I 

I TEM 1. BUSINESS 
 Overview 
 We are a leading technology and analytics company focused on providing online financial services. In 2022, we extended approximately 4.5 billion in credit or financing to borrowers. As of December 31, 2022, we offered or arranged loans or draws on lines of credit to consumers in 37 states in the United States and Brazil. We also offered financing to small businesses in all 50 states and Washington D.C. in the United States. We use our proprietary technology, analytics and customer service capabilities to quickly evaluate, underwrite and fund loans or provide financing, allowing us to offer consumers and small businesses credit or financing when and how they want it. Our customers include the large and growing number of consumers who and small businesses which have bank accounts but use alternative financial services because of their limited access to more traditional credit from banks, credit card companies and other lenders. We were an early entrant into online lending, launching our online business in 2004, and through December 31, 2022, we have completed approximately 57.8 million customer transactions and collected approximately 60 terabytes of currently accessible customer behavior data since launch, allowing us to better analyze and underwrite our specific customer base. We have significantly diversified our business over the past several years having expanded the markets we serve and the financing products we offer. These financing products include installment loans and receivables purchase agreements RPAs and line of credit accounts. 
 We believe our customers highly value our products and services as an important component of their personal or business finances because our products are convenient, quick and often less expensive than other available alternatives. We attribute the success of our business to our advanced and innovative technology systems, the proprietary analytical models we use to predict the performance of loans and finance receivables, our sophisticated customer acquisition programs, our dedication to customer service and our talented employees. 
 We have developed proprietary underwriting systems based on data we have collected over our more than 18 years of experience. These systems employ advanced risk analytics, including machine learning and artificial intelligence, to decide whether to approve financing transactions, to structure the amount and terms of the financings we offer pursuant to jurisdiction-specific regulations and to provide customers with their funds quickly and efficiently. Our systems closely monitor collection and portfolio performance data that we use to continually refine machine learning-enabled analytical models and statistical measures used in making our credit, purchase, marketing and collection decisions. Approximately 90 of models used in our analytical environment are machine learning-enabled. 
 Our flexible and scalable technology platforms allow us to process and complete customers transactions quickly and efficiently. In 2022, we processed approximately 2.5 million transactions, and we continue to grow our loan and finance receivables portfolio and increase the number of customers we serve through desktop, tablet and mobile platforms. Our highly customizable technology platforms allow us to efficiently develop and deploy new products to adapt to evolving regulatory requirements and consumer preference, and to enter new markets quickly. In 2012, we launched a new product in the United States designed to serve near-prime customers. In 2014, we launched our business in Brazil, where we arrange financing for borrowers through a third-party lender. In addition, in 2014, we introduced a new line of credit product in the United States to serve the needs of small businesses. In 2015, we further expanded our product offering by acquiring certain assets of a company that provides financing and installment loans to small businesses by offering RPAs. In October 2020, we acquired, through a merger, On Deck Capital Inc. OnDeck ), a small business lending company offering lending and funding solutions to small businesses in the U.S., Australia and Canada, to expand our small business offerings. In March 2021, we acquired Pangea Universal Holdings Pangea ), which provides mobile international money transfer services to customers in the U.S with a focus on Latin America and Asia. These new products have allowed us to further diversify our product offerings and customer base. 
 We have been able to consistently acquire new customers and successfully generate repeat business from returning customers when they need financing. We believe our customers are loyal to us because they are satisfied with our products and services. We acquire new customers from a variety of sources, including visits to our own websites, mobile sites or applications, and through direct marketing, affiliate marketing, lead providers and relationships with other lenders. We believe that the online convenience of our products and our 24/7 availability to accept applications with quick approval decisions are important to our customers. 
 Once a potential customer submits an application, we quickly provide a credit or purchase decision. If a loan or financing is approved, we or our lending partner typically fund the loan or financing the next business day or, in some cases, the same day. During the entire process, from application through payment, we provide access to our well-trained customer service team. All of our operations, from customer acquisition through collections, are structured to build customer satisfaction and loyalty, in the event that a customer has a need for our products in the future. We have developed a series of sophisticated proprietary scoring models to support our various products. We believe that these models are an integral component of our operations and allow us to complete a high volume of customer transactions while actively managing risk and the related credit quality of our loan and finance receivable portfolios. We believe our successful application of these technological innovations differentiates our capabilities relative to competing platforms as evidenced by our history of strong growth and stable credit quality. 
 1 

Products and Services 
 Our online financing products and services provide customers with a deposit of funds to their bank account in exchange for a commitment to repay the amount deposited plus fees, interest and/or revenue on the receivables purchased. We originate, arrange, guarantee or purchase installment loans, line of credit accounts and RPAs to consumers and small businesses. We have one reportable segment that includes all of our online financial services. 
 Installment loans . Certain subsidiaries (i) directly offer installment loans, (ii) as part of our Bank Programs, purchase or purchase a participating interest in, installment loans or (iii) as part of our CSO program, arrange and guarantee installment loans, as discussed below. Certain subsidiaries offer, or arrange through our Bank Programs and CSO program, unsecured consumer installment loan products in 37 states in the United States and small business installment loans in 47 states and in Washington D.C. Internationally, we also offer or arrange unsecured consumer installment loan products in Brazil. Terms for our installment loan products range between two and 60 months. Loans may be repaid early at any time with no additional prepayment charges. 
 Line of credit accounts . Certain subsidiaries directly offer, or purchase a participation interest in receivables through our Bank Programs, new consumer line of credit accounts in 31 states (and continue to service existing line of credit accounts in two additional states) in the United States and business line of credit accounts in 47 states and in Washington D.C. in the United States, which allow customers to draw on their unsecured line of credit in increments of their choosing up to their credit limit. Customers may pay off their account balance in full at any time or make required minimum payments in accordance with the terms of the line of credit account. As long as the customer s account is in good standing and has credit available, customers may continue to borrow on their line of credit. 
 Receivables purchase agreements . Under RPAs, small businesses receive funds in exchange for a portion of the business s future receivables at an agreed upon discount. In contrast, lending is a commitment to repay principal and interest and/or fees. A small business customer who enters into an RPA commits to delivering a percentage of its receivables through ACH or wire debits or by splitting credit card receipts until all purchased receivables are delivered. We offer RPAs in all 50 states and in Washington D.C. in the United States. 
 CSO program . We currently operate a credit services organization or credit access business CSO program in Texas. Through our CSO program, we provide services related to third-party lenders installment consumer loan products by acting as a credit services organization or credit access business on behalf of consumers in accordance with applicable state laws. Services offered under our CSO program include credit-related services such as arranging loans with independent third-party lenders and assisting in the preparation of loan applications and loan documents CSO loans ). When a consumer executes an agreement with us under our CSO program, we agree, for a fee payable to us by the consumer, to provide certain services, one of which is to guarantee the consumer s obligation to repay the loan received by the consumer from the third-party lender if the consumer fails to do so. For CSO loans, each lender is responsible for providing the criteria by which the consumer s application is underwritten and, if approved, determining the amount of the consumer loan. We, in turn, are responsible for assessing whether or not we will guarantee such loan. The guarantee represents an obligation to purchase the loan, which has terms of up to six months, if it goes into default. 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the outstanding amount of active and current consumer loans originated by third-party lenders under the CSO programs was 15.6 million and 13.8 million, respectively, which were guaranteed by us. 
 Bank programs. Certain subsidiaries operate programs with certain banks to provide marketing services and loan servicing for near-prime unsecured consumer installment loans and, beginning in January 2021, line of credit accounts. Under the programs, those subsidiaries receive marketing and servicing fees. The bank has the ability to sell, and the participating subsidiaries have the option, but not the requirement, to purchase, the loans or a participating interest in receivables the bank originates. We do not guarantee the performance of the loans and line of credit accounts originated by the bank. As part of the OnDeck business both prior and subsequent to Enova s acquisition, OnDeck operates a program with a separate bank to provide marketing services and loan servicing for small business installment loans and line of credit accounts. Under the OnDeck program, we receive marketing fees while the bank receives origination fees and certain program fees. The bank has the ability to sell and we have the option, but not the requirement, to purchase the installment loans the bank originates and, in the case of line of credit accounts, extensions under those line of credit accounts. We do not guarantee the performance of the loans or line of credit accounts originated by the bank. 
 Our Markets 
 We currently provide our services in the following countries: 
 United States. We began our online business in the United States in May 2004. As of December 31, 2022, we provided services in all 50 states and Washington D.C. We market our financing products under the names CashNetUSA at www.cashnetusa.com, NetCredit at www.netcredit.com, OnDeck at www.ondeck.com, Headway Capital at www.headwaycapital.com, The Business Backer at www.businessbacker.com, and Pangea at www.pangeamoneytransfer.com. The United States represented 99.2 of our total revenue in 2022 and 98.1 of our total revenue in 2021. 
 2 

Brazil. In June 2014, we launched our business in Brazil under the name Simplic at www.simplic.com.br, where we arrange unsecured consumer installment loans for a third-party lender. We plan to continue to invest in and expand our financial services program in Brazil. Brazil represented 0.7 of total revenue in 2022 and 1.0 of total revenue in 2021. 
 Key Financial and Operating Metrics 
 We have achieved significant growth since we began our online business as we have expanded our product offerings organically and through strategic acquisitions. We measure our business using several financial and operating metrics. Our key metrics include combined loans and finance receivables outstanding, in addition to other measures described under Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 The breakout of the combined loans and finance receivables and revenue of our product offerings is set forth below: 
 
 Our Industry 
 The internet has transformed how consumers and small businesses shop for and acquire products and services. According to a study by the United Nations, 66 of the world s population had access to the internet in 2022, a 3 increase from 2021. Cisco s annual Internet Report reported that global internet usage is expected to increase at a pace of 6 through 2023. Accompanying the rise in internet usage is the continued disruption of storefront retail by e-commerce companies like Amazon, as consumers flock to purchase goods and interact with businesses online. The U.S. Census Bureau Department of Commerce reported e-commerce saw a 10.8 increase in the third quarter of 2022 compared to 2021. According to the U.S. Census Bureau, e-commerce sales as a percent of total quarterly retail sales in the United States accounted for 14.8 in the third quarter of 2022. In addition, a number of traditional financial services, such as banking, bill payment and investing, have become widely available online. An October 2022 report by the American Bankers Association found that approximately 72 of bank customers in a U.S. sample have used mobile apps or online banking as a means of accessing banking services in the past 12 months. This level of use highlights the extent to which consumers now accept the internet for conducting their financial transactions and are willing to entrust their financial information to online companies. We believe the increased acceptance of online financial services has led to an increased demand for online lending and financing, the benefits of which include customer privacy, easy access, security, 24/7 availability to apply for a loan or financing, speed of funding and transparency of fees and interest. 
 We use the internet to serve the large and growing number of underbanked consumers and small businesses that have bank accounts but use alternative financial services because of their limited access to more traditional credit from banks, credit card companies and other lenders. In its Report on the Economic Well-Being of U.S. Households in 2021 published in May 2022, the Federal Reserve noted that relatively small, unexpected expenses, such as a car repair or a modest medical bill, can be a hardship for many families and that, when faced with a hypothetical expense of 400, 32 percent of adults said they could not cover it completely using cash, savings or a credit card paid off at the end of the month, revealing the need for alternative sources. The onset and continued impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic have exacerbated financial disruptions for many working-class individuals. According to the same 2022 report by the Federal Reserve a sizable portion of the population (19 is unbanked or underbanked. In 2021, the Federal Reserve reported a 1 decrease in the origination of new credit over the past 12 months. 
 Small businesses are also suffering from lack of access to credit from traditional lenders. Among a sample of small businesses surveyed for the U.S. Census Bureau April 2022 Small Business Pulse Survey, 66 reported that the pandemic had a negative effect on their business. According to a 2022 study by the Federal Reserve Banks, 61 of employer firms used personal funds to address their 
 3 

business s financial challenges. In 2021, 77 of employer firms applied for some type of emergency funding. Online lending and funding options are emerging as a solution for small businesses that are seeking capital. The Federal Reserve found that 10 of small businesses surveyed applied for credit from online lenders. 
 We believe that consumers and small businesses seek online lending services for numerous reasons, including because they often: 
 prefer the simplicity, transparency and convenience of these services; 

require access to financial services outside of normal financial services storefront hours; 

have an immediate need for cash for financial challenges and unexpected expenses; 

have been unable to access certain traditional lending or other credit services; 

seek an alternative to the high cost of bank overdraft fees, credit card and other late payment fees and utility late payment fees or disconnect and reconnection fees; and 

wish to avoid potential negative credit consequences of missed payments with traditional creditors. 

Our Customers 
 Our non-prime consumer base is comprised largely of individuals living in households that earn an average annual income of 44,000 in the United States. The non-prime lending market is sizable in the United States and Brazil. We estimate there is a 77 billion consumer lending opportunity market in the United States. In Brazil, we estimate there to be a 43 billion consumer loans market. Small business lending is also an attractive market opportunity, with an estimated total U.S. small business loan market of 372 billion. Tighter banking regulations have forced banks to vacate the U.S. market for loans under 1 million. According to a 2021 study by the Federal Reserve Banks, loans under 250 thousand accounted for 71 of all small business loan applications. Our small business customers have median annual sales of approximately 577 thousand and average operating history of 10.7 years. 
 Our Competitive Strengths 
 We believe that the following competitive strengths position us well for continued growth: 
 Significant operating history and first mover advantage. As an early entrant in the online lending sector, we have accumulated approximately 60 terabytes of currently accessible consumer behavior data from more than 57 million transactions. This database allows us to market to a customer base with an established borrowing history as well as to better evaluate and underwrite new customers, leading to better loan performance. In order to develop a comparable database, we believe that competitors would need to incur high marketing and customer acquisition costs, overcome customer brand loyalties and have sufficient capital to withstand higher early losses associated with unseasoned loan portfolios. Additionally, we are licensed in all jurisdictions that require licensing and believe that it would be difficult and time-consuming for a new entrant to obtain such licenses. We have also created strong brand recognition over our more than 18 years of operating history and we continue to invest in our brands, such as CashNetUSA, NetCredit, OnDeck, Headway Capital, The Business Backer, Simplic and Pangea, to further increase our visibility. 

Proprietary analytics, data and underwriting . We have developed a fully integrated decision engine that evaluates and rapidly makes credit and other determinations throughout the customer relationship, including automated decisions regarding marketing, underwriting, customer contact and collections. Our decision engine currently handles more than 100 algorithms and over 1,000 variables. These algorithms are constantly monitored, validated, updated and optimized to continuously improve our operations. Our machine learning-enabled proprietary models are built on over 18 years of lending history, using advanced statistical methods that take into account our experience with the millions of transactions we have processed during that time and the use of data from numerous third-party sources. Since we designed our system specifically for our specialized products, we believe our system provides more predictive assessments of future loan behavior than traditional credit assessments, such as the Fair Isaac Corporation score FICO score ), and therefore, results in better evaluation of our customer base. With the acquisition of OnDeck in 2020, we have added a loan decision process, including the proprietary OnDeck Score , which provides us with significant visibility and predictability to assess the creditworthiness of small businesses and allows us to better serve more customers across more industries. 

Scalable and flexible technology platforms. Our proprietary technology platforms are designed to be powerful enough to handle the large volume of data required to evaluate customer applications and flexible enough to capitalize on changing customer preferences, market trends and regulatory requirements. These platforms have enabled us to achieve significant growth as we expanded our product offerings. We began offering installment loans in the United States in 2008, then added line of credit products in 2010 and have experienced significant growth since. Due to the scalability of our platform, we were able to achieve this growth without significant investment in additional infrastructure, and over the past three years, capital expenditures have 

4 

averaged only 2.6 of revenue per year. We expect our advanced technology and underwriting platform to help continue to drive significant growth in our business. 

Customer First Approach. We believe that non-prime credit consumers and small businesses are not adequately served by traditional lenders. To better serve these consumers and small businesses, we use customer-focused business practices, including extended-hours availability of our customer service team by phone, email and web chat. We continuously work to improve customer satisfaction by evaluating information from website analytics, customer surveys, contact center feedback and focus groups. Our contact center teams receive training on a regular basis and are monitored by quality assurance managers. We believe customers who wish to access credit or financing again often return to us because of our dedication to customer service, the transparency of our fees and interest charges and our adherence to trade association best practices. With the acquisition of OnDeck, we have added another business with a strong culture for delivering a quality customer experience. OnDeck has a 4.7 Excellent TrustScore on Trustpilot as of January 2023. Trustpilot is an online customer review platform that hosts 120+ million reviews of businesses worldwide who use it for insights into customer satisfaction. A TrustScore is calculated on a scale from 1 to 5 giving more weight to newer reviews. OnDeck s score places it at the upper end of customer satisfaction ratings in the non-bank financial services industry. OnDeck has also consistently achieved an A+ rating from the Better Business Bureau. 

Diligent regulatory compliance. We conduct our business in a highly regulated industry. We are focused on regulatory compliance and have devoted significant resources to comply with laws that apply to us. We tailor our lending products and services to comply with the specific requirements of each of the jurisdictions in which we operate, including laws and regulations relating to interest, fees, loan durations and renewals or extensions, loan amounts, disclosures and underwriting requirements. Our compliance experience and proprietary technology platform allow us to launch new products and to enter new geographic regions with a focus on compliance with applicable laws and customer protection. We are members of industry trade groups, including the Online Lenders Alliance in the United States, which have promulgated best practices for our industry that we have adopted, and the Innovative Lending Platform Association, a leading trade organization representing a diverse group of online lending and service companies serving small businesses. The flexibility of our online platform enables us to rapidly adapt our products as necessary to comply with changes in regulation, without the need for costly and time-consuming retraining of store-based employees and other expenses faced by our storefront competitors. 

Proven history of growth and profitability. Over the last five years, we grew the principal balance of our loans and finance receivables at a compound annual growth rate of 33.2 , from 870.5 million as of December 31, 2018 to 2,739.2 million as of December 31, 2022. Over the same period, our revenue grew at a compound annual growth rate of 15.6 , from 972.6 million in 2018 to 1,736.1 million in 2022, our net income from continuing operations grew at a compound annual growth rate of 34.4 , from 63.6 million in 2018 to 207.4 million in 2022, and our net income from continuing operations as a percent of revenue increased from 6.5 to 11.9 . Adjusted EBITDA, a non-GAAP measure, grew at a compound annual growth rate of 21.7 , from 202.0 million to 442.8 million and adjusted EBITDA as a percent of revenue increased from 20.8 in 2018 to 25.5 in 2022. 

Top Talent and Teamwork. We believe we have one of the most skilled and talented teams of professionals in the industry. Our employees have exceptional educational backgrounds, with numerous post-graduate and undergraduate degrees in science, technology, engineering and mathematics fields. We hire and develop top talent from graduate and undergraduate programs at institutions such as Carnegie Mellon University, Northwestern University, the University of Chicago and Harvard University. The extensive education of our team is complemented by the experience our leadership team obtained at leading financial services companies and technology firms such as optionsXpress, Discover Financial Services, First American Bank, JPMorgan Chase and Groupon. 

Our Growth Strategy 
 Increase penetration in existing markets through strong brands and direct marketing . While we have some of the most well known online lending brands in the markets where we currently operate, we believe that we have directly reached only a small number of the potential customers for our products and services. Our TV and digital advertising have raised awareness for our brands, improving effectiveness in both direct and indirect channels. In addition to our strong online and direct mail acquisition activities, our consumer and small business lending businesses both partner with marketplaces and other marketing service providers to grow our customer base. We believe our competitors banks as well as smaller and less sophisticated online and store-based lenders struggle to adapt to evolving customer preferences and marketing regulatory requirements, giving us the opportunity to continue to gain significant market share. 

Introduce new products and services . We plan to attract new categories of consumers and small businesses not well served by traditional lenders through the introduction of new products and services. We have introduced new products and customer-friendly product features to meet customer demand for timely, flexible credit options including installment loans, line of credit accounts, and small business loans and financing, many of which offer risk-tiered rate structures and some that offer performance-based rate reduction features. We also offer international money transfer services for people working in the U.S. sending money to people overseas. All of these leverage our analytics expertise and our flexible and scalable technology platform. One of our first, industry changing product introductions was offering short-term unsecured installment loans and line of credit accounts to working 

5 

people who previously were limited to two-week loans, bank overdrafts, or pawn loans. Next, starting over ten years ago, our NetCredit business began offering one of the first longer duration installment loan products reporting to major credit reporting agencies for near-prime consumers in the U.S. and, in 2019, we launched a line of credit product for that market with a performance-based rate reduction feature. In 2014, we launched our business in Brazil, where we arrange installment loans with convenient repayment features for borrowers in partnership with a third-party lender. In October 2020, we acquired OnDeck, a small business lending company, to expand our small business lending and funding offerings in the U.S., joining it with our line of credit product from Headway Capital (established in 2014) and our installment loan and short-term financing RPA products from The Business Backer (acquired in 2016). In 2016, we launched a program for chartered banks where we provide technology, loan servicing and marketing services to banks to allow them to offer unsecured consumer installment loans and line of credit accounts; with the acquisition of OnDeck, the program expanded to small business installment loans and line of credit accounts. In March 2021, we added international money transfer services with the acquisition of Pangea, which provides mobile international money transfer services to customers in the U.S. We intend to continue to evaluate and offer new products and services that complement our online specialty financial services in order to meet the growing needs of our consumers and small businesses. 

Online Financing Process 
 Our consumer and small business financing transactions are conducted almost exclusively online. When a customer is approved for a new loan or RPA, nearly all customers choose to have funds promptly deposited in their bank account and choose to use a pre-authorized debit for repayment from their bank account or debit card. Where permitted by law and approved by us, a customer may choose to renew a short-term consumer loan before payment becomes due by agreeing to pay an additional finance charge. If a loan is renewed or refinanced, the renewal or refinanced loan is considered a new loan. 
 We have created a quick and simple process for customers to apply for an online loan or RPA, as shown below: 

Technology Platforms 
 Our proprietary technology platforms are built for scalability and flexibility and are based on proven open source software. The technology platforms were designed to be powerful enough to handle the large volumes of data required to evaluate consumer and small business applications and flexible enough to capitalize on changing customer preferences, market trends and regulatory changes. The scalability and flexibility of our technology platforms allow us to enter new markets and launch new products quickly, typically within three to six months from conception to launch. With the acquisition of OnDeck, we have enhanced our capabilities to connect and integrate our small business platforms with a wider network of distribution partners. 
 We continually employ technological innovations to improve our technology platforms, which perform a variety of integrated and core functions, including: 
 Front-end system , which includes external websites, landing pages and mobile sites and applications that customers use when applying for loans or financing and managing their accounts; 

Back-end and customer relationship management CRM systems , which maintain customer-level data and are used by our contact center employees to provide real-time information for all inquiries. Our back-end system and CRM systems include, 

6 

among other things, our contact management system, operational and marketing management system, automated phone system, Interactive Voice Response and contact center performance management system; 

Decision engine , which leverages machine learning and artificial intelligence to rapidly evaluate and make credit and financing decisions throughout the customer relationship; and 

Financial system , which manages the external interface for funds transfers and provides daily accounting, reconciliation and reporting functions. 

The key elements of our technology platforms include: 
 Scalable Information Technology infrastructure. Our Information Technology infrastructure allows us to meet customer demand and accommodate business growth. Our services rely on accessing, evaluating and creating large volumes of data including, for example, information collected from over 40 million credit reports during 2022. This rich dataset has grown significantly over our more than 18 year history and will continue to grow as our business expands. We believe that our scalable IT infrastructure enables us to meet substantial growth demands. 

Flexible software and integration systems. Our software system is designed to allow us to enter new markets and launch new products rapidly, modify our business operations quickly and account for complex regulatory requirements imposed in the jurisdictions in which we operate. We have developed a proprietary software solution that allows us to innovate quickly and to improve the customer experience. Our integration system allows us to easily interface with banks and other strategic partners in order to deliver the best financial products and services possible. Our software and integration systems and their flexibility allow us much more control over the continually evolving aspects of our business. 

Rapid development processes. Our software development life cycle is rapid and iterative to increase the efficiency of our platform. We are able to implement software updates while maintaining our system stability. 

Security. We collect and store personally identifiable customer information, including names, addresses, social security numbers and bank account information. We have safeguards designed to protect this information. We also created controls to limit employee access to that information and to monitor that access. Our safeguards and controls have been independently verified through regular and recurring audits and assessments. 

Redundant disaster recovery. Certain key parts of our technology platform, such as our phone system for handling customer service on consumer loans, are distributed across two different locations. In addition, critical components of our platform are redundant. This provides redundancy, fault tolerance and disaster recovery functionality in case of a catastrophic outage. 

Proprietary Data and Analytics 
 Decision Engine 
 We have developed a fully integrated decision engine that evaluates and rapidly makes credit and other determinations throughout the customer relationship, including automated decisions regarding marketing, fraud, underwriting, customer contact and collections that leverage artificial intelligence and machine learning-enabled models. Our decision engine currently handles more than 100 algorithms and over 1,000 variables. The algorithms in use are constantly monitored, validated, updated and optimized to continuously improve our operations. In order to support the daily running and ongoing improvement of our decision engine, we have assembled a highly skilled team of nearly 90 data and analytics professionals as of December 31, 2022. 
 Proprietary Data, Models and Underwriting 
 Our proprietary models are built on more than 18 years of history, using advanced statistical methods that take into account our experience with the millions of transactions we have processed during that time and the use of data from numerous third-party sources. We also acquired OnDeck s proprietary data and analytics models, which strengthen our ability to serve small businesses. We continually update our machine learning-enabled underwriting models to manage risk of defaults and to structure loan and financing terms. Our system completes these assessments within seconds of receiving the customer s data. 
 Our underwriting system is able to assess risks associated with each customer individually based on specific customer information and historical trends in our portfolio. We use a combination of numerous factors when evaluating a potential customer, which may include a consumer s income, rent or mortgage payment amount, employment history, external credit reporting agency scores, amount and status of outstanding debt and other recurring expenditures, fraud reports, repayment history, charge-off history and the length of time the customer has lived at his or her current address. While the relative weight or importance of the specific variables that we consider when underwriting a loan changes from product to product, generally, the key factors that we consider for loans include monthly gross income, disposable income, length of employment, duration of residency, credit report history and prior loan performance history if the applicant is a returning customer. Similar factors are considered for small business applicants and also include length of time in business, online 
 7 

business reviews, and sales volumes. Our customer base for consumer loans is predominantly in the low to fair range of FICO scores, with scores generally between 500 and 680 for most of our loan products. We generally do not take into account a potential customer s FICO score when deciding whether to make a loan. A Vantage-Score is one of the factors in our credit models for our near-prime installment product in the United States. Since we designed our system specifically for our specialized products, we believe our system provides more predictive assessments of future payment behavior and results in better evaluation of our customer base when compared to traditional credit assessments, such as a FICO score. In the small business space, we utilize both FICO and Vantage scores in our decision models, and our customer base is predominantly in the fair to better range of FICO scores with OnDeck scores generally between 650 and 780. 
 Fraud Prevention 
 Our robust fraud prevention system is built from in-depth analysis of previous fraud incidences and information from third-party data sources. To ensure sustainable growth, our fraud prevention team has built rigorous systems and processes that leverage artificial intelligence and machine learning-enabled models to detect fraud trends, identify fraudulent applications and learn from past fraudulent cases. 
 Working together with multiple vendors, our systems first determine whether customer information submitted matches other indicators regarding the application and that the applicant can authorize transactions for the submitted bank account. To prevent more organized and systematic fraud, we have developed predictive models that incorporate signals from various sources that we have found to be useful in identifying fraud. These models utilize advanced data mining algorithms, machine learning-enabled algorithms and artificial intelligence to effectively identify fraudulent applications with a very low false positive rate. In addition, we have built strong loan processing teams that handle suspicious activities efficiently while minimizing friction in customer experience. Our fraud prevention system incorporates algorithms to differentiate customers in an effort to identify suspected fraudulent activity and to reduce our risks of loss from fraud. 
 We continuously develop and implement ongoing improvements to these systems and, while no system can completely protect against losses from fraud, we believe our systems provide protection against significant fraud losses. 
 Marketing 
 We use a multi-channel approach to marketing our online loans and financing products, with both broad-reach and highly-targeted channels, including television, digital, direct mail, telemarketing and partner marketing (which includes lead providers, independent brokers and marketing affiliates). The goal of our marketing is to promote our brands and products in the online lending marketplace and to directly acquire new customers at low cost. Our marketing has successfully built strong awareness of and preference for our brands, as our products have achieved market leadership through the following: 
 Traditional advertising . We use television, direct mail, radio and outdoor advertisements, supported by technology infrastructure and key vendors, to drive and optimize website traffic and loan volume. We believe our investments through these channels have helped create strong brand awareness and preference in the customer segments and markets we serve. 

Digital acquisition . Our online marketing efforts include pay-per-click, keyword advertising, search engine optimization, marketing affiliate partnerships, social media programs and mobile advertising integrated with our operating systems and technology from vendors that allow us to optimize customer acquisition tactics within the daily operations cycle. 

Partner marketing . We purchase qualified leads for prospective new customers from a number of online lead providers and independent brokers and through marketing affiliate partnerships. We believe that our rapid decision making on lead purchases, strong customer conversion rate and significant scale in each of our markets make us a preferred partner for lead providers, brokers and affiliates while at the same time our technology and analytics help us determine the right price for the right leads. 

User experience and conversion. We measure and monitor website visitor usage metrics and regularly test website design strategies to improve customer experience and conversion rates. 

Our brand, technology and machine learning-enabled analytics-powered approach to marketing has enabled us to increase the percentage of loans sourced through direct marketing (where we have more visibility and control than in the lead purchase or affiliate channels) from approximately 32 in 2009 to 41 in 2022, and we believe we have also improved customer brand loyalty during the same period. 
 Customer Service 
 We believe that our in-house contact center and our emphasis on superior customer service are significant contributors to our growth. To best serve our consumers and small businesses, we use customer-oriented business practices, such as offering extended-hours customer service. We continuously work to improve our customers experience and satisfaction by evaluating information from website 
 8 

analytics, customer satisfaction surveys, contact center feedback, call monitoring and focus groups. Our contact center teams receive training on a regular basis, are monitored by quality assurance managers and adhere to rigorous internal service-level agreements. We do not outsource our contact center operations, except in Brazil. 
 Collections 
 We operate consumer and small business-specific collection teams that have implemented loan and financing collection policies and practices designed to optimize regulatory compliant loan and financing repayment, while also providing excellent customer service. Our collections employees are trained to help the customer understand available payment alternatives and make arrangements to repay the loan or financing. We use a variety of collection strategies to satisfy a delinquent loan or finance receivable, such as settlements and payment plans, or to adjust the delivery of finance receivables. Employees are continually trained and coached towards improvement based on quality assurance and work effort audits resulting in continued success in presenting best available payment options to the customer while limiting complaints and dissatisfaction. 
 Contact center employees contact customers following the first missed payment and periodically thereafter. Our primary methods of contacting past due customers are through phone calls, letters and emails. At times, we sell loans that we are unable to collect to debt collection companies or place the debt for collection with debt collection companies. 
 Competition 
 We have many competitors. Our principal competitors are consumer loan and finance companies, CSOs, online lenders, credit card companies, auto title lenders and other financial institutions that offer similar financial products and services, including loans on an unsecured as well as a secured basis. We believe that there is also indirect competition to some of our products, including bank overdraft facilities and banks and retailers insufficient funds policies, many of which may be more expensive alternative approaches for consumers and small businesses to cover their bills and expenses than the consumer and small business loan and financing products we offer. Some of our U.S. competitors operate using other business models, including a tribal model where the lender follows the laws of a Native American tribe regardless of the state in which the customer resides. 
 We believe that the principal competitive factors in the consumer and small business loan and financing industry consist of the ability to provide sufficient loan or financing size to meet customers financing requests, speed of funding, customer privacy, ease of access, transparency of fees and interest and customer service. We believe we have a significant competitive advantage as an early mover in many of the markets that we serve. New entrants face obstacles typical to launching new lending operations, such as successfully implementing underwriting and fraud prevention processes, incurring high marketing and customer acquisition costs, overcoming customer brand loyalty and having or obtaining sufficient capital to withstand early losses associated with unseasoned loan portfolios. In addition, there are substantial regulatory and compliance costs, including the need for expertise to customize products and obtain licenses to lend in various states in the United States and in international jurisdictions. Our proprietary technology, analytics expertise, scale, international reach, brand recognition and regulatory compliance would be difficult for a new competitor to duplicate. 
 Because numerous competitors offer consumer and small business loan and financing products, and many of our competitors are privately held, it is difficult for us to determine our exact competitive position in the market. However, we believe our principal online competitors in the United States include Avant, Curo and Elevate. Storefront consumer loan lenders that offer loans online or in storefronts are also a source of competition in some of the markets where we offer consumer loans, including Ace Cash Express, Check Into Cash, Check n Go and One Main Financial. For online small business financing, we believe our main competitors include traditional banks, legacy merchant cash advance providers, and newer, technology-enabled FinTech lenders. 
 Intellectual Property 
 Protecting our rights to our intellectual property is critical, as it enhances our ability to offer distinctive services and products to our customers, which differentiates us from our competitors. We rely on a combination of trademark laws and trade secret protections in the United States and other jurisdictions, as well as confidentiality procedures and contractual provisions, to protect the intellectual property rights related to our proprietary analytics, predictive underwriting models, tradenames and marks and software systems. We have several registered trademarks, including CashNetUSA and our e logo. OnDeck also has registered trademarks in the United States, Canada and Australia, including OnDeck, OnDeck Score and the OnDeck logo. These trademarks have varying expiration dates, and we believe they are materially important to us and we anticipate maintaining them and renewing them. 
 Seasonality 
 Demand for our consumer loan products and services in the United States has historically been highest in the third and fourth quarters of each year, corresponding to the holiday season, and lowest in the first quarter of each year, corresponding to our customers receipt 
 9 

of income tax refunds. Demand for our commercial loan products and services in the United States has historically been highest in the fourth quarter and early first quarter of each year, corresponding generally to holiday and post-holiday season needs, and lowest at the end of the first quarter and beginning of the second quarter of each year, where we believe that our customers' businesses are generally slower. Consequently, we experience seasonal fluctuations in our domestic operating results and cash needs. 
 Financial Information on Segments and Areas 
 Additional financial information regarding our operating segment and each of the geographic areas in which we do business is provided in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Note 17 of this report. 
 Operations 
 Management and Personnel 
 Executive Officers 
 Our executive officers, and information about each as of December 31, 2022, are listed below. 

NAME 
 
 POSITION WITH ENOVA 
 
 AGE 

David Fisher 
 
 Chief Executive Officer 

53 

Kirk Chartier 
 
 Chief Strategy Officer 

59 

Steven Cunningham 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 

53 

Sean Rahilly 
 
 General Counsel Chief Compliance Officer 

49 

There are no family relationships among any of the officers named above. Each officer of Enova holds office from the date of appointment until removal or termination of employment with Enova. Set forth below is additional information regarding the executive officers identified above. 
 David Fisher has served as our Chief Executive Officer since January 29, 2013 when he joined Enova. Mr. Fisher has also served as a Director since February 11, 2013. Prior to joining Enova, Mr. Fisher was Chief Executive Officer of optionsXpress Holdings, Inc., or optionsXpress, from October 2007 until The Charles Schwab Corporation Schwab ), acquired the business in September 2011. Following the acquisition, Mr. Fisher served as President of optionsXpress until March 2012. Mr. Fisher also served as the President of optionsXpress from March 2007 to October 2007 and as the Chief Financial Officer of optionsXpress from August 2004 to March 2007. Prior to joining optionsXpress, Mr. Fisher served as Chief Financial Officer of Potbelly Sandwich Works from February 2001 to July 2004, and before that in the roles of Chief Financial Officer and General Counsel for Prism Financial Corporation. In addition, Mr. Fisher has served on the Board of Directors of GoHealth, Inc. since May 2022 and Fathom Digital Manufacturing Corporation since December 2021. Mr. Fisher previously served on the Boards of Directors of optionsXpress, CBOE Holdings, Inc., InnerWorkings, Inc., GrubHub, Inc. and Just Eat Takeaway.com N.V. Mr. Fisher received a Bachelor of Science degree in Finance from the University of Illinois and a law degree from Northwestern University School of Law. 
 Kirk Chartier currently serves as our Chief Strategy Officer. Mr. Chartier joined Enova in April 2013 as Chief Marketing Officer. Prior to joining Enova, Mr. Chartier was the Executive Vice President Chief Marketing Officer of optionsXpress Holdings from January 2010 until Schwab acquired the business in September 2011. Following the acquisition, Mr. Chartier served as Vice President of Schwab through May 2012. From 2004 to 2010, Mr. Chartier was the Senior Managing Principal and Business Strategy Practice Leader for the Zyman Group, a marketing and strategy consultancy owned by MDC Partners, where he also served in interim senior marketing executive roles for Fortune 500 companies, including Safeco Insurance. Mr. Chartier has held executive roles at technology companies including as Senior Vice President of Business Services eCommerce for CommerceQuest, as Vice President of Online Marketing Strategy for THINK New Ideas and as a Corporate Auditor for the General Electric Company. He started his career as a combat pilot with the U.S. Marine Corps and is a veteran of Desert Storm. Mr. Chartier received a Master of Business Administration from Syracuse University, a Bachelor of Arts in Economics from the College of the Holy Cross, and a Bachelor of Science in Engineering from Worcester Polytechnic Institute. 
 10 

Steven Cunningham has served as our Chief Financial Officer since he joined Enova in June 2016. Mr. Cunningham joined Enova from Discover Financial Services, where he most recently served as Executive Vice President and Chief Risk Officer for Discover s 8.7 billion direct banking and payment services business. He joined Discover as its Corporate Treasurer in 2010. Prior to Discover, Mr. Cunningham was the CFO of Harley-Davidson Financial Services, a 7 billion receivables business, and spent eight years at Capital One Financial in various corporate and line of business finance leadership positions, including CFO for the Auto Finance segment, a 20 billion receivables business, and CFO for the company s banking segment. Mr. Cunningham also has experience as a bank regulator with the FDIC. Mr. Cunningham has served on the Board of Directors of AgriBank, a Farm Credit Bank, since January 2022. Mr. Cunningham received a bachelor s degree in Corporate Finance and Investment Management from the University of Alabama and a Master of Business Administration from George Washington University. He also holds the professional designation of Chartered Financial Analyst. 
 Sean Rahilly has served as our General Counsel and Chief Compliance Officer since June 2018. Mr. Rahilly joined Enova in October 2013 as Chief Compliance Officer. Mr. Rahilly previously served as Assistant General Counsel and Compliance Officer of First American Bank from September 2006 to September 2013. He also served as First American Bank s Vice President Community Reinvestment Act and Compliance Officer from January 2006 to September 2006, Vice President Compliance Manager from November 2003 to January 2006 and Assistant Vice President Compliance and Community Reinvestment Act from July 2002 to November 2003. Prior to joining First American Bank, Mr. Rahilly served as an attorney with the Law Offices of Victor J. Cacciatore, a project assistant with Schiff Hardin Waite and in various roles with Pullman Bank and Trust Company. He received a Bachelor of Science in Accountancy from DePaul University College of Commerce and a Juris Doctor from DePaul University College of Law. 
 Human Capital 
 Our Workforce. Our employees are primarily located in the United States, with a portion of our workforce in Mexico and Brazil. As of December 31, 2022, we had 1,804 employees, with 1,763 of our employees located in the United States. None of our employees are currently covered by a collective bargaining agreement or represented by an employee union. We believe we have one of the most skilled and talented teams of professionals in the industry. Our employees have exceptional educational backgrounds, with numerous post-graduate and undergraduate degrees in science, technology, engineering, and mathematics fields. We hire and develop a diverse range of top talent from graduate and undergraduate programs at premier institutions as well as from coding bootcamps such as Code Platoon. The extensive education of our team is complemented by the experience our leadership team obtained at leading financial services companies and technology firms such as optionsXpress, Discover Financial Services, First American Bank, JPMorgan Chase and Groupon. 
 Diversity, Equity, Inclusion. Diversity, equity, and inclusion DEI are highly valued at Enova. We are committed to fostering a culture where everyone is treated equitably and fairly, with a sense of belonging, community, and value. We believe that DEI is important to all aspects of our business, including our goal to attract, develop, and retain talent from underrepresented groups. Our business is better when we have a team of people from diverse backgrounds, experiences, talents, skills, and perspectives contributing to our success. To further our commitment, in 2021, we created a new position, Diversity, Equity, Inclusion Lead, focused exclusively on fostering and driving our DEI initiatives and values. A key part of this role is partnering with Enova s DEI Council, DEI groups, and business teams to ensure that our initiatives have an impactful role in our culture and day-to-day work. We currently have seven DEI groups at Enova: Apex@Enova (Asian Pacific Experience), B.L.A.C.K.@Enova (Boosting Love Achievement Culture Knowledge), HOLA@Enova (Hispanic or Latino Alliance), Parents@Enova, Pride@Enova, South Asians@Enova, and Women@Enova. 
 In The Community. We are dedicated to having a positive impact on our community. We encourage our employees to volunteer in their communities and on behalf of causes that are important to them through our Enova Gives program. Corporate employees are granted one paid volunteer day per calendar year to volunteer with or on behalf of a qualified 501(c)(3) non-profit organization of their choice during work hours. In addition, Enova matches charitable donations from employees to qualifying 501(c)(3) non-profit organizations up to 500 per employee each calendar year. Twice per year, two non-profit organizations that receive donations under the matching program become eligible for an additional one-time donation of 2,000 to 3,000, to be decided by employee vote. At a company level, Enova invests financially in organizations that are dedicated to strengthening and broadening access to quality education; improving the lives of children and young adults in need; and providing access to high quality financial literacy programs. 
 Learning Development. We offer a combination of required and optional learning and development opportunities to every Enova employee. Our learning and development program is facilitated and guided primarily by our Talent Development team, Operations Learning and Development team, company leaders, subject matter experts and our People team. We utilize an enterprise learning management system LMS to deliver and manage all online learning. Enova employees can utilize tuition reimbursement or department training budgets for external learning and development. Required compliance training is administered and tracked through our LMS, and every Enova employee is assigned required compliance e-Learning modules. We also invest in our talent through a variety of leadership and mentor programs, as well as other events focused on professional development. 
 Rewards Benefits. The primary objectives of our compensation program are to: support Enova s core values; attract, motivate, and retain the best talent; encourage and reward high performance and results, while aligning short- and long-term interests with those of 
 11 

our stockholders; and reinforce our strategy to grow our business as we continue to innovate. We offer employees competitive and comprehensive total rewards packages. For U.S.-based employees, this includes competitive base bay; annual bonus consideration; long-term incentive grants; employer-subsidized health, dental, and vision insurance; an employer match for 401(k) savings; paid and unpaid time off; group term life and disability insurance; paid volunteer day; paid holidays; paid parental leave; and a summer hours program. Enova offers additional corporate perks to its U.S. employees, including a discount savings program, tuition reimbursement, last-minute childcare reimbursement, and meal ordering. Enova also offers a paid four-week sabbatical program for eligible employees. Legal, financial, and work-life solutions and support are available through our Employee Assistance Program. 
 Market and Industry Data 
 The market and industry data contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including trends in our markets and our position within such markets, are based on a variety of sources, including our good faith estimates, which are derived from our review of internal surveys, information obtained from customers and publicly available information, as well as from independent industry publications, reports by market research firms and other published independent sources. None of the independent industry publications used in this report were prepared on our behalf. 
 REGULATION 
 Our operations are subject to extensive regulation, supervision and licensing under various federal, state, local and international statutes, ordinances and regulations. 
 U.S. Federal Regulation 
 Consumer Lending Laws. Our consumer loan business is subject to the federal Truth in Lending Act TILA ), and its underlying regulations, known as Regulation Z, and the Fair Credit Reporting Act FCRA ). These laws require us to provide certain disclosures to prospective borrowers and protect against unfair credit practices. The principal disclosures required under TILA are intended to promote the informed use of consumer credit. Under TILA, when acting as a lender, we are required to disclose certain material terms related to a credit transaction, including, but not limited to, the annual percentage rate, finance charge, amount financed, total of payments, the number and amount of payments and payment due dates to repay the indebtedness. The FCRA regulates the collection, dissemination and use of consumer information, including consumer credit information. The federal Equal Credit Opportunity Act ECOA ), prohibits us from discriminating against any credit applicant on the basis of any protected category, such as race, color, religion, national origin, sex, marital status or age, and requires us to notify credit applicants of any action taken on the individual s credit application. 
 Consumer Reports and Information. The use of consumer reports and other personal data used in credit underwriting is governed by the FCRA and similar state laws governing the use of consumer credit information. The FCRA establishes requirements that apply to the use of consumer reports and similar data, including certain notifications to consumers where their loan application has been denied because of information contained in their consumer report. The FCRA requires us to promptly update any credit information reported to a credit reporting agency about a consumer and to allow a process by which consumers may inquire about credit information furnished by us to a consumer reporting agency. 
 Information-Sharing Laws. We are also subject to the federal Fair and Accurate Credit Transactions Act, which limits the sharing of information with affiliates for marketing purposes and requires us to adopt written guidance and procedures for detecting, preventing and responding appropriately to mitigate identity theft and to adopt various policies and procedures and provide training and materials that address the importance of protecting non-public personal information and aid us in detecting and responding to suspicious activity, including suspicious activity that may suggest a possible identity theft red flag, as appropriate. 
 Marketing Laws. Our advertising and marketing activities are subject to several federal laws and regulations including the Federal Trade Commission Act (the FTC Act ), which prohibits unfair or deceptive acts or practices and false or misleading advertisements in all aspects of our business. As a financial services company, any advertisements related to our products must also comply with the advertising requirements set forth in TILA. Also, any of our telephone marketing activities must comply with the Telephone Consumer Protection Act (the TCPA and the Telemarketing Sales Rule (the TSR ). The TCPA prohibits the use of automatic telephone dialing systems for communications with wireless phone numbers without express consent of the consumer, and the TSR established the Do Not Call Registry and sets forth standards of conduct for all telemarketing. Our advertising and marketing activities are also subject to the CAN-SPAM Act of 2003, which establishes certain requirements for commercial email messages and specifies penalties for the transmission of commercial email messages that are intended to deceive the recipient as to the source of content. 
 Protection of Military Members and Dependents. The Military Lending Act MLA is a federal law that limits the annual percentage rate to 36 on certain consumer loans made to active duty members of the U.S. military, reservists and members of the National Guard and their immediate families. The MLA s implementing regulation also contains various disclosure requirements, limitations on 
 12 

renewals and refinancing, as well as restrictions on the use of prepayment penalties, arbitration provisions and certain waivers of rights. The 36 annual percentage rate cap applies to a variety of consumer loan products, including short-term consumer loans. Therefore, due to these rate restrictions, we are unable to offer certain short-term consumer loans to active duty military personnel, active reservists and members of the National Guard and their immediate dependents. Federal law also limits the annual percentage rate on existing loans when the borrower, or spouse of the borrower, becomes an active-duty member of the military during the life of a loan. Pursuant to federal law, the interest rate must be reduced to 6 per year on amounts outstanding during the time in which the service member is on active duty. 
 Funds Transfer and Signature Authentication Laws. The consumer loan business is also subject to the federal Electronic Funds Transfer Act EFTA ), and various other laws, rules and guidelines relating to the procedures and disclosures required in debiting or crediting a debtor s bank account relating to a consumer loan (i.e., Automated Clearing House ACH funds transfer). Furthermore, we are subject to various state and federal e-signature rules mandating that certain disclosures be made and certain steps be followed in order to obtain and authenticate e-signatures. 
 Debt Collection Practices. We use the Fair Debt Collection Practices Act FDCPA as a guide in connection with operating our other collection activities. We are also required to comply with all applicable state collection practices laws. 
 Privacy and Security of Non-Public Customer Information. We are also subject to various federal and state laws and regulations relating to privacy and data security. Under these laws, including the federal Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act GLBA ), the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 CCPA and the California Privacy Rights Act of 2020 CPRA ), we must disclose to individuals our privacy policy and practices, including those policies relating to the sharing of individuals nonpublic personal information with third parties. These regulations also require us to ensure that our systems are designed to protect the confidentiality of individuals nonpublic personal information. These regulations also dictate certain actions that we must take to notify individuals if their personal information is disclosed in an unauthorized manner. 
 Anti-Money Laundering and Economic Sanctions. We are also subject to certain provisions of the USA PATRIOT Act and the Bank Secrecy Act under which we must maintain an anti-money laundering compliance program covering certain of our business activities. In addition, the Office of Foreign Assets Control OFAC prohibits us from engaging in financial transactions with specially designated nationals. 
 Anticorruption. We are also subject to the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (the FCPA ), which generally prohibits companies and their agents or intermediaries from making improper payments to foreign officials for the purpose of obtaining or keeping business and/or other benefits. 
 CFPB 
 In July 2010, the U.S. Congress passed the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (the Dodd-Frank Act and Title X of the Dodd-Frank Act created the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (the CFPB ), which regulates consumer financial products and services, including consumer loans that we offer. The CFPB has regulatory, supervisory and enforcement powers over providers of consumer financial products and services, including explicit supervisory authority to examine and require registration of certain providers. Pursuant to these powers, the CFPB has examined our lending products, services and practices, and we expect to continue to be examined on a regular basis by the CFPB. 
 On November 20, 2013, Cash America International, Inc. Cash America ), our parent company at the time, consented to the issuance of a Consent Order by the CFPB pursuant to which it agreed, without admitting or denying any of the facts or conclusions made by the CFPB from its 2012 examination of Cash America and us, to pay a civil money penalty of 5 million. The Consent Order relates in part to issues self-disclosed to the CFPB by us, including the making of a limited number of loans to consumers who may have been active-duty members of the military at the time of the loan at rates in excess of the annual percentage rate permitted by the federal Military Lending Act, and for which we made refunds of approximately 33,500, and for certain failures to timely provide and preserve records and information in connection with the CFPB s examination of us. In addition, as a result of the CFPB s review, we enhanced and continue to enhance our compliance management system and implemented additional policies and procedures to address the issues identified by the CFPB. 
 On October 6, 2017, the CFPB issued its final rule entitled Payday, Vehicle Title, and Certain High-Cost Installment Loans (the Small Dollar Rule ), which covers certain consumer loans that we offer. The Small Dollar Rule requires that lenders who make short-term loans and longer-term loans with balloon payments reasonably determine consumers ability to repay the loans according to their terms before issuing the loans. The Small Dollar Rule also introduces new limitations on repayment processes for those lenders as well as lenders of other longer-term loans with an annual percentage rate greater than 36 percent that include an ACH authorization or similar payment provision. If a consumer has two consecutive failed payment attempts, the lender must obtain the consumer s new and specific authorization to make further withdrawals from the consumer s bank account. For loans covered by the Small Dollar Rule, lenders must 
 13 

provide certain notices to consumers before attempting a first payment withdrawal or an unusual withdrawal and after two consecutive failed withdrawal attempts. On June 7, 2019, the CFPB issued a final rule to set the compliance date for the mandatory underwriting provisions of the Small Dollar Rule to November 19, 2020. On July 7, 2020, the CFPB issued a final rule rescinding the ability to repay ATR provisions of the Small Dollar Rule along with related provisions, such as the establishment of registered information systems for checking ATR and reporting loan activity. The payment provisions of the Small Dollar Rule remained in place. In April 2018, an action was filed against the CFPB making a constitutional challenge to the Small Dollar Rule. On October 19, 2022, a three-judge panel of the Fifth Circuit U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals ruled that the funding structure of the CFPB is unconstitutional and vacated the Small Dollar Rule. On November 14, 2022, the CFPB filed a Petition for Writ of Certiorari with the U.S. Supreme Court to review the Fifth Circuit ruling. On January 13, 2023, the Brief in Opposition to the Petition for writ was filed. If the Small Dollar Rule does become effective in its current proposed form, we will need to make certain changes to our payment processes and customer notifications in our U.S. consumer lending business. If we are not able to execute these changes effectively because of unexpected complexities, costs or otherwise, we cannot guarantee that the Small Dollar Rule will not have a material adverse impact on our business, prospects, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 
 On January 25, 2019, we consented to the issuance of a Consent Order by the CFPB pursuant to which we agreed, without admitting or denying any of the facts or conclusions, to pay a civil money penalty of 3.2 million. The Consent Order relates to issues self-disclosed to the CFPB in 2014, including failure to provide loan extensions to 308 consumers and debiting approximately 5,500 consumers from the wrong bank account. We remain subject to the restrictions and obligations of the Consent Order, including a prohibition from engaging in certain conduct. 
 On May 24, 2021, we received a Civil Investigative Demand CID from the CFPB concerning certain loan processing issues. We cooperated fully with the CFPB and provided all requested data and information in response to the CID. We anticipate being able to expeditiously complete the investigation as several of the issues were self disclosed and we have provided restitution to customers who may have been negatively impacted. We received a second CID in April 2022 requesting additional information. We have provided all requested information in response to the CID. 
 For further discussion of the CFPB and its regulatory, supervisory and enforcement powers, see Risk Factors Risks Related to Our Business and Industry The Consumer Financial Protection Bureau has examination authority over our U.S. consumer lending business that could have a significant impact on our U.S. business in Part I, Item 1A of this report. 
 U.S. State Regulation 
 Our consumer lending business is regulated under a variety of enabling state statutes, all of which are subject to change and which may impose significant costs or limitations on the way we conduct or expand our business. As of the date of this report, we offer or arrange consumer loans in 37 states that have specific statutes and regulations that enable us to offer economically viable products. We currently do not offer consumer loans in the remaining states because we do not believe it is economically feasible to operate in those jurisdictions due to specific statutory or regulatory restrictions, such as interest rate ceilings, caps on the fees that may be charged, or costly operational requirements. However, we may later offer our consumer products or services in any of these states if we believe doing so may become economically viable because of changes in applicable statutes or regulations or if we determine we can broaden our product offerings to operate under existing laws and regulations. 
 The scope of state regulation of consumer loans, including the fees and terms of our products and services, varies from state to state. The terms of our products and services vary from state to state in order to comply with the laws and regulations of the states in which we operate. In addition, our advertising and marketing activities and disclosures are subject to review under various state consumer protection laws and other applicable laws and regulations. The states with laws that specifically regulate our consumer products and services may limit the principal amount of a consumer loan and set maximum fees or interest rates customers may be charged. Some states also limit a customer s ability to renew a short-term consumer loan and require various disclosures to consumers. State statutes often specify minimum and maximum maturity dates for short-term consumer loans such as ours and, in some cases, specify mandatory cooling-off periods between transactions. Our collection activities regarding past due amounts may be subject to consumer protection laws and state regulations relating to debt collection practices. In addition, some states require certain disclosures or content to accompany our advertising or marketing materials. Also, some states require us to report short-term consumer loan activity to state-wide databases and restrict the number and/or principal amount of loans a consumer may have outstanding at any particular time or over the course of a particular period of time. 
 In Texas, where we offer our CSO program, we comply with the jurisdiction s Credit Services Organization Act and related regulations. These laws generally define the services that we can provide to consumers and require us to provide a contract to the customer outlining our services and the cost of those services to the customer. In addition, these laws may require additional disclosures to consumers and may require us to be registered with the jurisdiction and/or be bonded. 
 14 

We must also comply with state restrictions on the use of lead providers. Over the past few years, several states have taken actions that have caused us to discontinue the use of lead providers in those states. Other states may propose or enact similar restrictions on lead providers in the future. 
 Over the last few years, legislation that prohibits or severely restricts our consumer loan products and services has been introduced or adopted in a number of states. As a result, we have altered or ceased making consumer loans in certain states, in compliance with the new statutes. We regularly monitor proposed legislation or regulations that could affect our business. 
 Licensing Requirements Small Business Loans 
 As part of the OnDeck business both prior and subsequent to Enova s acquisition, in states and jurisdictions that do not require a license to make commercial loans, OnDeck, and certain other of our subsidiaries, typically makes commercial installment loans and extends lines of credit directly to customers pursuant to Utah or Virginia law. There are other states and jurisdictions that require a license or have other requirements or restrictions applicable to commercial loans, including both installment loans and line of credit accounts, and may not honor a Utah or Virginia choice of law. In these other states, historically we have originated some installment loans and lines of credit directly but purchased other installment loans and lines of credit from issuing bank partners, the foregoing depending on the requirements or restrictions of these other states. Certain line of credit accounts are extended by an issuing bank partner and we may purchase extensions under those line of credit accounts. 
 The issuing bank partner establishes its underwriting criteria for the issuing bank partner program in consultation with us. We recommend commercial loans to the issuing bank partner that meet the bank partner's underwriting criteria, at which point the issuing bank partner may elect to fund the installment finance loan or extend the line of credit. The issuing bank partner earns origination fees from the customers who borrow from it and retains the interest paid during the period that the issuing bank partner owns the loan. In exchange for recommending loans to an issuing bank partner, we earn a marketing referral fee based on the loans recommended to, and originated by, that issuing bank partner. Historically, OnDeck has been the purchaser of the loans that it referred to issuing bank partners. 
 Local Regulation United States 
 In addition to state and federal laws and regulations, the short-term credit industry is subject to various local rules and regulations. These local rules and regulations are subject to change and vary widely from city to city. Local jurisdictions efforts to restrict short-term lending have been increasing. Typically, these local ordinances apply to storefront operations, however, local jurisdictions could attempt to enforce certain business conduct and registration requirements on online lenders lending to residents of that jurisdiction. Actions taken in the future by local governing bodies to impose other restrictions on short-term lenders such as us could impact our business. 
 Company and Website Information 
 Our principal executive offices are located at 175 West Jackson Blvd., Chicago, Illinois 60604, and our telephone number is (312) 568-4200. 
 Our website is located at www.enova.com. Through our website, we provide free access to our Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, and all amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Sections 13(a) and 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 as soon as reasonably practicable after such reports are electronically filed with or furnished to the SEC. The information posted on our website is not incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

I TEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 Risk Factors Summary 
 The summary of risks below provides an overview of the principal risks we are exposed to in the normal course of our business activities: 
 Risks Related to Our Business and Industry 
 Our business is highly regulated, and if we fail to comply with applicable laws, regulations, rules and guidance, our business could be adversely affected. 

The lending and financing industry continues to be targeted by new laws or regulations in many jurisdictions that could restrict the lending and financing products and services we offer, impose additional compliance costs on us, render our current operations unprofitable or even prohibit our current operations. 

The CFPB has examination authority over our U.S. consumer businesses that could have a significant impact on our U.S. business. 

We are subject to a Consent Order issued by the CFPB, and any noncompliance could materially adversely affect our business. 

15 

Significant changes in international laws or regulations or a deterioration of the political, regulatory or economic environment of Brazil, or any other country in which we begin operations, could affect our operations in these countries. 

The COVID-19 pandemic negatively impacted our operations and financial results, and any future pandemics may also have a negative impact on our business, financial position, results of operations, liquidity, and prospects. 

Our access to payment processing systems to disburse and collect loan and financing proceeds and repayments, including the Automated Clearing House, is critical to our business, and any interruption or limitation on our ability to utilize any of the available means of processing deposits or payments could materially adversely affect our business. 

The failure to comply with debt collection regulations could subject us to fines and other liabilities, which could harm our reputation and business. 

We use lead providers and marketing affiliates to assist us in obtaining new customers, and if lead providers or marketing affiliates do not comply with an increasing number of applicable laws and regulations, or if our ability to use such lead providers or marketing affiliates is otherwise impaired, it could adversely affect our business. 

The use of personal data for credit underwriting is highly regulated, which exposes us to compliance risk and increased costs. 

Negative public perception of our business could cause demand for our products to significantly decrease. 

Control of the Congress and the executive branch of the U.S. government could have a significant impact on financial services legislation passed in Congress and signed into law. 

Current and future litigation or regulatory proceedings could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 

Judicial decisions, CFPB rulemaking or amendments to the Federal Arbitration Act could render the arbitration agreements we use illegal or unenforceable. 

In some circumstances, federal preemption and application of an out-of-state choice of law provision will not, or may not, be available for the benefit of certain non-bank purchasers of loans to defend against a state law claim of usury. 

The failure of third parties who provide products, services or support to us to maintain their products, services or support could disrupt our operations or result in a loss of revenue. 

Our business depends on the uninterrupted operation of our systems and business functions, including our information technology and other business systems, as well as the ability of such systems to support compliance with applicable legal and regulatory requirements. 

Decreased demand for our products and specialty financial services and our failure to adapt to such decrease could result in a loss of revenue and could have a material adverse effect on us. 

The determination of the fair values of the Company s loan and finance receivables portfolio involves unobservable inputs that can be highly subjective and may prove to be materially different than the actual economic outcome. 

We are subject to impairment risk. 

If the information provided by customers to us is incorrect or fraudulent, we may misjudge a customer s qualification to receive a loan and our operating results may be harmed. 

We are subject to anticorruption laws including the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, anti-money laundering laws and economic sanctions laws, and our failure to comply therewith, particularly if we continue to expand internationally, could result in penalties that could harm our reputation and have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 

Failure of operating controls could produce a significant negative outcome, including customer experience degradation, legal expenses, increased regulatory cost, significant internal and external fraud losses and vendor risk. 

Increased competition from banks, credit card companies, other consumer lenders, and other entities offering similar financial products and services could adversely affect our business, prospects, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 

A sustained deterioration in the economy could reduce demand for our products and services and result in reduced earnings. 

We may be unable to protect our proprietary technology and analytics or keep up with that of our competitors. 

We may be subject to intellectual property disputes, which are costly to defend and could harm our business and operating results. 

We are subject to cyber security risks and security breaches and may incur increasing costs in an effort to minimize those risks and to respond to cyber incidents. 

Our ability to collect payment on loans and maintain the accuracy of accounts may be adversely affected by computer viruses, electronic break-ins, technical errors and similar disruptions. 

If internet search engine providers change their methodologies for organic rankings or paid search results, or our organic rankings or paid search results decline for other reasons, our new customer growth or volume from returning customers could decline. 

Growth may place significant demands on our management and our infrastructure and could be costly. 

Future acquisitions could disrupt our business and harm our financial condition and operating results. 

16 

The preparation of our financial statements and certain tax positions taken by us require the judgment of management, and we could be subject to risks associated with these judgments or could be adversely affected by the implementation of new, or changes in the interpretation of existing, accounting principles, financial reporting requirements or tax rules. 

Our U.S. consumer loan and small business financing businesses are seasonal in nature, which causes our revenue and earnings to fluctuate. 

Our success is dependent, in part, upon our officers, and if we are not able to attract and retain qualified officers, our business could be materially adversely affected. 

Risk Related to Our Indebtedness 
 We have incurred significant indebtedness, which could adversely affect our financial condition and prevent us from fulfilling our obligations under anticipated agreements governing our indebtedness. 

The terms of the agreements governing our indebtedness restrict our current and future operations, particularly our ability to respond to changes or to take certain actions, which could harm our long-term interests. 

We may not be able to generate sufficient cash to service our indebtedness and may be forced to take other actions to satisfy our obligations under our indebtedness, which may not be successful. 

Changes in our financial condition or a potential disruption in the capital markets could reduce available capital. 

Increases in customer default rates could make us and our loans less attractive to lenders under debt facilities and investors in securitizations which may adversely affect our access to financing and our business. 

Risk Related to Our Common Stock and the Securities Market 
 Certain provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, amended and restated bylaws and Delaware law may discourage takeovers. 

The market price of our shares may fluctuate widely. 

If securities or industry analysts publish research that is unfavorable about our business, our stock price and trading volume could decline. 

We do not anticipate paying any dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable future. 

Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation designates the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware as the exclusive forum for certain litigation that may be initiated by our stockholders, which could limit our stockholders ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us. 

Risk Factors 
 Our business and future results may be affected by a number of risks and uncertainties that should be considered carefully in evaluating us. In addition, this report also contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Our actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in such forward-looking statements as a result of certain factors, including the risks faced by us described below. The occurrence of one or more of the events listed below could also have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 
 Risks Related to Our Business and Industry 
 Our business is highly regulated, and if we fail to comply with applicable laws, regulations, rules and guidance, our business could be adversely affected. 
 Our products and services are subject to extensive regulation, supervision and licensing under various federal, state, local and international statutes, ordinances, regulations, rules and guidance. For example, our loan products may be subject to requirements that generally mandate licensing or authorization as a lender or as a credit services organization or credit access business (collectively, CSO ), establish limits on the amount, duration, renewals or extensions of and charges for (including interest rates and fees) various categories of loans, direct the form and content of our loan contracts and other documentation, restrict collection practices, outline underwriting requirements and subject us to periodic examination and ongoing supervision by regulatory authorities, among other things. We must comply with federal laws, such as TILA, ECOA, FCRA, EFTA, GLBA and Title X of the Dodd-Frank Act, among others, as well as regulations adopted to implement those laws. In addition, our marketing and disclosure efforts and the representations made about our products and services are subject to unfair and deceptive practice statutes, including the FTC Act, the TCPA and the CAN-SPAM Act of 2003 in the United States and analogous state statutes under which the FTC, the CFPB, state attorneys general or private plaintiffs may bring legal actions. 
 17 

Additionally, changes in laws or regulations or changes to the application or interpretation of the laws and regulations applicable to small business lenders could adversely affect the Company s ability to operate in the manner in which the Company currently conducts business or make it more difficult or costly for the Company to originate or otherwise acquire additional small business loans, or for the Company to collect payments on the small business loans. Such changes could subject the Company to additional licensing, registration and other legal or regulatory requirements in the future or otherwise that could, individually or in the aggregate, adversely affect the Company s ability to conduct its business. 
 We are also subject to various international laws, licensing or authorization requirements in connection with the products or services we offer in Brazil. Compliance with applicable laws, regulations, rules and guidance requires forms, processes, procedures, training, controls and the infrastructure to support these requirements. Compliance may also create operational constraints, be costly or adversely affect operating results. See Business Regulation of Part I, Item 1 of this report for further discussion of the laws applicable to us. 
 The regulatory environment in which we conduct our business is extensive and complex. From time to time we become aware of instances where our products and services have not fully complied with requirements under applicable laws and regulations or applicable contracts. Determinations of compliance with applicable requirements or contracts, such as those discussed above, can be highly technical and subject to varying interpretations. When we become aware of such an instance, products or services that may not be in compliance with applicable laws, whether as a result of our compliance reviews, regulatory inquiry, customer complaint or otherwise, we generally conduct a review of the activity in question and determine how to address it, such as modifying the product, making customer refunds or providing additional disclosure. We also evaluate whether reports or other notices to regulators are required and provide notice to regulators whenever required. In some cases, we have decided and will decide to take corrective action even after applicable statutory or regulatory cure periods have expired, and in other cases we have notified regulators even where such notification may not have been required. Regulators or customers reviewing such incidents or remedial activities may interpret the laws, regulations and customer contracts differently than we have, or may choose to take regulatory action against us or bring private litigation against us notwithstanding the corrective measures we have taken. This may be the case even if we no longer offer the product or service in question. 
 State, federal and international regulators, as well as the plaintiffs bars, subject our industry to intense scrutiny. In addition, our contracts for certain products and services may be governed by the law applicable in a state other than the state in which the customer resides. If a court were to reject our choice of law and determine that a contract was governed by the laws of another state, the contract may be unenforceable. A judgment that the choice of law provisions in our loan agreements is unenforceable also could result in costly and time-consuming litigation, penalties, damage to our reputation, trigger repurchase obligations, negatively impact the terms of our future loans and harm our operating results. Likewise, a judgment that the choice of law provision in other commercial loan agreements is unenforceable could result in challenges to our choice of law provision and that could result in costly and time-consuming litigation. 
 Failure to comply with applicable laws, regulations, rules and guidance, or any finding that our past forms, practices, processes, procedures, controls or infrastructure were insufficient or not in compliance, could subject us to regulatory enforcement actions, result in the assessment against us of civil, monetary, criminal or other penalties (some of which could be significant in the case of knowing or reckless violations), result in the issuance of cease and desist orders (which can include orders for restitution, as well as other kinds of affirmative relief), require us to refund payments, interest or fees, result in a determination that certain financial products are not collectible, result in a suspension or revocation of licenses or authorization to transact business, result in a finding that we have engaged in unfair and deceptive practices, limit our access to services provided by third-party financial institutions or cause damage to our reputation, brands and valued customer relationships. We may also incur additional, substantial expenses to bring those products and services into compliance with the laws of various jurisdictions or stop offering certain products and services in certain jurisdictions. 
 Our failure to comply with any regulations, rules or guidance applicable to our business could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows and could prohibit or directly or indirectly impair our ability to continue current operations. 
 The lending and financing industry continues to be targeted by new laws and regulations in many jurisdictions that could restrict the lending and financing products and services we offer, impose additional compliance costs on us, render our current operations unprofitable or even prohibit our current operations. 
 Governments at the national, state and local levels, as well as international governments, may seek to impose new laws, regulatory restrictions or licensing requirements that affect the products or services we offer, the terms on which we may offer them, and the disclosure, compliance and reporting obligations we must fulfill in connection with our lending and financing business. They may also interpret or enforce existing requirements in new ways that could restrict our ability to continue our current methods of operation or to expand operations, impose significant additional compliance costs, and may have a negative effect on our business, prospects, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. In some cases, these measures could even directly prohibit some or all of our current business activities in certain jurisdictions or render them unprofitable and/or impractical to continue. 
 18 

In recent years, consumer loans have come under increased regulatory scrutiny that has resulted in increasingly restrictive regulations and legislation that makes offering such loans in certain states in the United States or the international countries where we operate (as further described below) less profitable or unattractive. Laws or regulations in some states in the United States require that all borrowers of certain short-term loan products be reported to a centralized database and limit the number of loans a borrower may receive or have outstanding. Other laws prohibit us from providing some of our consumer loan products in the United States to active duty military personnel, active members of the National Guard or members on active reserve duty and their spouses and covered dependents. 
 Certain consumer advocacy groups and federal and state legislators and regulators have advocated that laws and regulations should be tightened so as to severely limit, if not eliminate, the type of loan products and services we offer to consumers, and this has resulted in both the executive and legislative branches of the U.S. federal government and state governmental bodies exhibiting an interest in debating legislation that could further regulate consumer and/or small business loan products and services such as those that we offer. The U.S. Congress, as well as other similar federal, state and local bodies and similar international governmental authorities, have debated, and may in the future adopt, legislation or regulations that could, among other things, place a cap (or decrease a current cap) on the interest or fees that we can charge or a cap on the effective annual percentage rate that limits the amount of interest or fees that may be charged, limit origination fees for loans, require changes to our underwriting or collections practices, require lenders to be bonded or to report consumer loan activity to databases designed to monitor or restrict consumer borrowing activity, impose cooling off periods between the time a loan is paid off and another loan is obtained or prohibit us from providing any of our consumer loan products in the United States to active duty members of the U.S. military, reservists and members of the National Guard and their immediate families. 
 Furthermore, legislative or regulatory actions may be influenced by negative perceptions of us and our industry, even if such negative perceptions are inaccurate, attributable to conduct by third parties not affiliated with us (such as other industry members), or attributable to matters not specific to our industry. 
 We cannot currently assess the likelihood of any future unfavorable federal, state, local or international legislation or regulations being proposed or enacted that could affect our products and services. We closely monitor proposed legislation in jurisdictions where we offer our loan products. Additional legislative or regulatory provisions could be enacted that could severely restrict, prohibit or eliminate our ability to offer a consumer or small business loan or financing product. In addition, under statutory authority, U.S. state regulators have broad discretionary power and may impose new licensing requirements, interpret or enforce existing regulatory requirements in different ways or issue new administrative rules, even if not contained in state statutes, that could adversely affect the way we do business and may force us to terminate or modify our operations in particular states or affect our ability to obtain new licenses or renew the licenses we hold. 
 Any of these or other legislative or regulatory actions that affect our lending and financing business at the national, state, international and local level could, if enacted or interpreted differently, have a material adverse impact on our business, prospects, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows and could prohibit or directly or indirectly impair our ability to continue current operations. 
 The Consumer Financial Protection Bureau has examination authority over our U.S. consumer businesses that could have a significant impact on our U.S. business. 
 The CFPB, which regulates U.S. consumer financial products and services, has broad regulatory, supervisory and enforcement powers over providers of consumer financial products and services, such as us, including explicit supervisory authority to examine and require registration of such providers. 
 The CFPB has examined our lending products, services and practices, and we expect to continue to be examined on a regular basis by the CFPB. The CFPB s examination authority permits CFPB examiners to inspect the books and records of providers of short-term, small dollar lenders, and ask questions about their business practices, and the examination procedures include specific modules for examining marketing activities; loan application and origination activities; payment processing activities and sustained use by consumers; collections, accounts in default, and consumer reporting activities as well as third-party relationships. As a result of these examinations, we could be required to change our products, services or practices, whether as a result of another party being examined or as a result of an examination of us, or we could be subject to monetary penalties, which could materially adversely affect us. 
 The CFPB also has broad authority to prohibit unfair, deceptive and abusive acts and practices and to investigate and penalize financial institutions that violate this prohibition. In addition to having the authority to obtain monetary penalties for violations of applicable federal consumer financial laws (including the CFPB s own rules), the CFPB can require remediation of practices, pursue administrative proceedings or litigation and obtain cease and desist orders (which can include orders for restitution or rescission of contracts, as well as other kinds of affirmative relief). Also, where a company has violated Title X of the Dodd-Frank Act or CFPB regulations implemented thereunder, the Dodd-Frank Act empowers state attorneys general and state regulators to bring civil actions to remedy violations of state law. If the CFPB or one or more state attorneys general or state regulators believe that we have violated any of the 
 19 

applicable laws or regulations, they could exercise their enforcement powers in ways that could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 
 We are subject to a Consent Order issued by the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, and any noncompliance could materially adversely affect our business. 
 On January 25, 2019, we consented to the issuance of a Consent Order by the CFPB pursuant to which we agreed, without admitting or denying any of the facts or conclusions, to pay a civil money penalty of 3.2 million. The Consent Order relates to issues self-disclosed to the CFPB in 2014, including failure to provide loan extensions to 308 consumers and debiting approximately 5,500 consumers from the wrong bank account. We remain subject to the restrictions and obligations of the Consent Order, including a prohibition from engaging in certain conduct. Any noncompliance with the Consent Order or similar orders or agreements from other regulators could lead to further regulatory penalties and could have a material adverse impact on our business, prospects, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows and could prohibit or directly or indirectly impair our ability to continue current operations. 
 The CFPB finalized a new rule that may affect the consumer lending industry, and this rule could have a material adverse effect on our U.S. consumer lending business. 
 On October 6, 2017, the CFPB issued a rule on payday and certain high-cost installment loans, also known as the Small Dollar Rule, which would cover some of the loans we offer. The Small Dollar Rule initially required that lenders who make short-term loans and longer-term loans with balloon payments reasonably determine consumers ability to repay the loans according to their terms before issuing the loans. The Small Dollar Rule also introduced new limitations on repayment processes for those lenders as well as lenders of other longer-term loans with an annual percentage rate greater than 36 percent that include an ACH authorization or similar payment provision. If a consumer has two consecutive failed payment attempts, the lender must obtain the consumer s new and specific authorization to make further withdrawals from the consumer s bank account. For loans covered by the Small Dollar Rule, lenders must provide certain notices to consumers before attempting a first payment withdrawal or an unusual withdrawal and after two consecutive failed payment attempts. In April 2018, an action in federal court in Texas was filed against the CFPB making a constitutional challenge to the Small Dollar Rule. On July 7, 2020, the CFPB issued the final Small Dollar Rule, rescinding the ability to repay ATR and related provisions, such as the establishment of registered information systems for checking ATR and reporting loan activity. The payment provisions of the Small Dollar Rule remain in place. On October 19, 2022, a three-judge panel of the Fifth Circuit U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals ruled in the federal case out of Texas that the funding structure of the CFPB is unconstitutional and vacated the Small Dollar Rule. On November 14, 2022, the CFPB filed a Petition for Writ of Certiorari with the U.S. Supreme Court to review the Fifth Circuit ruling. On January 13, 2023, the Brief in Opposition to the Petition for writ was filed. If the Small Dollar Rule does become effective in its current proposed form, we will need to make certain changes to our payment processes and customer notifications in our U.S. consumer lending business. If we are not able to execute these changes effectively because of unexpected complexities, costs or otherwise, we cannot guarantee that the Small Dollar Rule will not have a material adverse impact on our business, prospects, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 
 Our advertising and marketing materials and disclosures have been and continue to be subject to regulatory scrutiny. 
 In the jurisdictions where we operate, our advertising and marketing activities and disclosures are subject to regulation under various industry standards, consumer protection laws, and other applicable laws and regulations. Consistent with the lending industry as a whole, our advertising and marketing materials have come under increased scrutiny. 
 Any inability to continue to advertise and market our business in a manner we consider effective as a result of regulatory review or new restrictions could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 
 Significant changes in international laws or regulations or a deterioration of the political, regulatory or economic environment of Brazil, or any other country in which we begin operations, could affect our operations in these countries. 
 We offer, arrange and/or service online consumer loans to customers in Brazil. New legislation or regulations could further restrict the loan products we offer. 
 Significant changes in international laws or regulations or a deterioration of the political, regulatory or economic environment of Brazil could restrict our ability to sustain or expand our operations. Similarly, a significant change in laws, regulations or overall treatment (including an interpretation or application of such laws and regulations not anticipated when exploring or initiating business) or a deterioration of the political, regulatory or economic environment of any other country in which we may decide to do business, could also materially adversely affect our prospects and could restrict our ability to initiate a pilot program or develop a pilot program into full business operations. 
 20 

We have previously ceased business in certain jurisdictions due to regulatory restrictions and, if we are forced to exit key jurisdictions in the future due to regulatory restrictions, this could adversely affect our business as a whole. 
 In the past we have ceased business in, restricted our operations in, or chosen not to begin business in, certain jurisdictions due to regulatory restrictions which render our operations impermissible, unprofitable or impractical. In addition, because we are in some cases subject to state/provincial and local regulation in addition to federal/national regulation, we may restrict or discontinue business in certain jurisdictions within countries where we are otherwise active. For example, as of December 31, 2022, we did not offer or arrange consumer loans in 13 U.S. states because we do not believe it is economically feasible to operate in those jurisdictions due to specific statutory or regulatory restrictions, such as interest rate ceilings or caps on the fees that may be charged. 
 The adoption of state regulatory measures cannot be predicted, but we expect that other states may propose or enact similar restrictions impacting our consumer or small business loan or financing products in the future, which could affect our operations in such states. Legislation or regulations targeting or otherwise directly affecting our products and services have been introduced or adopted in a number of states over the last few years, and we regularly monitor proposed legislation or regulations that could affect our business. For more information, see Regulation and Legal Proceedings U.S. State Regulation. 
 If we are forced to exit key jurisdictions due to such concerns, we cannot guarantee that we will be able to find suitably attractive additional business opportunities elsewhere, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 
 The COVID-19 pandemic negatively impacted our operations and financial results, and any future pandemics may also have a negative impact on our business, financial position, results of operations, liquidity, and prospects. 
 The COVID-19 pandemic severely impacted global economic conditions, resulting in substantial volatility in the global financial markets, increased unemployment, and operational challenges resulting from measures that governments and other authorities imposed to control its spread, such as travel bans, business and school limitations and closures, quarantines, and shelter-in-place orders. The extent of the impact of any future pandemic or public health crisis, including due to any significant re-emergence or new variants of COVID-19, on our business is highly dependent on variables that are difficult to predict, such as the scope and duration of the pandemic or public health crisis, and the success rate of measures taken by the governments to control its spread and stabilize the economy. We could experience reduced demand and availability of our products, higher credit losses in our portfolio, impairments of other financial assets, and other negative impacts to our financial position. We could have issues meeting our financial performance covenants, which would require waiver/amendment or could result in default on our financing agreements. We are highly reliant on our employees for our continued operations, and to the extent our employee population is impacted by a pandemic or other public health crisis, or by the actions by governmental bodies taken in reaction to such events, this could adversely affect our ability to service our customers and to offer our products. Our access to capital markets could be hampered and could lead to a higher cost of capital. 
 Our access to payment processing systems to disburse and collect loan and financing proceeds and repayments, including the Automated Clearing House, is critical to our business, and any interruption or limitation on our ability to utilize any of the available means of processing deposits or payments could materially adversely affect our business. 
 When making loans and providing financing in the United States, we use several means of depositing proceeds into and collecting repayments from our customers bank accounts, including the use of ACH. Our business, including loans made through the CSO programs, depends on payment processing systems to collect amounts due by repayments from our customers bank accounts when we have obtained authorization to do so from the customer. Our transactions are processed by banks, and if these banks cease to provide any of the available means of payment processing services, we would have to materially alter, or possibly discontinue, some or all of our business if alternative processing methods are not as effective or not available. 
 Previous heightened regulatory scrutiny by the U.S. Department of Justice, the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation and other regulators, in an action referred to as Operation Choke Point, caused banks and ACH payment processors to cease doing business with certain short-term consumer lenders who were operating legally, without regard to whether those lenders were complying with applicable laws, simply to avoid the risk of heightened scrutiny or even litigation. 
 Our access to payment processing systems could be impaired as a result of actions by regulators to cut off the access to payment processing systems to payday lenders or by rule changes by the National Automated Clearinghouse Association NACHA ), which oversees the ACH network. The limited number of financial institutions we depend on may choose to discontinue providing ACH processing, remotely created check processing and similar services to us. If our access to any of these means of payment processing is impaired, we may find it difficult or impossible to continue some or all of our business, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. If we are unable to maintain access to needed services on favorable terms, we would have to materially alter, or possibly discontinue, some or all of our business if alternative processors are not available. 
 21 

The failure to comply with debt collection regulations could subject us to fines and other liabilities, which could harm our reputation and business. 
 The FDCPA regulates persons who regularly collect or attempt to collect, directly or indirectly, consumer debts owed or asserted to be owed to another person. Many states impose additional requirements on persons collecting or attempting to collect consumer debts owed to them and on debt collection communications, and some of those requirements may be more stringent than the federal requirements. Moreover, regulations governing debt collection are subject to changing interpretations that differ from jurisdiction to jurisdiction. 
 Effective November 30, 2021, new CFPB rules went into effect that apply to third-party debt collectors covered by the FDCPA, including our attempts to collect certain debt originated by other lenders such as under our CSO program. The rules (a) clarify the times and places at which a debt collector may communicate with a consumer; (b) require collectors to provide a channel-specific opt-out mechanism for debtors in all text messages and emails; (c) provide that a debt collector is presumed to violate the rule if it places a telephone call to a person more than 7 times within a 7-day period or within 7 days after a telephone conversation with the debtor: (d) include prohibitions against taking or threatening legal action on time-barred debt outside of proofs of claim filed in bankruptcy proceedings; (e) require debt collectors to speak to a consumer in person or by phone or send a letter or electronic message and wait a reasonable period of time before furnishing information to a credit reporting agency; and (f) adopts a set of specifications for the information that should be included in debt validation notices and when and how the validation notice should be provided to consumers. Creditors and other first-party collectors are not subject to the final rules, but they will impact Enova s third-party collectors and debt buyers. Restrictions on our third-party debt collectors or that apply to our attempts to collect debt originated by other lenders, may have an adverse impact on our U.S. products and services. 
 Non-U.S. jurisdictions also regulate debt collection. We could be subject to fines, written orders or other penalties if we, or parties working on our behalf, are determined to have violated the FDCPA or analogous state or international laws, which could have a material adverse effect on our reputation, business, prospects, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 
 We use lead providers and marketing affiliates to assist us in obtaining new customers, and if lead providers or marketing affiliates do not comply with an increasing number of applicable laws and regulations, or if our ability to use such lead providers or marketing affiliates is otherwise impaired, it could adversely affect our business. 
 We are dependent on third parties, referred to as lead providers (or lead generators) and marketing affiliates, as a source of new customers. Our marketing affiliates place our advertisements on their websites that direct potential customers to our websites. Generally, lead providers operate, and also work with their own marketing affiliates who operate, separate websites to attract prospective customers and then sell those leads to online lenders. As a result, the success of our business depends substantially on the willingness and ability of lead providers or marketing affiliates to provide us customer leads at acceptable prices. 
 If regulatory oversight of lead providers or marketing affiliates is increased, through the implementation of new laws or regulations or the interpretation of existing laws or regulations, our ability to use lead providers or marketing affiliates could be restricted or eliminated. For example, the CFPB has indicated its intention to examine compliance with federal laws and regulations by lead providers and to scrutinize the flow of non-public, private consumer information between lead providers and lead buyers, such as us. Over the past few years, several states have taken actions that have caused us to discontinue the use of lead providers in those states. While these discontinuations did not have a material adverse effect on us, other states may propose or enact similar restrictions on lead providers and potentially on marketing affiliates in the future, and if other states adopt similar restrictions, our ability to use lead providers or marketing affiliates in those states would also be interrupted. 
 Lead providers or marketing affiliates failure to comply with applicable laws or regulations, or any changes in laws or regulations applicable to lead providers or marketing affiliates or changes in the interpretation or implementation of such laws or regulations, could have an adverse effect on our business and could increase negative perceptions of our business and industry. Additionally, the use of lead providers and marketing affiliates could subject us to additional regulatory cost and expense. If our ability to use lead generators or marketing affiliates were to be impaired, our business, prospects, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows could be materially adversely affected. 
 In addition, we do business with third parties who are not part of our independent sales organization program, including third parties who may refer potential small business customers to us or to whom we may refer potential customers for their business. In general, if we refer an applicant that takes a loan from one of our strategic partners, that strategic partner pays us a commission based on the amount of the originated loan. The partners determine whether to extend credit to referred applicants using their own credit models and criteria. 
 Certain states require a license to broker commercial loans or apply other restrictions to loan brokering activities. We believe that our strategic referral program for small business products would not be considered loan brokering under those state laws and, as such, would not require us to obtain a license. There is a risk that states could adopt new laws or amend or interpret existing laws to require us to obtain a broker license, impose penalties for noncompliance, or otherwise prevent us from making further referrals and collecting 
 22 

commissions from our referral partners. Challenges to our program could also result in costly and time-consuming litigation, damage to our reputation and harm our operating results. 
 To the extent that independent sales organization program partners, other third parties or internal sales representatives mislead loan applicants or engage or previously engaged in disreputable behavior, our reputation may be harmed and we may face liability. 
 We rely on third-party independent advisors, including commercial loan brokers, which we call independent sales organization program partners, or ISOs, for a significant portion of the small business customers to whom we issue loans. As a consequence of their status as independent contractors who provide services for multiple lenders, we have less control of third-party independent sales activities as compared to the activities of our internal sales representatives. 
 Because ISOs earn fees on a commission basis, ISOs may have an incentive to mislead loan applicants, facilitate the submission by loan applicants of false application data or engage in other disreputable behavior so as to earn additional commissions. We also rely on our internal sales representatives for customer acquisition in our direct marketing channel, who may also be motivated to engage in disreputable behavior to increase our customer base because such internal sales representatives are paid on a commission basis. If ISOs or our internal sales representatives mislead our customers or engage in other disreputable behavior, our customers are less likely to be satisfied with their experience and we may be subject to costly and time-consuming disputes. Negative publicity relating to ISOs or internal sales representatives could impair our ability to continue to increase our revenue and our business could otherwise be materially and negatively impacted. 
 We significantly enhanced, and regularly update, the nature and scope of the due diligence conducted on both prospective and existing ISOs. We also implemented certain enhanced contractual provisions and compliance-related measures related to our ISO program. While these measures were intended to improve certain aspects and reduce the risks of how we work with ISOs and how they work with our customers, we cannot assure that these measures will work or continue to work as intended, that other compliance-related concerns will not emerge in the future, that the ISOs will comply with these measures, and that these measures will not negatively impact our business from this channel or have other unintended or negative impacts on our business beyond the ISO channel. 
 In addition, we do business with third parties who are not part of our ISO program, including third parties who may refer potential customers to us. Although such third parties are solely intended to refer to our internal processes we are exposed to the risks of potential misleading or disreputable behavior from these third parties as well as from our ISOs. 
 As to our sales force, sales representatives are given sales scripts and receive rigorous training, including in-person training on avoiding unfair, abusive, and deceptive practices. In addition, internal sales representative calls are recorded and monitored for purposes of compliance and quality assurance. Despite these controls, we cannot assure that they will work as intended or that all of our internal sales representatives will comply with our procedures. Failure of our internal sales representatives to do so would expose us to the same, or worse, consequences than those relating to the ISO channel. We also refer merchants to third-party lenders. It is conceivable that we are exposed to risk if such third-party lenders engage in wrongful behavior. 
 We pay commissions to our strategic partners, other third parties and ISOs upfront and generally do not recover them in the event the related term loan or line of credit is eventually charged off. 
 We pay commissions to strategic partners and ISOs on the business installment loans and lines of credit we originate through these channels. We pay these commissions at the time the installment loan is originated or line of credit is opened or drawn on. OnDeck also paid such commissions on equipment finance loans. We generally do not require that this commission be repaid to us in the event of a default on an installment loan or line of credit. In certain circumstances we are entitled to recover some or all of the commission paid for equipment finance originations. While we generally discontinue working with strategic partners and ISOs that refer customers to us that ultimately have unacceptably high levels of defaults, to the extent that our strategic partners and ISOs are not at risk of forfeiting their commissions in the event of defaults, they may, to an extent, be indifferent to the riskiness of the potential customers that they refer to us. 
 Any violations of our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, or the failure to detect any such violations, may cause our business, financial condition or results of operations to be adversely affected. 
 Our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics prohibits us and our employees from engaging in unethical business practices. In addition, our ISOs are required to comply with a code of conduct, or the ISO Code, tailored to their brokering services. We refer to our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics and the ISO Code collectively as the Code. However, there can be no assurance that all of our employees, agents, or contractors will refrain from acting in violation of our Code, or that we will be able to detect any such violations. The investigation into potential violations of our Code, or even allegations of such violations, could disrupt our operations, involve significant management distraction, and lead to significant costs and expenses, and such expenses may have a material adverse effect on our financial results. If we, or our employees, agents or contractors, are found to have engaged in practices that violate our Code, we could 
 23 

suffer severe fines, penalties or other consequences that may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. In addition, negative public opinion could result from actual or alleged conduct by us, or our employees, agents or contractors acting on our behalf, in any number of activities or circumstances in violation of our Code, including employment related offenses, such as harassment (sexual or otherwise) and discrimination, regulatory compliance and the use and protection of data and systems, or from actions taken by regulators or others in response to such conduct. 
 The use of personal data for credit underwriting is highly regulated, which exposes us to compliance risk and increased costs. 
 In the United States, the FCRA regulates the collection, dissemination and use of consumer information, including consumer credit information. Compliance with the FCRA and related laws and regulations concerning consumer reports has recently been under regulatory scrutiny. The FCRA requires us to provide a Notice of Adverse Action to a consumer loan applicant when we deny an application for credit, which, among other things, informs the applicant of the action taken regarding the credit application and the specific reasons for the denial of credit. The FCRA also requires us to promptly update any credit information reported to a consumer reporting agency about a consumer and to allow a process by which consumers may inquire about credit information furnished by us to a consumer reporting agency. Historically, the FTC has played a key role in the implementation, oversight, enforcement and interpretation of the FCRA. Pursuant to the Dodd-Frank Act, the CFPB has primary supervisory, regulatory and enforcement authority of FCRA issues, although the FTC also retains its enforcement role regarding the FCRA. The CFPB has taken a more active approach than the FTC, including with respect to regulation, enforcement and supervision of the FCRA. Changes in the regulation, enforcement or supervision of the FCRA may materially affect our business if new regulations or interpretations by the CFPB or the FTC require us to materially alter the manner in which we use personal data in our credit underwriting. The oversight of the FCRA by both the CFPB and the FTC and any related investigation or enforcement activities or our failure to comply with the DPA may have a material adverse impact on our business, including our operations, our mode and manner of conducting business and our financial results. 
 In 2018, the State of California enacted the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 CCPA ), which came into effect on January 1, 2020 and expands the privacy rights of California residents and regulates the sharing of consumer information of California residents. On November 3, 2020, Californians voted to approve Proposition 24, a ballot measure that creates the California Privacy Rights Act CPRA ). The CPRA amends and expands the rights and obligations under the CCPA. Most of the CPRA s substantive provisions took effect on January 1, 2023. The CPRA amends the CCPA and adds new requirements. Therefore, businesses must comply with both the CCPA and the CPRA. Compliance with the CCPA and the CPRA may increase the cost of conducting business in California, and we could see increased litigation costs as a result of the enactment of these laws. Several other states, such as Utah, Colorado, Virginia, Connecticut, Michigan, Ohio, Pennsylvania, and New Jersey, have proposed or passed legislation regarding data privacy and use, which could create more risks and potential costs. 
 Negative public perception of our business could cause demand for our products to significantly decrease. 
 In recent years, consumer advocacy groups and some media reports have advocated governmental action to prohibit or place severe restrictions on short-term and high-cost consumer loans. Such consumer advocacy groups and media reports generally focus on the annual percentage rate for this type of consumer loan, which is compared unfavorably to the interest typically charged by banks to consumers with top-tier credit histories. The fees and/or interest charged by us and others in the industry attract media publicity about the industry and may be perceived as controversial. If the negative characterization of these types of loans becomes increasingly accepted by consumers, demand for any or all of the consumer loan products that we offer could significantly decrease, which could materially affect our business, prospects, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. Additionally, if the negative characterization of these types of loans is accepted by legislators and regulators, we could become subject to more restrictive laws and regulations applicable to short-term loans or other consumer loan products that we offer that could materially adversely affect our business, prospects, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows and could impair our ability to continue current operations. 
 In addition, our ability to attract and retain customers is highly dependent upon the external perceptions of our level of service, trustworthiness, business practices, financial condition and other subjective qualities. Negative perceptions or publicity regarding these matters even if related to seemingly isolated incidents, or even if related to practices not specific to short-term loans, such as debt collection could erode trust and confidence and damage our reputation among existing and potential customers, which could make it difficult for us to attract new customers and retain existing customers and could significantly decrease the demand for our products, could materially adversely affect our business, prospects, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows and could impair our ability to continue current operations. 
 Control of the Congress and the executive branch of the U.S. government could have a significant impact on financial services legislation passed in Congress and signed into law. 
 In January 2021, the Democratic party took control of the Senate and Joseph Biden was inaugurated as President of the United States. In January 2023, the Republican party took control of the House of Representatives. The Biden administration has publicly discussed raising income tax rates, including corporate income taxes. Such legislation would likely lead to an increase in our total tax expense. 
 24 

Further, tax rate changes can also lead to discrete tax expense events at the time of enactment. We are unable to predict at this time the effect of any such new legislation or regulations. 
 Current and future litigation or regulatory proceedings could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 
 We have been and are currently subject to lawsuits (including purported class actions) that could cause us to incur substantial expenditures, generate adverse publicity and could significantly impair our business, force us to cease doing business in one or more jurisdictions or cause us to cease offering or alter one or more products. We are also likely to be subject to further litigation in the future. An adverse ruling in or a settlement of any current or future litigation against us or another provider of loans or financings similar to those we offer could cause us to have to refund fees and/or interest collected, forego collection of the principal amount of loans or the delivery of purchased receivables, pay treble or other multiple damages, pay monetary penalties and/or modify or terminate our operations in particular jurisdictions. 
 Defense of any lawsuit, even if successful, could require substantial time and attention of our management and could require the expenditure of significant amounts for legal fees and other related costs. We and others are also subject to regulatory proceedings, and we could suffer losses as a result of interpretations of applicable laws, rules and regulations in those regulatory proceedings, even if we are not a party to those proceedings. Any of these events could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows and could impair our ability to continue current operations. 
 Judicial decisions, CFPB rulemaking or amendments to the Federal Arbitration Act could render the arbitration agreements we use illegal or unenforceable. 
 We include arbitration provisions in our consumer and business loan and financing agreements. These provisions are designed to allow us to resolve any customer disputes through individual arbitration rather than in court and explicitly provide that all arbitrations will be conducted on an individual and not on a class basis. Thus, our arbitration agreements, if enforced, have the effect of shielding us from class action liability. Our arbitration agreements do not generally have any impact on regulatory enforcement proceedings. We take the position that the arbitration provisions in loan and financing agreements, including class action waivers, are valid and enforceable; however, the enforceability of arbitration provisions is often challenged in court. If those challenges are successful, our arbitration and class action waiver provisions could be unenforceable, which could subject us to additional litigation, including additional class action litigation. 
 In addition, the U.S. Congress has considered legislation that would generally limit or prohibit mandatory arbitration agreements in consumer contracts and has enacted legislation with such a prohibition with respect to certain mortgage loan agreements and also certain consumer loan agreements to members of the military on active duty and their dependents. Further, the Dodd-Frank Act directed the CFPB to study consumer arbitration and report to the U.S. Congress, and it authorized the CFPB to adopt rules limiting or prohibiting consumer arbitration, consistent with the results of its study. 
 The CFPB did issue a final rule on arbitration, which would have prohibited class action waivers in certain consumer financial services contracts. However, the House and Senate each passed a resolution of disapproval of the rule, pursuant to their powers under the Congressional Review Act, and the President signed the bill. Because the rule was disapproved, it cannot be reissued in substantially the same form, and the CFPB cannot issue a substantially similar rule unless the new rule is specifically authorized by a law enacted after the date of the joint resolution disapproving the original rule. 
 Any judicial decisions, legislation or other rules or regulations that impair our ability to enter into and enforce consumer arbitration agreements and class action waivers will increase our exposure to class action litigation as well as litigation in plaintiff-friendly jurisdictions, which would be costly and could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 
 In some circumstances, federal preemption and application of an out-of-state choice of law provision will not, or may not, be available for the benefit of certain non-bank purchasers of loans to defend against a state law claim of usury. 
 Over the past few years there have been several litigation and enforcement actions aimed at issuing banks and their non-bank lending partners. These actions have primarily challenged the validity of the issuing bank partner model that is used by many non-bank lenders, including by the Company. 
 In May 2015, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit held in Madden v. Midland Funding, LLC that federal law did not preempt a state s interest rate limitations when applied to a non-bank debt buyer of a consumer credit card loan seeking to collect interest at the rate originally contracted for by a national bank. 
 25 

In June 2020, each of the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency OCC and the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation FDIC implemented rules to address the valid-when-made doctrine and the uncertainty created by the Madden case. Generally, the rules clarify that the permissible interest on a loan is determined at the time the loan is made by national banks, Federal savings associations, state banks and insured branches of foreign banks and such permissible interest rate is not affected by a subsequent sale, assignment or other transfer to non-bank financial companies or a subsequent change in state law. In July 2020, the attorneys general for California, Illinois and New York filed a complaint in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of California challenging the OCC rule on both substantive and procedural grounds. Additionally, in August 2020, the attorneys general for California, Illinois, Massachusetts, Minnesota, New Jersey, New York, North Carolina and the District of Columbia filed suit in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of California challenging the FDIC rule on similar grounds. In February 2022, the OCC and FDIC prevailed in the litigation brought by the attorneys general. There have also been numerous litigation and enforcement actions that challenge the status of the issuing bank partner as the true lender of the loan in question. These actions primarily rely on the reasoning set forth in CashCall, Inc. v. Morrisey. In that case, the court held that the non-bank consumer lending platform, CashCall, and not its bank partner, was the true lender for certain loans made to West Virginia residents. The court relied on a predominate economic interest test that sought to determine which party (as between the issuing bank and the non-bank lending platform) retained the most economic risk in the loan transaction and should, therefore, be deemed the true lender of the loan. The CashCall decision and other similar actions challenge whether the loans should be subject to the interest rate limitations in the state where the consumer is located rather than in the bank s home state because the non-bank lending platform, and not the bank, is the true lender. The state law remedies with respect to the true lender actions vary depending on the jurisdiction in which the action is filed. 
 On October 27, 2020, the OCC issued a final rule, which was effective December 29, 2020, that determines when a national bank or Federal savings association makes a loan and therefore is the true lender in the context of a partnership between a bank and a third party. The rule provides that a national bank or Federal savings association makes a loan if, as of the date of origination, it (1) is named as the lender in the loan agreement or (2) it funds the loan. On January 5, 2021, the attorneys general from seven states New York, California, Colorado, Massachusetts, Minnesota, New Jersey, and North Carolina and the District of Columbia filed suit against the OCC in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York, challenging the rule. On June 30, 2021, President Biden signed a joint resolution to repeal the OCC s True Lender Rule pursuant to the Congressional Review Act. If we were deemed by a court to be the true lender of any loans originated by the issuing bank partner, it could impact the enforceability of the loans; it could subject us to regulatory investigations, penalties and fines; we might have to alter the terms of the loans we broker; it could create challenges for our capital markets and securitization models; we would have to change the way we do business in such jurisdictions; and we may suffer an adverse impact on our business. 
 If our relationship with certain of our issuing bank partners was to end or the legal structure supporting such relationship was to be successfully challenged, then we may have to comply with additional laws, regulations, and restrictions, and certain states may require us to obtain a lending or similar license. 
 In states that do not require a license to make commercial loans, we make certain small business loans directly to customers pursuant to a specific state s law. However, some states and jurisdictions require a license to make or solicit certain commercial loans in that state or jurisdiction and/or may not honor the choice of another state s law. These states assert either that their own licensing laws and requirements should generally apply to commercial loans made by nonbanks to residents of their state or apply to commercial loans made by nonbanks to residents of their state of certain principal amounts or with certain interest rates or other terms. In such states and jurisdictions and in some other circumstances, certain of our small business loans are originated by an issuing bank partner, which is not subject to state licensing, and offered to us for sale. With respect to OnDeck loans, a bank currently originates all loans in certain states as well as some loans to customers in other states and jurisdictions. These bank originated loans are governed by Utah law, the law of the issuing bank partner s home state. The remainder of OnDeck loans provide that they are governed by Virginia or Utah law. Loans originated by our issuing bank partner are generally priced the same as loans originated by us under Virginia or Utah law. While the other U.S. states where we originate loans currently honor our choice of law, future legal changes could result in any one or more of those states no longer honoring our choice of law or introducing a new licensing regime applicable to our business. In that case, we could potentially address the legal change by altering the terms of our loans, curtailing our originations, or placing more loans through our issuing bank partner. 
 If we were otherwise not able to work with an issuing bank partner or if we were to seek to make commercial and consumer loans directly in certain states, we would have to attempt to comply with the laws of these states in other ways, including through obtaining the appropriate licenses. Compliance with the laws of such states could be costly, and if we are unable to obtain such licenses, our lending activity could substantially decrease or cease entirely in that state jurisdiction and our revenues, growth and profitability would be harmed. 
 If our relationship with an issuing bank partner of commercial and consumer loans were to end or if any other issuing bank partner were to cease operations, we would either need to find a replacement financial institution with which to enter into a similar arrangement or we would need to obtain individual federal, state or local lending licenses or otherwise comply with the laws of those jurisdictions in order to continue to make certain loans in those jurisdictions. Even if we were able to obtain the necessary licenses in those jurisdictions, 
 26 

compliance with the laws, rules and regulations of those jurisdictions could be costly and, depending on the terms of the loans, the interest rates or other loan terms and practices applicable to loans in those jurisdictions might be subject to limits, prohibitions or restrictions. If we were unable to maintain the necessary relationships, unable to obtain the necessary licenses or unable to otherwise comply with applicable law, we would be required to discontinue or curtail certain of our lending, or limit the rates of interest charged on certain loans, in those jurisdictions and would face increased costs and compliance burdens. 
 In addition, if it were found that our activities under our current arrangements with our issuing bank partners constituted impermissible lending within any such jurisdiction, we could face penalties and fines within such jurisdictions, and all or a portion of the interest charged on the loans and/or all or a portion of the principal of the loans could be found to be unenforceable or recoverable by the borrower and, to the extent it is determined that the loans were not originated in accordance with all applicable laws, we could be obligated to purchase certain loans that failed to comply with such legal requirements. Further, any finding that we engaged in lending in states where we are not properly licensed to do so could lead to litigation, harm to our reputation and negatively impact our ability to originate loans. 
 The failure of third parties who provide products, services or support to us to maintain their products, services or support could disrupt our operations or result in a loss of revenue. 
 A portion of our consumer installment loan revenue depends in part on the willingness and ability of unaffiliated third-party lenders, through the CSO program, to make loans to customers. We also utilize many other third parties to provide services to facilitate our lending and financing, including in our underwriting and payment processing. In addition, we rely on a third-party lender in connection with our lending business in Brazil. The loss of the relationship with any of these third parties, and an inability to replace them or the failure of these third parties to maintain quality and consistency in their programs or services or to have the ability to provide their products and services, could cause us to lose customers and substantially decrease the revenue and earnings of our business. Our revenue and earnings could also be adversely affected if any of those third-party providers make material changes to the products or services that we rely on. We also use third parties to support and maintain certain of our communication systems and information systems. If a third-party provider fails to provide its products or services, makes material changes to such products and services, does not maintain its quality and consistency or fails to have the ability to provide its products and services, our operations could be disrupted. Any of these events could result in a loss of revenue and could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 
 Our business depends on the uninterrupted operation of our systems and business functions, including our information technology and other business systems, as well as the ability of such systems to support compliance with applicable legal and regulatory requirements. 
 Our business is highly dependent upon our employees ability to perform, in an efficient and uninterrupted fashion, necessary business functions, such as internet support, contact center activities, and processing and servicing of our loans and receivables purchase agreements. A shut-down of or inability to access the facilities in which our internet operations and other technology infrastructure are based, such as a power outage, a failure of one or more of our information technology, telecommunications or other systems, or sustained or repeated disruptions of such systems could significantly impair our ability to perform such functions on a timely basis and could result in a deterioration of our ability to underwrite, approve and process loans and finance receivables, provide customer service, perform collections activities, or perform other necessary business functions. Any such interruption could have a materially adverse effect on our business, prospects, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 
 In addition, our systems and those of third parties on whom we rely must comply with applicable legal and regulatory requirements and be capable of timely modification to comply with new or amended requirements. Any such systems problems going forward could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, results of operations, financial conditions and cash flows and could impair or prohibit our ability to continue current operations. 
 Decreased demand for our products and specialty financial services and our failure to adapt to such decrease could result in a loss of revenue and could have a material adverse effect on us. 
 The demand for a particular product or service may decrease due to a variety of factors, such as regulatory restrictions that reduce customer access to particular products, the availability of competing or alternative products or changes in customers financial conditions. Should we fail to adapt to a significant change in our customers demand for, or access to, our products, our revenue could decrease significantly. Even if we make adaptations or introduce new products to fulfill customer demand, customers may resist or may reject products whose adaptations make them less attractive or less available. In any event, the effect of any product change on the results of our business may not be fully ascertainable until the change has been in effect for some time. In particular, we have changed, and will continue to change, some of our operations and the products we offer. Any of these events could result in a loss of revenue and could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 
 27 

We are subject to impairment risk. 
 At December 31, 2022, we had goodwill totaling 279.3 million on our consolidated balance sheet, all of which represents assets capitalized in connection with acquisitions and business combinations. Accounting for goodwill requires significant management estimates and judgment. Events may occur in the future, and we may not realize the value of our goodwill. Management performs periodic reviews of the carrying value of our goodwill to determine whether events and circumstances indicate that impairment in value may have occurred. A variety of factors could cause the carrying value of goodwill or an intangible asset to become impaired. Should a review indicate impairment, a write-down of the carrying value of the goodwill or intangible asset would occur, resulting in a non-cash charge, which could adversely affect our results of operations and could also lead to our inability to comply with certain covenants in our financing documents, which could cause a default under those agreements. 
 If the information provided by customers to us is incorrect or fraudulent, we may misjudge a customer s qualification to receive a loan and our operating results may be harmed. 
 Our lending decisions are based partly on information provided to us by loan applicants. To the extent that these applicants provide information to us in a manner that we are unable to verify, our loan decisioning process, including the OnDeck Score , may not accurately reflect the associated risk. In addition, data provided by third-party sources is a significant component of our loan decisioning and this data may contain inaccuracies. Inaccurate analysis of credit data that could result from false loan application information could harm our reputation, business and operating results. 
 In addition, we use identity and fraud checks analyzing data provided by external databases to authenticate each customer s identity. From time to time in the past, these checks have failed and there is a risk that these checks could also fail in the future, and fraud, which may be significant, may occur. We may not be able to recoup funds underlying loans made in connection with inaccurate statements, omissions of fact or fraud, in which case our revenue, operating results and profitability will be harmed. Fraudulent activity or significant increases in fraudulent activity could also lead to regulatory intervention, negatively impact our operating results, brand and reputation, and require us to take steps to reduce fraud risk, which could increase our costs. 
 We are subject to anticorruption laws including the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, anti-money laundering laws and economic sanctions laws, and our failure to comply therewith, particularly if we continue to expand internationally, could result in penalties that could harm our reputation and have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 
 Anticorruption Laws . We are subject to the FCPA, which generally prohibits companies and their agents or intermediaries from making improper payments to foreign officials for the purpose of obtaining or keeping business and/or other benefits. Although we have policies and procedures designed to ensure that we, our employees, agents and intermediaries comply with the FCPA and other anticorruption laws, such policies or procedures may not work effectively all of the time or protect us against liability for actions taken by our employees, agents and intermediaries with respect to our business or any businesses that we may acquire. In the event that we believe, or have reason to believe, that our employees, agents or intermediaries have or may have violated applicable anti-corruption laws, including the FCPA, we may be required to investigate or have a third party investigate the relevant facts and circumstances, which can be expensive and require significant time and attention from senior management. Our continued operation and expansion outside the United States could increase the risk of such violations in the future. 
 Other countries in which we operate or have operated, including Brazil, Australia, Canada and other countries where we intend to operate also have anticorruption laws, which we are, have been or will be subject to. 
 If we are not in compliance with the FCPA and other laws governing the conduct of business with government entities (including local laws), we may be subject to criminal and civil penalties and other remedial measures, which could have an adverse effect on our business, reputation, results of operations and financial condition. Any investigation of any potential violations of the FCPA or other anticorruption laws by U.S. or foreign authorities could harm our reputation and could have a material adverse effect on our business, reputation, prospects, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 
 Anti Money Laundering Laws . We are also subject to anti-money laundering laws and related compliance obligations in the United States and other jurisdictions in which we do business. In the United States, the USA PATRIOT Act and the Bank Secrecy Act require us to maintain an anti-money laundering compliance program covering certain of our business activities. The program must include: (1) the development of internal policies, procedures and controls; (2) designation of a compliance officer; (3) an ongoing employee training program; and (4) an independent audit function to test the program. If we are not in compliance with U.S. or other anti-money laundering laws, we may be subject to criminal and civil penalties and other remedial measures, which could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. Any investigation of any potential violations of anti-money laundering laws by U.S. or international authorities could harm our reputation and could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 
 28 

Economic Sanctions Laws . The United States has imposed economic sanctions that affect transactions with designated foreign countries, nationals and others. In particular, the United States prohibits U.S. persons from engaging with individuals and entities identified as Specially Designated Nationals, such as terrorists and narcotics traffickers. These prohibitions are administered by the Treasury Department s Office of Foreign Assets Control OFAC ). OFAC rules prohibit U.S. persons from engaging in financial transactions with or relating to the prohibited individual, entity or country, require the blocking of assets in which the individual, entity or country has an interest. Blocked assets (e.g., property or bank deposits) cannot be paid out, withdrawn, set off or transferred in any manner without a license from OFAC. Other countries in which we operate also maintain economic and financial sanctions regimes. In the event that we believe, or have reason to believe, that our employees, agents or intermediaries have or may have violated applicable laws or regulations, we may be required to investigate or have a third party investigate the relevant facts and circumstances, which can be expensive and require significant time and attention from senior management. If we are not in compliance with OFAC regulations and other economic and financial sanctions regulations, we may be subject to criminal and civil penalties and other remedial measures, which could have an adverse effect on our business, prospects, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. Any investigation of any potential violations of OFAC regulations or other economic sanctions by U.S. or foreign authorities could harm our reputation and could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 
 Any continued international expansion could increase the risk of violations of FCPA, anti-money laundering laws, OFAC regulations, or similar applicable laws and regulations in the future. 
 Failure of operating controls could produce a significant negative outcome, including customer experience degradation, legal expenses, increased regulatory cost, significant internal and external fraud losses and vendor risk. 
 Losses from operational failures can be material. These losses can arise from a wide range of breaches in controls, procedures, processes and security. Breaches in any of these controls, procedures, processes or security measures could lead to significant legal expense and even punitive damages. Internal fraud, including the stealing and dissemination of client personally identifiable information, can create significant client distrust and result in serious legal action against us. Breaches in client onboarding and servicing processes can degrade customer experience and place current and future revenues at risk. The continued proliferation and technological advances in first and third-party fraud can result in large losses over a short period of time if undetected. While we seek to enhance and develop our operational risk strategy and control structure, there can be no assurance that our efforts will be successful and that we will avoid material operational losses. These potential operational risk loss scenarios are not exhaustive and we could experience a significant loss in any scenario if our operational risk enhancements do not keep pace with our business, capabilities or our continued organizational growth and complexity. In addition, operational failures could have a significant effect on our reputation which could cause additional material harm to our business and prospects. 
 Increased competition from banks, credit card companies, other consumer lenders, and other entities offering similar financial products and services could adversely affect our business, prospects, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 
 We have many competitors. Our principal competitors are consumer loan and finance companies, CSOs, online lenders, credit card companies, auto title lenders and other financial institutions that offer similar financial products and services, including loans on an unsecured as well as a secured basis. Many other financial institutions or other businesses that do not now offer products or services directed toward our traditional customer base, many of whom may be much larger than us, could begin doing so. Significant increases in the number and size of competitors for our business could result in a decrease in the number of loans that we fund or necessitate a change in the terms of the loans that we offer, resulting in lower levels of revenue and earnings in these categories. 
 Competitors of our business may operate, or begin to operate, under business models less focused on legal and regulatory compliance, which could put us at a competitive disadvantage. Some of our U.S. competitors operate using other business models, including a tribal model where the lender follows the laws of a Native American tribe regardless of the state in which the customer resides. Competitors using these models may be able to lend in jurisdictions where we do not and may have higher revenue per customer and significantly less burdensome compliance requirements, among other advantages. Additionally, negative perceptions about these models could cause legislators or regulators to pursue additional industry restrictions that could affect the business model under which we operate. To the extent that these models or other new lending models gain acceptance among consumers, small businesses and investors or that they face less onerous regulatory restrictions than we do, we may be unable to replicate their business practices or otherwise compete with them effectively, which could cause demand for our products to decline substantially. We may be unable to compete successfully against any or all of our current or future competitors. As a result, we could lose market share and our revenue could decline, thereby affecting our ability to generate sufficient cash flow to service our indebtedness and fund our operations. Any such changes in our competition could materially adversely affect our business, prospects, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 
 A sustained deterioration in the economy could reduce demand for our products and services and result in reduced earnings. 
 A sustained deterioration in the economy could cause deterioration in the performance of our loan and finance receivables portfolios. An economic slowdown could result in a decreased number of loans and financing being made to customers due to higher unemployment 
 29 

or an increase in defaults in our products. During an economic slowdown, we could be required to tighten our underwriting standards, which would likely reduce loan and finance receivable balances, and we could face more difficulty in collecting defaulted receivables, which could lead to an increase in losses. 
 We may be unable to protect our proprietary technology and analytics or keep up with that of our competitors. 
 The success of our business depends to a significant degree upon the protection of our software, fraud defenses, underwriting algorithms and other proprietary intellectual property rights. We may be unable to deter misappropriation of our proprietary information, detect unauthorized use or take appropriate steps to enforce our intellectual property rights. In addition, competitors could, without violating our proprietary rights, develop technologies that are as good as or better than our technology. Our failure to protect our software and other proprietary intellectual property rights or to develop technologies that are as good as our competitors could put us at a disadvantage relative to our competitors. Any such failures could have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 We may be subject to intellectual property disputes, which are costly to defend and could harm our business and operating results. 
 From time to time, we face, and we expect to face in the future, allegations that we have infringed the trademarks, copyrights, patents or other intellectual property rights of third parties, including from our competitors or non-practicing entities. Patent and other intellectual property litigation may be protracted and expensive, and the results are difficult to predict and may require us to stop offering certain products or product features, acquire licenses, which may not be available at a commercially reasonable price or at all, or modify our products, product features, processes or websites while we develop non-infringing substitutes. 
 In addition, we use open source software in our technology platform and plan to use open source software in the future. From time to time, we may face claims from parties claiming ownership of, or demanding release of, the source code, potentially including our valuable proprietary code, or derivative works that were developed using such software, or otherwise seeking to enforce the terms of the applicable open source license. These claims could also result in litigation, require us to purchase a costly license or require us to devote additional research and development resources to change our platform, any of which could have a negative effect on our business and operating results. 
 We are subject to cyber security risks and security breaches and may incur increasing costs in an effort to minimize those risks and to respond to cyber incidents. 
 Our business involves the storage and transmission of consumers and businesses proprietary information, and security breaches could expose us to a risk of loss or misuse of this information, litigation, and potential liability. We are entirely dependent on the secure operation of our websites and systems as well as the operation of the internet generally. While we have incurred no material cyber-attacks or security breaches to date, a number of other companies have disclosed cyber-attacks and security breaches, some of which have involved intentional attacks. Attacks may be targeted at us, our customers, or both. Although we devote significant resources to maintain and regularly upgrade our systems and processes that are designed to protect the security of our computer systems, software, networks and other technology assets and the confidentiality, integrity and availability of information belonging to us and our customers, our security measures may not provide absolute security. Despite our efforts to ensure the integrity of our systems, it is possible that we may not be able to anticipate or to implement effective preventive measures against all security breaches, especially because the techniques used by hackers change frequently or may not be recognized until launched, and because cyber-attacks can originate from a wide variety of sources, including third parties outside the Company such as persons who are involved with organized crime or associated with external service providers or who may be linked to terrorist organizations or hostile foreign governments. These risks may increase in the future as we continue to increase our mobile and other internet-based product offerings and expand our internal usage of web-based products and applications or expand into new countries. If an actual or perceived breach of security occurs, customer and/or supplier perception of the effectiveness of our security measures could be harmed and could result in the loss of customers, suppliers or both. Actual or anticipated attacks and risks may cause us to incur increasing costs, including costs to deploy additional personnel and protection technologies, train employees, and engage third-party experts and consultants. 
 A successful penetration or circumvention of the security of our systems could cause serious negative consequences, including significant disruption of our operations, misappropriation of our confidential information or that of our customers, or damage to our computers or systems or those of our customers and counterparties, and could result in violations of applicable privacy and other laws, financial loss to us or to our customers, loss of confidence in our security measures, customer dissatisfaction, significant litigation exposure, and harm to our reputation, all of which could have a material adverse effect on us. In addition, our applicants provide sensitive information, including bank account information when applying for loans or financing. We rely on encryption and authentication technology licensed from third parties to provide the security and authentication to effectively secure transmission of confidential information, including customer bank account and other personal information. Advances in computer capabilities, new discoveries in the field of cryptography or other developments may result in the technology used by us to protect transaction data being breached or compromised. Data breaches can also occur as a result of non-technical issues. In addition, federal and some state regulators are considering rules and standards to address cybersecurity risks and many U.S. states have already enacted laws requiring companies to 
 30 

notify individuals of data security breaches involving their personal data. These mandatory disclosures regarding a security breach are costly to implement and may lead to widespread negative publicity, which may cause customers to lose confidence in the effectiveness of our data security measures. 
 Our servers are also vulnerable to computer viruses, physical or electronic break-ins, and similar disruptions, including denial-of-service attacks. We may need to expend significant resources to protect against security breaches or to address problems caused by breaches. Security breaches, including any breach of our systems or by persons with whom we have commercial relationships that result in the unauthorized release of consumers personal information or businesses proprietary information, could damage our reputation and expose us to a risk of loss or litigation and possible liability. In addition, many of the third parties who provide products, services or support to us could also experience any of the above cyber risks or security breaches, which could impact our customers and our business and could result in a loss of customers, suppliers or revenue. 
 Any of these events could result in a loss of revenue and could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 
 Our ability to collect payment on loans and maintain the accuracy of accounts may be adversely affected by computer viruses, electronic break-ins, technical errors and similar disruptions. 
 The accessibility and automated nature of our platform may make for an attractive target for hacking, computer viruses, physical or electronic break-ins and similar disruptions. Despite efforts to ensure the integrity of our platform, it is possible that we may not be able to anticipate or to implement effective preventive measures against all security breaches of these types, in which case there would be an increased risk of fraud or identity theft, and we may experience losses on, or delays in the collection of amounts owed on, a fraudulently induced loan. In addition, the software that we have developed is highly complex and may contain undetected technical errors that could cause our computer systems to fail. Because each loan and financing provided involves our proprietary underwriting and fraud scoring models, and the applications are highly automated, any failure of our computer systems involving our proprietary credit and fraud scoring models and any technical or other errors contained in the software pertaining to our proprietary underwriting and fraud scoring models could compromise the ability to accurately evaluate potential customers, which would negatively impact our results of operations. Furthermore, any failure of our computer systems could cause an interruption in operations that may result in disruptions or reductions in the amount of collections from the loans and financings we provide to customers. If any of these risks were to materialize, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, results of operations, financial condition or cash flows. 
 If internet search engine providers change their methodologies for organic rankings or paid search results, or our organic rankings or paid search results decline for other reasons, our new customer growth or volume from returning customers could decline. 
 Our new customer acquisition marketing and our returning customer relationship management is partly dependent on search engines such as Google, Bing and Yahoo! to direct a significant amount of traffic to our desktop and mobile websites via organic ranking and paid search advertising. Our competitors paid search activities, pay per click or search engine marketing may result in their sites receiving higher paid search results than ours and significantly increasing the cost of such advertising for us. 
 Our paid search activities may not produce (and in the past have not always produced) the desired results. Internet search engines often revise their methodologies, which could adversely affect our organic rankings or paid search results, resulting in a decline in our new customer growth or existing customer retention, difficulty for our customers in using our web and mobile sites, more successful organic rankings, paid search results or tactical execution efforts for our competitors than for us, a slowdown in overall growth in our customer base and the loss of existing customers, and higher costs for acquiring returning customers, which could adversely impact our business. In addition, search engines could implement policies that restrict the ability of consumer finance companies such as us to advertise their services and products, which could preclude companies in our industry from appearing in a favorable location or any location in the organic rankings or paid search results when certain search terms are used by the consumer. For example, in 2016, Google implemented a new policy that prohibits lenders, lead providers and affiliates from advertising certain financial products on Google AdWords. Advertisements for personal loans that require repayment within 60 days, or U.S. loans with an APR of 36 percent or more, are no longer allowed on Google paid search advertising. In addition, Google requires that advertisements for personal loans contain or link to information about the features, fees, risks and benefits of the advertised loan product. 
 Our online marketing efforts are also susceptible to actions by third parties that could negatively impact our search results. Our sites have experienced meaningful fluctuations in organic rankings and paid search results in the past, and we anticipate similar fluctuations in the future. Any reduction in the number of consumers or small businesses directed to our web and mobile sites could harm our business and operating results. 
 31 

Failure to keep up with the rapid changes in e-commerce and the uses and regulation of the internet could harm our business. 
 The business of providing products and services such as ours over the internet is dynamic and relatively new. We must keep pace with rapid technological change, consumer and small business use habits, internet security risks, risks of system failure or inadequacy, and governmental regulation and taxation, and each of these factors could adversely impact our business. In addition, concerns about fraud, computer security and privacy and/or other problems may discourage additional consumers and small businesses from adopting or continuing to use the internet as a medium of commerce. In countries such as the United States, where e-commerce generally has been available for some time and the level of market penetration of our online financial services is relatively high, acquiring new customers for our services may be more difficult and costly than it has been in the past. In order to expand our customer base, we must appeal to and acquire customers who historically have used traditional means of commerce to conduct their financial services transactions. If these customers prove to be less profitable than our previous customers, and we are unable to gain efficiencies in our operating costs, including our cost of acquiring new customers, our business could be adversely impacted. 
 Our business is subject to complex and evolving U.S. and international laws and regulations regarding privacy, data protection, and other matters. Many of these laws and regulations are subject to change and uncertain interpretation, and could result in claims, changes to our business practices, monetary penalties, increased cost of operations, or declines in user growth or engagement, or otherwise harm our business. 
 Our business is subject to a variety of laws and regulations in the United States and internationally that involve user privacy issues, data protection, advertising, marketing, disclosures, distribution, electronic contracts and other communications, consumer protection and online payment services. The introduction of new products or expansion of our activities in certain jurisdictions may subject us to additional laws and regulations. In addition, international data protection, privacy, and other laws and regulations can be more restrictive than those in the United States. U.S. federal and state and international laws and regulations, which can be enforced by private parties or government entities, are constantly evolving and can be subject to significant change, and the U.S. government, including the FTC and the Commerce Department, has announced that it is reviewing the need for greater regulation of the collection of information concerning consumer behavior on the internet, including regulation aimed at restricting certain targeted advertising practices. In addition, the application and interpretation of these laws and regulations are often uncertain, particularly in the new and rapidly evolving e-commerce industry in which we operate, and may be interpreted and applied inconsistently from country to country and inconsistently with our current or past policies and practices. A number of proposals are pending before federal, state, and international legislative and regulatory bodies that could significantly affect our business. There have been a number of recent legislative proposals in the United States, at both the federal and state level, that could impose new obligations in areas such as privacy. In addition, some countries are considering legislation requiring local storage and processing of data that, if enacted, would increase the cost and complexity of delivering our services. These existing and proposed laws and regulations can be costly to comply with and can delay or impede the development of new products, the expansion into new markets, result in negative publicity, increase our operating costs, require significant management time and attention, and subject us to inquiries or investigations, claims or other remedies, including demands that we modify or cease existing business practices or pay fines, penalties or other damages. 
 Growth may place significant demands on our management and our infrastructure and could be costly. 
 We have experienced substantial growth in our business. This growth has placed and may continue to place significant demands on our management and our operational and financial infrastructure. Expanding our products or entering into new jurisdictions with new or existing products can be costly and require significant management time and attention. Additionally, as our operations grow in size, scope and complexity and our product offerings increase, we will need to enhance and upgrade our systems and infrastructure to offer an increasing number of enhanced solutions, features and functionality. The expansion of our systems and infrastructure will require us to commit substantial financial, operational and technical resources in advance of an increase in the volume of business, with no assurance that the volume of business will increase. Continued growth could also strain our ability to maintain reliable service levels for our customers, develop and improve our operational, financial and management controls, develop and enhance our legal and compliance controls and processes, enhance our reporting systems and procedures and recruit, train and retain highly skilled personnel. Competition for these personnel is intense and is particularly intense for technology and analytics professionals. We may not be successful in attracting and retaining qualified personnel. We have from time to time in the past experienced, and we expect to experience in the future, difficulty in hiring and retaining highly skilled employees with appropriate qualifications. Many of the companies with which we compete for experienced personnel have greater resources or more attractive compensation mixes than we have had. Managing our growth will require significant expenditures and allocation of valuable management resources. Failure to achieve the necessary level of efficiency in our organization as it grows could materially adversely affect our business, prospects, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows and could impair our ability to continue current operations. 
 32 

New top-level domain names may allow the entrance of new competitors or dilution of our brands, which may reduce the value of our domain name assets. 
 We have invested heavily in promoting our brands, including our website addresses. The Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers, the entity responsible for administering internet protocol addresses, has introduced additional new domain name suffixes in different formats, many of which may be more attractive than the formats held by us and which may allow the entrance of new competitors at limited cost. It may also permit other operators to register websites with addresses similar to ours, causing customer confusion and dilution of our brands, which could materially adversely affect our business, prospects, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. Any defensive domain registration strategy or attempts to protect our trademarks or brands could become a large and recurring expense and may not be successful. 
 Future acquisitions could disrupt our business and harm our financial condition and operating results. 
 Our success will depend, in part, on our ability to expand our product and service offerings and markets and grow our business in response to changing customer demands, regulatory environments, technologies and competitive pressures. In some circumstances, we may expand our offerings through the acquisition of complementary businesses, solutions or technologies rather than through internal development. The identification of suitable acquisition candidates can be difficult, time-consuming and costly, and we may not be able to successfully complete identified acquisitions. Furthermore, even if we successfully complete an acquisition, we may not be able to successfully assimilate and integrate the business, technologies, solutions, personnel or operations of the business that we acquire, particularly if key personnel of an acquired company decide not to work for us. In addition, we may issue equity securities to complete an acquisition, which would dilute our stockholders ownership and could adversely affect the price of our common stock. Acquisitions may also involve the entry into geographic or business markets in which we have little or no prior experience or may expose us to additional material liabilities. Consequently, we may not achieve anticipated benefits of the acquisitions, which could harm our operating results. 
 The preparation of our financial statements and certain tax positions taken by us require the judgment of management, and we could be subject to risks associated with these judgments or could be adversely affected by the implementation of new, or changes in the interpretation of existing, accounting principles, financial reporting requirements or tax rules. 
 The preparation of our financial statements requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities, at the dates of the consolidated financial statements and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting periods. 
 We carry our loans and finance receivables at fair value on the consolidated balance sheets. The fair values of our loans and finance receivables are determined using Level 3 inputs for which changes could significantly impact our fair value measurements. Valuations are highly dependent upon the reasonableness of our assumptions and the predictability of the relationships that drive the results of our valuation methodologies. A variety of factors including, but not limited to, estimated customer default rates, the timing of expected payments, estimated utilization rates on line of credit accounts, estimated costs to service the portfolio, interest rates, observed credit spreads in the marketplace and valuations of comparable portfolios may ultimately affect the fair values of our loans and finance receivables. Modifications to our assumptions due to the passage of time and more information becoming available could result in material changes to our fair value calculations. These changes to fair value could adversely affect our results of operations. These changes are generally recorded directly to the income statement, which may make our financial statements less comparable to others in the industry that do not record their loan balances under the fair value option. 
 Management s judgment is required in determining the provision for income taxes, the deferred tax assets and liabilities and any valuation allowance recorded against deferred tax assets. Management s judgment is also required in evaluating whether tax benefits meet the more-likely-than-not threshold for recognition under Accounting Standards Codification 740-10-25, Income Taxes . Our interpretations of tax laws are subject to review and examination by the various taxing authorities in the jurisdictions where we operate, and disputes may occur regarding our view on a tax position. These disputes over interpretations with the various taxing authorities may be settled by audit, administrative appeals or adjudication in the court systems of the tax jurisdictions in which we operate. In addition, we may revise our estimate of income taxes due to changes in income tax laws, legal interpretations, and business strategies. It is possible that revisions in our estimate of income taxes may materially affect our results of operations in any reporting period. We regularly review whether we may be assessed additional income taxes as a result of the resolution of these matters, and we record additional reserves as appropriate. 
 In addition, we prepare our financial statements in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles GAAP ), and its interpretations are subject to change over time. If new rules or interpretations of existing rules require us to change our financial reporting, our results of operations and financial condition could be materially adversely affected, and we could be required to restate historical financial reporting. 
 33 

Our U.S. consumer and small business loan businesses are seasonal in nature, which causes our cash flows to fluctuate over the year. 
 Our U.S. consumer and small business loan businesses are affected by fluctuating demand for our products and services and fluctuating collection rates throughout the year. Demand for our consumer loan products in the United States has historically been highest in the third and fourth quarters of each year, corresponding to the holiday season, and lowest in the first quarter of each year, corresponding to our customers receipt of income tax refunds. Demand for our small business loan products and services in the United States has historically been highest in the fourth quarter and early first quarter of each year, corresponding generally to holiday and post-holiday season needs, and lowest at the end of the first quarter and beginning of the second quarter of each year, where we believe that our customers businesses are generally slower. This seasonality requires us to manage our cash flows over the course of the year. If our originations were to increase and our collections were to fall substantially below what we would normally expect during certain periods, our ability to service debt and meet our other liquidity requirements may be adversely affected, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, results of operations, and financial condition. 
 Potential union activities could have an adverse effect on our relationship with our workforce. 
 None of our employees are currently covered by a collective bargaining agreement or represented by an employee union. Occasionally we experience union organizing activities. If our employees become represented by an employee union or become subject to a collective bargaining agreement, it may make it more difficult for us to manage our business and to attract and retain new employees and may increase our cost of doing business. Having our employees become represented by an employee union, having a collective bargaining agreement or having additional requirements related to our employees imposed on us could result in work stoppages and higher employee costs and could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows and could impair our ability to continue current operations. 
 Our success is dependent, in part, upon our officers, and if we are not able to attract and retain qualified officers, our business could be materially adversely affected. 
 Our success depends, in part, on our officers, which are a relatively small group of individuals. Many members of the senior management team have significant industry experience, and we believe that our senior management would be difficult to replace, if necessary. Because the market for qualified individuals is highly competitive, we may not be able to attract and retain qualified officers or candidates. In addition, increasing regulations on and negative publicity about the consumer financial services industry could affect our ability to attract and retain qualified officers. If we are unable to attract or retain qualified officers, it could materially adversely affect our business. 
 Our operations could be subject to natural disasters and other business disruptions, which could adversely impact our future revenue and financial condition and increase our costs and expenses. 
 Our services and operations are vulnerable to damage or interruption from tornadoes, hurricanes, earthquakes, fires, floods, other natural disasters, power losses, telecommunications failures, terrorist attacks, acts of war, human errors, public health crises and similar events. A significant natural disaster, such as a tornado, hurricane, earthquake, fire or flood, could have a material adverse impact on our ability to conduct business, and our insurance coverage may be insufficient to compensate for losses that may occur. Despite any precautions we may take, system interruptions and delays could occur if there is a natural disaster, if a third-party provider closes a facility we use without adequate notice for financial or other reasons, or if there are other unanticipated problems at our leased facilities. Because we rely heavily on our servers, computer and communications systems and the internet to conduct our business and provide high-quality customer service, disruptions could harm our ability to run our business and cause lengthy delays which could harm our business, results of operations and financial condition. Acts of terrorism, war, civil unrest, violence or human error could cause disruptions to our business or the economy as a whole. Our business interruption insurance may not be sufficient to compensate us for losses that may result from interruptions in our service as a result of system failures or other disruptions. Any of these events could cause consumer and small business confidence to decrease, which could result in a decreased number of loans and financing being made to customers. Any of these occurrences could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 
 We may incur property, casualty or other losses not covered by insurance. 
 We maintain a program of insurance coverage for various types of property, casualty and other risks. The types and amounts of insurance that we obtain will vary from time to time, depending on availability, cost and management s decisions with respect to risk retention. The policies are subject to deductibles and exclusions that could result in our retention of a level of risk on a self-insurance basis. Losses not covered by insurance could be substantial and may increase our expenses, which could harm our results of operations and financial condition. 
 34 

Risks Related to our Indebtedness 
 We have incurred significant indebtedness, which could adversely affect our financial condition and prevent us from fulfilling our obligations under anticipated agreements governing our indebtedness. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had approximately 2,258.7 million of total debt outstanding. Interest expense on our indebtedness totaled 118.2 million during the year ended December 31, 2022. Our level of debt could have important consequences to our stockholders, including: 
 limiting our ability to obtain additional financing to fund future working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions or other general corporate requirements; 

requiring a substantial portion of our cash flows to be dedicated to debt service payments instead of other purposes, thereby reducing the amount of cash flows available for working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions and other general corporate purposes; 

increasing our vulnerability to general adverse economic and industry conditions; 

exposing us to the risk of increased interest rates to the extent that our borrowings are at variable rates of interest; 

limiting our flexibility in planning for and reacting to changes in the industry in which we compete; 

placing us at a disadvantage compared to other, less leveraged competitors or competitors with comparable debt and more favorable terms and thereby affecting our ability to compete; and 

increasing our cost of borrowing. 

We and our subsidiaries may incur significant additional indebtedness in the future. If new indebtedness is added to our current indebtedness levels, the related risks that we face would increase. 
 The terms of the agreements governing our indebtedness restrict our current and future operations, particularly our ability to respond to changes or to take certain actions, which could harm our long-term interests. 
 The agreements governing our indebtedness contain various restrictive covenants and require that we maintain certain financial ratios that impose operating and financial restrictions on us and limit our ability to engage in actions that may be in our long-term best interests. These restrictive covenants, among other things, restrict our ability to: 
 incur additional debt; 

incur or permit certain liens to exist; 

make certain investments; 

merge or consolidate with or into, or convey, transfer, lease or dispose of all or substantially all of our assets to, another company; 

make certain dispositions; 

make certain payments; and 

engage in certain transactions with affiliates. 

As a result of all of these covenants and restrictions, we may be: 
 limited in how we conduct our business; 

unable to raise additional debt or equity financing to operate during general economic or business downturns; 

restricted in our ability to acquire new businesses; or 

unable to compete effectively or to take advantage of new business opportunities. 

Any failure to comply with any of these financial and other affirmative and negative covenants could constitute an event of default or trigger an amortization event under our debt agreements, entitling the lenders to, among other things, terminate future credit availability (including under our Credit Agreement), increase the interest rate on outstanding debt, and/or accelerate the maturity of outstanding obligations under our debt agreements. If we were unable to repay the amounts due and payable under such debt agreements that are secured, the applicable lenders and noteholders could seek remedies, including against the collateral pledged under such facilities. An acceleration of the debt under certain facilities could also lead to a default under other facilities due to cross-acceleration provisions. Any such default could materially adversely affect our business, prospects, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows and 
 35 

could impair our ability to continue current operations. In addition, we act as servicer with respect to certain of our securitization facilities. If we default in our servicing obligations, an early amortization event or default could occur with respect to the applicable facility and we could be replaced as servicer. 
 See Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Liquidity and Capital Resources in Part II, Item 7 of this report for additional information concerning our indebtedness. 
 We may not be able to generate sufficient cash to service our indebtedness and may be forced to take other actions to satisfy our obligations under our indebtedness, which may not be successful. 
 Our ability to make scheduled payments on or refinance prior to maturity our debt obligations will depend on our financial condition and operating performance and our ability to enter into other debt financings, which are subject to prevailing economic and competitive conditions and to financial, business, legislative, regulatory, capital markets and other factors beyond our control. We might not be able to maintain a level of cash flows from operating activities sufficient to permit us to pay the principal, premium, if any, and interest on our indebtedness. For information regarding the risks to our business that could impair our ability to satisfy our obligations under our indebtedness, see Risk Factors Risks Related to Our Business and Industry. If our cash flows and capital resources are insufficient to fund our debt service obligations, we could face substantial liquidity problems and could be forced to reduce or delay investments and capital expenditures or to dispose of material assets or operations, seek additional debt or equity capital or restructure or refinance our indebtedness. We may not be able to affect any such alternative measures on commercially reasonable terms or at all and, even if successful, those alternative actions may not allow us to meet our scheduled debt service obligations. If we cannot make scheduled payments on our debt, we will be in default, and lenders could declare all outstanding principal and interest to be due and payable, the lenders under our Credit Agreement could terminate their commitments to loan money and we could be forced into bankruptcy or liquidation. The agreements governing our indebtedness restrict our ability to dispose of certain assets and use the proceeds from those dispositions and may also restrict our ability to raise debt or equity capital to be used to repay other indebtedness when it becomes due. We may not be able to consummate those dispositions or to obtain proceeds in an amount sufficient to meet any debt service obligations then due. Our inability to generate sufficient cash flows to satisfy our debt obligations, or to refinance our indebtedness on commercially reasonable terms or at all, would materially and adversely affect our financial condition, liquidity, results of operations and cash flows and our ability to satisfy our obligations under our indebtedness. 
 Changes in our financial condition or a potential disruption in the capital markets could reduce available capital. 
 If funds are not available from our operations and any excess cash or from our Credit Agreement, we may be required to access the banking and credit markets to meet our financial commitments and short-term liquidity needs. We also expect to periodically access the debt capital markets to obtain capital to finance growth. Efficient access to the debt capital markets will be critical to our ongoing financial success; however, our future access to the debt capital markets could become restricted due to a variety of factors, including a deterioration of our earnings, cash flows, balance sheet quality, or overall business or industry prospects, adverse regulatory changes, a disruption to or deterioration in the state of the capital markets or a negative bias toward our industry by market participants. Disruptions and volatility in the capital markets may cause banks and other credit providers to restrict availability of new credit. Due to the negative bias toward our industry, commercial banks and other lenders have restricted access to available credit to participants in our industry, and we may have more limited access to commercial bank lending than other businesses. Our ability to obtain additional financing in the future will depend in part upon prevailing capital market conditions, and a potential disruption in the capital markets may adversely affect our efforts to arrange additional financing on terms that are satisfactory to us, if at all. If adequate funds are not available, or are not available on acceptable terms, we may not have sufficient liquidity to fund our operations, make future investments, take advantage of acquisitions or other opportunities, or respond to competitive challenges and this, in turn, could adversely affect our ability to advance our strategic plans. Additionally, if the capital and credit markets experience volatility, and the availability of funds is limited, third parties with whom we do business may incur increased costs or business disruption and this could adversely affect our business relationships with such third parties. 
 Increases in customer default rates could make us and our loans less attractive to lenders under debt facilities and investors in securitizations which may adversely affect our access to financing and our business. 
 Increases in customer default rates could make us and our loans less attractive to our existing (or prospective) funding sources. If our existing funding sources do not achieve their desired financial returns or if they suffer losses, they (or prospective funding sources) may increase the cost of providing future financing or refuse to provide future financing on terms acceptable to us or at all. Certain of our securitization facilities and asset-backed notes issued by our subsidiaries are non-recourse to Enova and are collateralized by our loans. If the loans securing such securitization facilities and asset-backed notes fail to perform as expected, the lenders under our securitization facilities and investors in our asset-backed notes, or future lenders or investors in similar arrangements, may increase the cost of providing financing or refuse to provide financing on terms acceptable to us or at all. If we were to be unable to arrange new or alternative methods of financing on favorable terms, we may have to curtail or cease our origination of loans, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, operating results and cash flow. 
 36 

Risks Related to our Common Stock and the Securities Market 
 Certain provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, amended and restated bylaws and Delaware law may discourage takeovers. 
 Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation authorizes our Board of Directors to issue preferred stock and to determine the designations, powers, preferences, and relative, participating, optional, or other special rights, if any, and the qualifications, limitations, or restrictions of our preferred stock, including the number of shares, in any series, without any further vote or action by the stockholders. The rights of the holders of our common stock will be subject to the rights of the holders of any preferred stock that may be issued in the future. The issuance of preferred stock could delay, deter, or prevent a change in control and could adversely affect the voting power or economic value of our stock. 
 In addition, some provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws could make it more difficult for a third party to acquire control of us, even if the change of control would be beneficial to our stockholders, including: 
 limitations on the ability of our stockholders to call special meetings; 

limitations on the ability of our stockholders to act by written consent; 

a separate vote of 80 of the voting power of the outstanding shares of capital stock in order for stockholders to amend the bylaws; and 

advance notice provisions for stockholder proposals and nominations for elections to the Board of Directors to be acted upon at meetings of stockholders. 

The market price of our shares may fluctuate widely. 
 The market price of our common stock may be influenced by many factors, some of which are beyond our control, including, among other things: 
 changes in federal, state or international laws and regulations affecting our industry; 

actual or anticipated variations in quarterly and annual operating results; 

changes in financial estimates and recommendations by research analysts following our common stock or the failure of research analysts to cover our common stock; 

actual or anticipated changes in the United States or international economies; 

terrorist acts or wars or other major catastrophic events; 

announcements by us or our competitors of significant acquisitions, strategic partnerships, divestitures, joint ventures, or other strategic initiatives; 

the trading volume of our common stock; and 

the other risks and uncertainties described herein. 

The stock markets have experienced price and volume fluctuations that have affected and continue to affect the market price of equity securities of many companies. These fluctuations have often been unrelated or disproportionate to the operating performance of these companies. These broad market fluctuations, as well as general economic, systemic, political, and market conditions, such as recessions, loss of investor confidence or interest rate changes, may negatively affect the market price of our common stock. 
 If securities or industry analysts publish research that is unfavorable about our business, our stock price and trading volume could decline. 
 The trading market for our common stock depends in part on the research and reports that securities or industry analysts publish about us or our business. We currently have a limited number of analysts who are publishing research about us. In the event that one or more of our analysts downgrades our stock or publishes misleading or unfavorable research about our business, our stock price could decline. If one or more of these analysts ceases coverage of our company, demand for our stock may decrease, which could cause our stock price or trading volume to decline. 
 37 

We do not anticipate paying any dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable future. As a result, stockholders will need to sell their shares of common stock to receive any income or realize a return on their investment. 
 We do not anticipate paying any dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable future. Any declaration and payment of future dividends to holders of our common stock may be limited by the provisions of the Delaware General Corporation Law DGCL and are limited by the terms of the Credit Agreement, 2024 Senior Notes, 2025 Senior Notes and our loan securitization facilities. The future payment of dividends, if permitted, will be at the sole discretion of our Board of Directors and will depend on many factors, including our earnings, capital requirements, financial condition, and other considerations that our Board of Directors deem relevant. As a result, to receive any income or realize a return on their investment, our stockholders will need to sell their shares of common stock. 
 Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation designates the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware as the exclusive forum for certain litigation that may be initiated by our stockholders, which could limit our stockholders ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us. 
 Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware will be the sole and exclusive forum for (i) any derivative action or proceeding brought on our behalf, (ii) any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed to us or our stockholders by any of our directors, officers, employees or agents, (iii) any action asserting a claim against us arising under the DGCL or (iv) any action asserting a claim against us that is governed by the internal affairs doctrine. Our stockholders are deemed to have notice of and have consented to the provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation related to choice of forum. The choice of forum provision in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation may limit our stockholders ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us. 
 
 I TEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 None. 
 
 I TEM 2. PROPERTIES 
 We lease our corporate headquarters, which is located in Chicago, Illinois. We maintain additional leased offices in (i) South Jordan, Utah focusing on consumer and small business application intake and support functions and small business underwriting functions, (ii) New York, New York and Denver, Colorado for primarily small business operations and (iii) S o Paulo, for our Brazilian operations. We do not own any real property. We believe that our leased facilities are adequate to support our operations and that, as needed, we will be able to obtain suitable additional facilities on commercially reasonable terms. 

I TEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 Information concerning legal proceedings is incorporated herein by reference to Note 11, Commitments and Contingencies, to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 

I TEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 Not applicable. 
 
 38 

P ART II 

I TEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 Principal Market 
 The principal market for our common stock is the New York Stock Exchange NYSE ), and our shares of common stock are listed under the symbol ENVA. 
 Stockholders 
 There were 271 registered stockholders of record of Enova common stock as of February 22, 2023. 
 Dividends 
 We do not anticipate paying any dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable future. The declaration and amount of any future dividends, however, will be determined by our Board of Directors and will depend on our financial condition, earnings and capital requirements, covenants associated with our debt obligations and any other factors that our Board of Directors believes are relevant. There can be no assurance, however, that we will pay any cash dividends on our common stock in the future. See Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Liquidity and Capital Resources in Part II, Item 7 of this report. 
 39 

Performance Graph 
 The following graph shows a comparison of the cumulative total shareholder return for our common stock to the return for the S P SmallCap 600 Index, representing a broad-based equity market index that we are a part of, the S P SmallCap 600 Financials Index, representing an industry-based index that we are a part of, from December 31, 2017 through December 31, 2022, and a self-constructed peer group of companies (the Old Peer Group consisting of Envestnet, Inc., Fair Isaac Corporation, Green Dot Corporation, Groupon, Inc., LendingClub Corporation, Morningstar, Inc. Nelnet, Inc., OneMain Holdings, Inc., Regional Management Corp., SS C Technologies Holdings, Inc., and World Acceptance Corp. This data assumes an investment of 100 in each of our common stock and the three indices on December 31, 2017 and that all dividends were reinvested. 
 For fiscal year 2022, we moved to using the S P SmallCap 600 Financials Index instead of the Old Peer Group because we believe the comparison to the S P SmallCap 600 Financials Index is a more applicable comparison. Note that historic performance is not necessarily indicative of future performance. 

Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities 
 We did not sell any unregistered securities during the three years ended December 31, 2022. 
 Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 The following table provides the information with respect to purchases made by us of shares of our common stock. 

Period 
 
 Total Number of Shares Purchased (a) 

Average Price Paid Per Share 

Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plan (b) 

Approximate Dollar Value of Shares that May Yet Be Purchased Under the Plan (b) (in thousands) 

October 1 October 31, 2022 

217,126 

31.20 

209,600 

20,395 

November 1 November 30, 2022 

152,206 

38.37 

151,101 

164,598 

December 1 December 31, 2022 

164,681 

38.81 

164,681 

158,207 

Total 

534,013 

35.59 

525,382 

158,207 

40 

(a) Includes shares withheld from employees as tax payments for shares issued under the Company s stock-based compensation plans of 7,526 shares and 1,105 shares for the months of October and November, respectively. See Note 13 in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional details on the Company s stock-based compensation plans. 

(b) On November 4, 2021, the Company announced the Board of Directors authorized a new share repurchase program totaling 150.0 million through December 31, 2022 (the 2021 Authorization which replaced the previous authorization. On February 9, 2022, the Company announced the Board of Directors authorized a new share repurchase program totaling 100.0 million through June 30, 2023 (the February 2022 Authorization ). The February 2022 Authorization replaced the 2021 Authorization. The Company repurchased 132.7 million of common stock under the 2021 Authorization before it was terminated. On November 7, 2022 the Company announced the Board of Directors authorized an increase to its share repurchase program of up to 150.0 million through December 31, 2023 (the November 2022 Authorization ). The November 2022 Authorization will go into effect when the February 2022 Authorization is exhausted. All share repurchases made under these repurchase authorizations have been through open market transactions. 

I TEM 6. RESERVED 
 
 41 

I TEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS. 
 RECENT REGULATORY DEVELOPMENTS 
 Consumer Financial Protection Bureau CFPB 
 On May 24, 2021, we received a Civil Investigative Demand CID from the CFPB concerning certain loan processing issues. We cooperated fully with the CFPB and provided all requested data and information in response to the CID. We anticipate being able to expeditiously complete the investigation as several of the issues were self disclosed and we have provided restitution to customers who may have been negatively impacted. We received a second CID in April 2022 requesting additional information. We have provided all requested information in response to the CID. 
 On October 6, 2017, the CFPB issued its final rule entitled Payday, Vehicle Title, and Certain High-Cost Installment Loans (the Small Dollar Rule ), which covers certain consumer loans that we offer. The Small Dollar Rule requires that lenders who make short-term loans and longer-term loans with balloon payments reasonably determine consumers ability to repay the loans according to their terms before issuing the loans. The Small Dollar Rule also introduces new limitations on repayment processes for those lenders as well as lenders of other longer-term loans with an annual percentage rate greater than 36 percent that include an ACH authorization or similar payment provision. If a consumer has two consecutive failed payment attempts, the lender must obtain the consumer s new and specific authorization to make further withdrawals from the consumer s bank account. For loans covered by the Small Dollar Rule, lenders must provide certain notices to consumers before attempting a first payment withdrawal or an unusual withdrawal and after two consecutive failed withdrawal attempts. On June 7, 2019, the CFPB issued a final rule to set the compliance date for the mandatory underwriting provisions of the Small Dollar Rule to November 19, 2020. On July 7, 2020, the CFPB issued a final rule rescinding the ability to repay ATR provisions of the Small Dollar Rule along with related provisions, such as the establishment of registered information systems for checking ATR and reporting loan activity. The payment provisions of the Small Dollar Rule remain in place. In April 2018, an action was filed against the CFPB making a constitutional challenge to the Small Dollar Rule. On October 19, 2022, a three-judge panel of the Fifth Circuit U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals ruled that the funding structure of the CFPB is unconstitutional and vacated the Small Dollar Rule. On November 14, 2022, the CFPB filed a Petition for Writ of Certiorari with the U.S. Supreme Court to review the Fifth Circuit ruling. On January 13, 2023, the Brief in Opposition to the Petition for writ was filed. If the Small Dollar Rule does become effective in its current proposed form, we will need to make certain changes to our payment processes and customer notifications in our U.S. consumer lending business. 
 Illinois SB 1792 
 On March 23, 2021, the Economic Equity Act EEA became effective in Illinois. The EEA implements a 36 rate cap on all consumer lending, with the APR calculated consistent with the Military Lending Act s Military Annual Percentage Rate. The EEA applies to consumer loans originated on or after the effective date. In addition, the EEA provides for the application of a predominant economic interest test for bank service arrangements. Pursuant to the predominant economic interest test, a broker or service with a predominant economic interest in a loan is considered to be the true lender for purposes of applying the EEA and the 36 rate cap. 
 New Mexico HB 132 
 On February 15, 2022, the New Mexico Legislature passed HB 132. The bill imposes a 36 rate cap on loans up to 10,000. Additionally, HB 132 provides for the application of a predominant economic interest test for bank service arrangements whereby a broker or servicer with a predominant economic interest in a loan is considered to be the true lender for purposes of applying the 36 rate cap. The New Mexico Governor signed the bill into law on March 1, 2022. The law took effect on January 1, 2023. 
 Brazil General Data Privacy Law 
 On August 14, 2018, Brazil adopted the General Data Privacy Law (Lei Geral de Prote o de Dados Pessoais or LGPD ). The key provisions of LGPD are quite similar to the European Union s General Data Protection Regulation GDPR in that it grants certain rights to data subjects, imposes obligations on companies with regard to the processing of data, and allows authorities to impose substantial fines on companies that violate the law. LGPD was originally anticipated to go into effect on February 15, 2020; however, several amendments to LGPD delayed the effective date. LGPD took effect on September 18, 2020, and enforcement of the penalties and sanctions for non-compliance began August 1, 2021. Compliance with LGPD may increase the cost of conducting business in Brazil, and we could see regulatory compliance costs and enforcement activity now that the law is in effect. 
 42 

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 Highlights 
 Our financial results for the year ended December 31, 2022 2022 are summarized below. 
 Revenue increased 528.2 million, or 43.7 , to 1,736.1 million in 2022 compared to 1,207.9 million in the year ended December 31, 2021 2021 ). 

Net revenue increased 93.3 million, or 9.1 , to 1,117.6 million in 2022 compared to 1,024.3 million in 2021. 

Income from Operations decreased 29.1 million, or 7.0 , to 384.0 million in 2022, compared to 413.1 million in 2021. 

Net income was 207.4 million in 2022, compared to 256.3 million in 2021. Diluted earnings per share were 6.19 in 2022 compared to 6.79 in 2021. 

43 

Overview 
 The following tables reflect our results of operations for the periods indicated, both in dollars and as a percentage of total revenue (dollars in thousands, except per share data): 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Revenue 

Loans and finance receivables revenue 

1,712,855 

1,192,043 

1,076,204 

Other 

23,230 

15,889 

7,506 

Total Revenue 

1,736,085 

1,207,932 

1,083,710 

Change in Fair Value 

(618,521) 

(183,672) 

(399,517) 

Net Revenue 

1,117,564 

1,024,260 

684,193 

Operating Expenses 

Marketing 

382,573 

271,160 

69,780 

Operations and technology 

173,668 

147,700 

96,284 

General and administrative 

140,464 

156,962 

140,600 

Depreciation and amortization 

36,867 

35,375 

19,732 

Total Operating Expenses 

733,572 

611,197 

326,396 

Income from Operations 

383,992 

413,063 

357,797 

Interest expense, net 

(115,887) 

(76,509) 

(86,691) 

Foreign currency transaction (loss) gain, net 

(645) 

(382) 

514 

Gain on bargain purchase 

163,999 

Equity method investment income 

6,435 

2,953 

628 

Other nonoperating expenses 

(1,321) 

(1,970) 

(827) 

Income before Income Taxes 

272,574 

337,155 

435,420 

Provision for income taxes 

65,150 

80,087 

57,191 

Net income from continuing operations before noncontrolling interest 

207,424 

257,068 

378,229 

Less: Net income attributable to noncontrolling interest 

773 

85 

Net income from continuing operations 

207,424 

256,295 

378,144 

Net loss from discontinued operations 

(300) 

Net income attributable to Enova International, Inc. 

207,424 

256,295 

377,844 

Diluted earnings per share continuing operations 

6.19 

6.79 

11.71 

Diluted loss per share discontinued operations 

(0.01) 

Diluted earnings per share 

6.19 

6.79 

11.70 

Revenue 

Loans and finance receivables revenue 

98.7 

98.7 

99.3 

Other 

1.3 

1.3 

0.7 

Total Revenue 

100.0 

100.0 

100.0 

Change in Fair Value 

(35.6) 

(15.2) 

(36.9) 

Net Revenue 

64.4 

84.8 

63.1 

Operating Expenses 

Marketing 

22.1 

22.5 

6.4 

Operations and technology 

10.0 

12.2 

8.9 

General and administrative 

8.1 

13.0 

13.0 

Depreciation and amortization 

2.1 

2.9 

1.8 

Total Operating Expenses 

42.3 

50.6 

30.1 

Income from Operations 

22.1 

34.2 

33.0 

Interest expense, net 

(6.7) 

(6.3) 

(8.0) 

Foreign currency transaction (loss) gain, net 

0.1 

Gain on bargain purchase 

15.1 

Equity method investment income 

0.4 

0.2 

0.1 

Other nonoperating expenses 

(0.1) 

(0.2) 

(0.1) 

Income before Income Taxes 

15.7 

27.9 

40.2 

Provision for income taxes 

3.8 

6.6 

5.3 

Net income from continuing operations before noncontrolling interest 

11.9 

21.3 

34.9 

Less: Net income attributable to noncontrolling interest 

0.1 

Net income from continuing operations 

11.9 

21.2 

34.9 

Net loss from discontinued operations 

Net income attributable to Enova International, Inc. 

11.9 

21.2 

34.9 

44 

Valuation of Loans and Finance Receivables 
 The COVID-19 pandemic severely impacted global economic conditions, resulting in substantial volatility in the financial markets, increased unemployment, and operational challenges resulting from measures that governments imposed to control its spread. We actively worked with our customers to understand their financial situations, waived late fees, offered a variety of repayment options to increase flexibility and reduced or deferred payments for impacted customers. We took measures to adjust our underwriting procedures, which reduced exposure to more heavily impacted consumers and businesses. Certain of these measures eased since the height of the pandemic, with improvement of economic conditions and our outlook. 
 From a loan valuation perspective, at the onset of the COVID-19 pandemic in the first quarter of 2020, we deemed it appropriate to increase the discount rates used in our internally-developed valuation models, thereby lowering loan fair values, to capture the increase in potential volatility in expected cash flows due to the unprecedented nature of the pandemic and governmental response. These rates remained consistent for the remainder of 2020. Over the course of 2021, we noted a tightening of credit spreads in observable pricing in the market; as such, we reduced the discount rates used in our valuations. As of December 31, 2021, our discount rates had generally returned to the levels utilized immediately prior to the pandemic. Over the course of 2022, we increased our discount rates based primarily on movements in the market. We believe the adjustments to our discount rates to be responsive to changes in the market and representative of what a market participant would use. 
 After seeing increases in delinquency and charge-offs early in the pandemic, we experienced significant improvements to these metrics over the remainder of 2020 and into 2021. The U.S. government provided multiple rounds of stimulus assistance to taxpayers and businesses. Positive COVID-19 test counts as well as the severity of related symptoms have generally decreased across 2021 and 2022, although there have been spikes as different variants escalate and abate. In 2022, views in the marketplace on the economy and its near-term prospects remain mixed with concerns on employment, inflation, and other macroeconomic trends. In certain situations, management concluded that the probability of future charge-offs was higher than what we had experienced in the past and, therefore, increased anticipated charge-offs in our fair value models. We continue to utilize this approach and have adjusted charge-off expectations where appropriate. As of December 31, 2022, we deemed the resulting fair value to be an appropriate market-based exit price that considers current market conditions. 
 NON-GAAP FINANCIAL MEASURES 
 In addition to the financial information prepared in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles GAAP ), we provide historical non-GAAP financial information. We believe that presentation of non-GAAP financial information is meaningful and useful in understanding the activities and business metrics of our operations. We believe that these non-GAAP financial measures reflect an additional way of viewing aspects of our business that, when viewed with our GAAP results, provide a more complete understanding of factors and trends affecting our business. 
 We provide non-GAAP financial information for informational purposes and to enhance understanding of our GAAP consolidated financial statements. Readers should consider the information in addition to, but not instead of or superior to, our consolidated financial statements prepared in accordance with GAAP. This non-GAAP financial information may be determined or calculated differently by other companies, limiting the usefulness of those measures for comparative purposes. 
 Adjusted Earnings Measures 
 In addition to reporting financial results in accordance with GAAP, we have provided adjusted earnings and adjusted earnings per share, or, collectively, the Adjusted Earnings Measures, which are non-GAAP measures. We believe that the presentation of these measures provides investors with greater transparency and facilitates comparison of operating results across a broad spectrum of companies with varying capital structures, compensation strategies, derivative instruments and amortization methods, which provides a more complete understanding of our financial performance, competitive position and prospects for the future. We also believe that investors regularly rely on non-GAAP financial measures, such as the Adjusted Earnings Measures, to assess operating performance and that such measures may highlight trends in our business that may not otherwise be apparent when relying on financial measures calculated in accordance with GAAP. In addition, we believe that the adjustments shown below are useful to investors in order to allow them to compare our financial results during the periods shown without the effect of each of these income or expense items. 
 45 

The following table provides reconciliations between net income and diluted earnings per share calculated in accordance with GAAP to the Adjusted Earnings Measures (in thousands, except per share data): 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Net income from continuing operations 

207,424 

256,295 

378,144 

Adjustments: 

Gain on bargain purchase 

(163,999) 

Transaction-related costs (a) 

1,424 

20,023 

Lease termination and cease use loss (b) 

7,535 

Equity method investment income (c) 

(6,107) 

Other nonoperating expenses (d) 

1,321 

1,970 

827 

Intangible asset amortization 

8,055 

6,862 

1,777 

Stock-based compensation expense 

21,950 

21,179 

18,041 

Foreign currency transaction loss (gain), net (e) 

645 

372 

(499) 

Cumulative tax effect of adjustments 

(5,365) 

(9,855) 

(8,038) 

Discrete tax adjustments (f) 

(11,604) 

Adjusted earnings 

227,923 

285,782 

234,672 

Diluted earnings per share from continuing operations 

6.19 

6.79 

11.71 

Adjustments: 

Gain on bargain purchase 

(5.08) 

Transaction-related costs (a) 

0.04 

0.62 

Lease termination and cease use loss (b) 

0.20 

Equity method investment income (c) 

(0.18) 

Other nonoperating expenses (d) 

0.04 

0.05 

0.03 

Intangible asset amortization 

0.24 

0.18 

0.05 

Stock-based compensation expense 

0.66 

0.56 

0.56 

Foreign currency transaction loss (gain), net (e) 

0.02 

0.01 

(0.02) 

Cumulative tax effect of adjustments 

(0.16) 

(0.26) 

(0.25) 

Discrete tax adjustments (f) 

(0.36) 

Adjusted earnings per share 

6.81 

7.57 

7.26 

(a) For the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, we recorded expenses of 1.4 million 1.1 million net of tax) and 20.0 million 19.5 million net of tax), respectively, related to acquisitions and a divestiture of a subsidiary. 

(b) For the year ended December 31, 2021, we recorded losses of 7.5 million 5.6 million net of tax), including a net write-off of leasehold improvements of 4.2 million). 

(c) For the year ended 2022, we recorded equity method investment income of 6.3 million 3.6 million net of tax) that was comprised primarily of an 11.0 million gain generated on the sale by Linear, in which we hold an ownership interest, of its operating company, partially offset by a 4.4 million loss on the sale of OnDeck Canada. 

(d) For the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, we recorded a loss of 1.3 million 1.0 million net of tax) and 0.8 million 0.6 million net of tax), respectively, related to incomplete capital markets transactions. For the year ended December 31, 2021, we recorded a loss of 0.8 million 0.6 million net of tax) related to the partial divestiture of a subsidiary. For the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, we recorded losses on early extinguishment of debt of 0.4 million 0.3 million net of tax) and 0.8 million 0.6 million net of tax), respectively. 

(e) Excludes amounts attributable to noncontrolling interests. 

(f) For the year ended December 31, 2020, we recorded income tax benefits of 11.6 million resulting from the remeasurement of our liability for certain previously unrecognized tax benefits. 

Adjusted EBITDA 
 The table below shows Adjusted EBITDA, which is a non-GAAP measure that we define as earnings excluding depreciation, amortization, interest, foreign currency transaction gains or losses, taxes and stock-based compensation expense. We believe Adjusted EBITDA is used by investors to analyze operating performance and evaluate our ability to incur and service debt and our capacity for making capital expenditures. Adjusted EBITDA is also useful to investors to help assess our estimated enterprise value. In addition, we believe that the adjustments for transaction-related costs, lease termination and cease use (gain) loss, gain on bargain purchase, equity method investment income, and other nonoperating expenses shown below are useful to investors in order to allow them to compare our 
 46 

financial results during the periods shown without the effect of the income or expense items. The computation of Adjusted EBITDA as presented below may differ from the computation of similarly-titled measures provided by other companies (dollars in thousands): 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Net income from continuing operations 

207,424 

256,295 

378,144 

Depreciation and amortization expenses (e) 

36,867 

35,362 

19,726 

Interest expense, net (e) 

115,887 

75,929 

86,507 

Foreign currency transaction loss (gain), net (e) 

645 

372 

(499) 

Provision for income taxes 

65,150 

80,087 

57,191 

Stock-based compensation expense 

21,950 

21,179 

18,041 

Adjustments: 

Transaction-related costs (a) 

1,424 

20,023 

Lease termination and cease use loss (b) 

3,336 

Gain on bargain purchase 

(163,999) 

Equity method investment income 

(6,435) 

(2,953) 

(628) 

Other nonoperating expenses (d) 

1,321 

1,970 

827 

Adjusted EBITDA 

442,809 

473,001 

415,333 

Adjusted EBITDA margin calculated as follows: 

Total Revenue 

1,736,085 

1,207,932 

1,083,710 

Adjusted EBITDA 

442,809 

473,001 

415,333 

Adjusted EBITDA as a percentage of total revenue 

25.5 

39.2 

38.3 

Refer to footnotes in previous table for explanation of (a), (b), (d) and (e). 
 Combined Loans and Finance Receivables 
 Combined loans and finance receivables is a non-GAAP measure that includes both loans and RPAs we own and loans we guarantee, which are either GAAP items or disclosures required by GAAP. We believe this non-GAAP measure provides investors with important information needed to evaluate the magnitude of potential receivable losses and the opportunity for revenue performance of the loans and finance receivables portfolio on an aggregate basis. We also believe that the comparison of the aggregate amounts from period to period is more meaningful than comparing only the amounts reflected on our consolidated balance sheets since both revenue and cost of revenue are impacted by the aggregate amount of receivables we own and those we guarantee as reflected in our consolidated financial statements. 
 YEAR ENDED 2022 COMPARED TO YEAR ENDED 2021 
 Revenue and Net Revenue 
 Revenue increased 528.2 million, or 43.7 , to 1,736.1 million for 2022 as compared to 1,207.9 million for 2021. The change in revenue was driven primarily by a 71.9 increase in revenue from our small business portfolio and a 30.6 increase in revenue from our consumer portfolio as higher levels of originations in 2021 and 2022 led to higher loan balances for both portfolios. 
 Our net revenue was 1,117.6 million for 2022 compared to 1,024.3 million for 2021. Our net revenue as a percentage of revenue net revenue margin was 64.4 in 2022 compared to 84.8 in 2021. The net revenue margin in the prior year was elevated due primarily to lower delinquency rates and lower than expected charge-offs as a result of portfolio seasoning and lower originations. As originations increased across the second half of 2021 and through 2022, the delinquency rates and charge-offs increased, resulting in net revenue margin for 2022 being within a more normal range. 
 47 

The following table sets forth the components of revenue and net revenue, separated by product for 2022 and 2021 (dollars in thousands): 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Change 

Change 

Revenue by product: 

Consumer loans and finance receivables revenue 

1,065,033 

815,251 

249,782 

30.6 

Small business loans and finance receivables revenue 

647,822 

376,792 

271,030 

71.9 

Total loan and finance receivable revenue 

1,712,855 

1,192,043 

520,812 

43.7 

Other 

23,230 

15,889 

7,341 

46.2 

Total revenue 

1,736,085 

1,207,932 

528,153 

43.7 

Change in fair value 

(618,521) 

(183,672) 

(434,849) 

236.8 

Net revenue 

1,117,564 

1,024,260 

93,304 

9.1 

Revenue by product to total): 

Consumer loans and finance receivables revenue 

61.4 

67.5 

Small business loans and finance receivables revenue 

37.3 

31.2 

Total loan and finance receivable revenue 

98.7 

98.7 

Other 

1.3 

1.3 

Total revenue 

100.0 

100.0 

Change in fair value 

(35.6) 

(15.2) 

Net revenue 

64.4 

84.8 

The percentage of revenue from our small business loans and finance receivables increased in 2022 as we placed more emphasis on this portion of our overall portfolio based on strength in demand, credit metrics and outlook. 
 Loan and Finance Receivable Balances 
 The fair value of our loan and finance receivable portfolio in our consolidated financial statements at December 31, 2022 and 2021 was 3,018.5 million and 1,964.7 million, respectively, with an outstanding principal balance of 2,739.2 million and 1,878.4 million, respectively. The fair value of the combined loan and finance receivables portfolio includes 16.3 million with an outstanding principal balance of 12.9 million and 18.8 million with an outstanding principal balance of 11.8 million of consumer loan balances that are guaranteed by us but not owned by us, which are not included in our consolidated financial statements as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. See Non-GAAP Financial Measures Combined Loans and Finance Receivables above for additional information related to combined loans and finance receivables. 
 The following table summarizes loan and finance receivable balances outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 (in thousands): 

As of December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Guaranteed 

Guaranteed 

Company 

by the 

Company 

by the 

Owned (a) 

Company (a) 

Combined (b) 

Owned (a) 

Company (a) 

Combined (b) 

Consumer loans and finance receivables 

Principal 

965,753 

12,937 

978,690 

867,751 

11,789 

879,540 

Fair value 

1,083,062 

16,257 

1,099,319 

890,144 

18,813 

908,957 

Fair value as a of principal 

112.1 

125.7 

112.3 

102.6 

159.6 

103.3 

Small business loans and finance receivables 

Principal 

1,773,411 

1,773,411 

1,010,675 

1,010,675 

Fair value 

1,935,466 

1,935,466 

1,074,546 

1,074,546 

Fair value as a of principal 

109.1 

109.1 

106.3 

106.3 

Total loans and finance receivables 

Principal 

2,739,164 

12,937 

2,752,101 

1,878,426 

11,789 

1,890,215 

Fair value 

3,018,528 

16,257 

3,034,785 

1,964,690 

18,813 

1,983,503 

Fair value as a of principal 

110.2 

125.7 

110.3 

104.6 

159.6 

104.9 

(a) GAAP measure. The loan and finance receivable balances guaranteed by us relate to loans originated by third-party lenders through the CSO programs and are not included in our consolidated balance sheets. 

(b) Amounts represent non-GAAP measures. 

At December 31, 2022, the ratio of fair value as a percentage of principal was 110.2 on company owned loans and finance receivables and 110.3 on combined loans and finance receivables compared to 104.6 on company owned loans and finance receivables and 104.9 on combined loans and finance receivables at December 31, 2021. These ratios increased during the year due primarily to a mix 
 48 

shift towards line of credit products, which generally have a higher fair value as a percentage of principal compared to installment loans, as well as an improvement in credit outlook on certain products, partially offset by higher delinquency rates on certain products. 
 Average Amount Outstanding per Loan and Finance Receivable 
 The average amount outstanding per loan and finance receivable is calculated as the total combined loans and finance receivables, gross balance at the end of the period divided by the total number of combined loans and finance receivables outstanding at the end of the period. The following table shows the average amount outstanding per loan and finance receivable by product at December 31, 2022 and 2021: 

As of December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Average amount outstanding per loan and finance receivable (in ones) (a) 

Consumer loans and finance receivables (b) 

2,089 

1,953 

Small business loans and finance receivables 

39,021 

38,125 

Total loans (b) 

5,172 

3,849 

(a) The disclosure regarding the average amount per loan is statistical data that is not included in our consolidated financial statements. 

(b) Includes loans guaranteed by us, which represent loans originated by third-party lenders through the CSO programs and are not included in our consolidated balance sheets. 

The average amount outstanding per loan increased to 5,172 as of December 31, 2022 compared to 3,849 from prior year, mainly due to an increase in the mix of loans and finance receivables held by small businesses in our portfolio, which are larger on average than our consumer portfolio. 
 Average Loan and Finance Receivable Origination 
 The average loan and finance receivable origination amount is calculated as the total amount of combined loans and finance receivables originated, renewed and purchased for the period divided by the total number of combined loans and finance receivables originated, renewed and purchased for the period. The following table shows the average loan and finance receivable origination amount by product for 2022 compared to 2021: 

Year Ended 

December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Average loan and finance receivable origination amount (in ones) (a) 

Consumer loans and finance receivables (b)(c) 

665 

648 

Small business loans and finance receivables (c) 

17,193 

15,703 

Total loans (b) 

1,823 

1,419 

(a) The disclosure regarding the average loan origination amount is statistical data that is not included in our consolidated financial statements. 

(b) Includes loans guaranteed by us, which represent loans originated by third-party lenders through the CSO programs and are not included in our consolidated balance sheets. 

(c) For line of credit accounts the average represents the average amount of each incremental draw. 

The average loan origination amount increased to 1,823 from 1,419 during 2022 compared to 2021, due primarily to an increase in the mix of higher dollar amount loans and finance receivables to small businesses and, to a lesser extent, the gradual easing of restrictions on loan amounts as risks from the COVID-19 pandemic abated. 
 Credit Performance of Loans and Finance Receivables 
 We monitor the performance of our loans and finance receivables. Internal factors such as portfolio composition (e.g., interest rate, loan term, geography information, customer mix, credit quality) and performance (e.g., delinquency, loss trends, prepayment rates) are reviewed on a regular basis at various levels (e.g., product, vintage). We also weigh the impact of relevant, internal business decisions on portfolio. External factors such as macroeconomic trends, financial market liquidity expectations, competitive landscape and legal/regulatory requirements are also reviewed on a regular basis. 
 49 

The payment status of a customer, including the degree of any delinquency, is a significant factor in determining estimated charge-offs in the cash flow models that we use to determine fair value. The following table shows payment status on outstanding principal, interest and fees as of the end of each of the last eight quarters (dollars in thousands): 

2022 

First 

Second 

Third 

Fourth 

Quarter 

Quarter 

Quarter 

Quarter 

Ending combined loans and finance receivables, including principal and accrued fees/interest outstanding: 

Company owned 

2,169,140 

2,377,514 

2,630,537 

2,837,799 

Guaranteed by the Company (a) 

11,858 

13,997 

14,330 

15,644 

Ending combined loan and finance receivables balance (b) 

2,180,998 

2,391,511 

2,644,867 

2,853,443 

> 30 days delinquent 

113,798 

121,459 

147,688 

190,119 

> 30 days delinquency rate 

5.2 

5.1 

5.6 

6.7 

2021 

First 

Second 

Third 

Fourth 

Quarter 

Quarter 

Quarter 

Quarter 

Ending combined loans and finance receivables, including principal and accrued fees/interest outstanding: 

Company owned 

1,265,987 

1,416,533 

1,650,771 

1,944,263 

Guaranteed by the Company (a) 

6,792 

9,655 

13,239 

13,750 

Ending combined loan and finance receivables balance (b) 

1,272,779 

1,426,188 

1,664,010 

1,958,013 

> 30 days delinquent 

96,228 

81,883 

90,782 

103,213 

> 30 days delinquency rate 

7.6 

5.7 

5.5 

5.3 

(a) Represents loans originated by third-party lenders through the CSO programs, which are not included in our consolidated financial statements. 

(b) Non-GAAP measure. 

50 

Refer to the following sections for discussion of receivable balances and credit metrics at the consumer and small business levels. 
 Consumer Loans and Finance Receivables 
 The following table includes financial information for our consumer loans and finance receivables. Delinquency metrics include principal, interest and fees, and only amounts that are past due (dollars in thousands): 

2022 

First 

Second 

Third 

Fourth 

Quarter 

Quarter 

Quarter 

Quarter 

Consumer loans and finance receivables: 

Consumer combined loan and finance receivable principal balance: 

Company owned 

888,657 

936,601 

972,320 

965,753 

Guaranteed by the Company (a) 

10,027 

11,873 

11,843 

12,937 

Total combined loan and finance receivable principal balance (b) 

898,684 

948,474 

984,163 

978,690 

Consumer combined loan and finance receivable fair value balance: 

Company owned 

934,351 

989,128 

1,056,205 

1,083,062 

Guaranteed by the Company (a) 

14,433 

17,860 

16,144 

16,257 

Ending combined loan and finance receivable fair value balance (b) 

948,784 

1,006,988 

1,072,349 

1,099,319 

Fair value as a of principal (b)(c) 

105.6 

106.2 

109.0 

112.3 

Consumer combined loan and finance receivable balance, including principal and accrued fees/interest outstanding: 

Company owned 

951,560 

1,004,847 

1,039,792 

1,040,517 

Guaranteed by the Company (a) 

11,858 

13,997 

14,330 

15,644 

Ending combined loan and finance receivable balance (b) 

963,418 

1,018,844 

1,054,122 

1,056,161 

Average consumer combined loan and finance receivable balance, including principal and accrued fees/interest outstanding: 

Company owned (d) 

953,108 

966,816 

1,027,100 

1,038,389 

Guaranteed by the Company (a)(d) 

12,960 

12,591 

14,421 

15,050 

Average combined loan and finance receivable balance (b)(d) 

966,068 

979,407 

1,041,521 

1,053,439 

Revenue 

248,547 

253,043 

277,096 

286,347 

Change in fair value 

(116,767) 

(133,078) 

(135,646) 

(145,276) 

Net revenue 

131,780 

119,965 

141,450 

141,071 

Net revenue margin 

53.0 

47.4 

51.0 

49.3 

Delinquencies: 

> 30 days delinquent 

70,480 

72,300 

77,258 

86,884 

> 30 days delinquent as a of combined loan and finance receivable balance (b)(c) 

7.3 

7.1 

7.3 

8.2 

Charge-offs: 

Charge-offs (net of recoveries) 

137,224 

134,524 

167,762 

171,421 

Charge-offs (net of recoveries) as a of average combined loan and finance receivable balance (b)(d) 

14.2 

13.7 

16.1 

16.3 

51 

2021 

First 

Second 

Third 

Fourth 

Quarter 

Quarter 

Quarter 

Quarter 

Consumer loans and finance receivables: 

Consumer combined loan and finance receivable principal balance: 

Company owned 

523,170 

585,087 

709,781 

867,751 

Guaranteed by the Company (a) 

5,691 

8,284 

11,354 

11,790 

Total combined loan and finance receivable principal balance (b) 

528,861 

593,371 

721,135 

879,541 

Consumer combined loan and finance receivable fair value balance: 

Company owned 

581,398 

623,975 

723,553 

890,144 

Guaranteed by the Company (a) 

7,246 

10,824 

16,921 

18,813 

Ending combined loan and finance receivable fair value balance (b) 

588,644 

634,799 

740,474 

908,957 

Fair value as a of principal (b)(c) 

111.3 

107.0 

102.7 

103.3 

Consumer combined loan and finance receivable balance, including principal and accrued fees/interest outstanding: 

Company owned 

564,934 

630,203 

768,964 

927,673 

Guaranteed by the Company (a) 

6,792 

9,655 

13,239 

13,750 

Ending combined loan and finance receivable balance (b) 

571,726 

639,858 

782,203 

941,423 

Average consumer combined loan and finance receivable balance, including principal and accrued fees/interest outstanding: 

Company owned (d) 

598,900 

580,704 

702,818 

836,147 

Guaranteed by the Company (a)(d) 

8,670 

7,585 

11,366 

13,212 

Average combined loan and finance receivable balance (b)(d) 

607,570 

588,289 

714,184 

849,359 

Revenue 

181,737 

174,512 

215,432 

243,570 

Change in fair value 

(26,073) 

(49,708) 

(97,061) 

(104,715) 

Net revenue 

155,664 

124,804 

118,371 

138,855 

Net revenue margin 

85.7 

71.5 

54.9 

57.0 

Delinquencies: 

> 30 days delinquent 

24,589 

26,201 

45,804 

59,312 

> 30 days delinquent as a of combined loan and finance receivable balance (b)(c) 

4.3 

4.1 

5.9 

6.3 

Charge-offs: 

Charge-offs (net of recoveries) 

36,408 

27,050 

57,836 

112,582 

Charge-offs (net of recoveries) as a of average combined loan and finance receivable balance (b)(d) 

6.0 

4.6 

8.1 

13.3 

(a) Represents loans originated by third-party lenders through the CSO programs that we have not yet purchased, which are not included in our consolidated balance sheets. 

(b) Non-GAAP measure. 

(c) Determined using period-end balances. 

(d) The average combined loan and finance receivable balance is the average of the month-end balances during the period. 

The combined ending loan balance, including principal and accrued fees/interest outstanding, of consumer loans and finance receivables at December 31, 2022 increased 12.2 to 1,056.2 million compared to 941.4 million at December 31, 2021, due primarily to the acceleration in originations beginning approximately mid-2021, following the strategic reduction in originations at the onset of the COVID-19 pandemic in early 2020 to mitigate risks associated with the pandemic. 
 The percentage of loans greater than 30 days delinquent increased to 8.2 at December 31, 2022, compared to 6.3 at December 31, 2021. The increase was driven primarily by a mix shift towards line of credit products, which generally have higher interest rates and fees due to the higher risk of default. 
 52 

Charge-offs (net of recoveries) as a percentage of average combined loan balance increased to 16.3 for the three months ended December 31, 2022 (the 2022 fourth quarter ), compared to 13.3 for the three months ended December 31, 2021 (the 2021 fourth quarter ), driven primarily by growth in originations on line of credit products, particularly to new customers, which typically default at a higher percentage than returning customers. 
 The ratio of fair value as a percentage of principal on consumer loans and finance receivables increased to 112.3 at December 31, 2022, compared to 103.3 at December 31, 2021, due primarily to a mix shift towards line of credit products, which generally have a higher fair value as a percentage of principal compared to installment loans. 
 Refer to Results of Operations Valuation of Loans and Finance Receivables in Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations for additional discussion on loan valuation, including the discount rate assumption. 
 Small Business Loans and Finance Receivables 
 The following table includes financial information for our small business loans and finance receivables. Delinquency metrics include principal, interest and fees, and only amounts that are past due (dollars in thousands): 

2022 

First 

Second 

Third 

Fourth 

Quarter 

Quarter 

Quarter 

Quarter 

Small business loans and finance receivables: 

Total loan and finance receivable principal balance 

1,210,389 

1,364,055 

1,580,289 

1,773,411 

Ending loan and finance receivable fair value balance 

1,297,533 

1,471,723 

1,708,918 

1,935,466 

Fair value as a of principal (a) 

107.2 

107.9 

108.1 

109.1 

Ending loan and finance receivable balance, including principal and accrued fees/interest outstanding 

1,217,580 

1,372,667 

1,590,745 

1,797,282 

Average loan and finance receivable balance (b) 

1,122,609 

1,288,384 

1,488,029 

1,684,617 

Revenue 

132,594 

149,909 

172,721 

192,598 

Change in fair value 

1,138 

(8,764) 

(24,662) 

(49,099) 

Net revenue 

133,732 

141,145 

148,059 

143,499 

Net revenue margin 

100.9 

94.2 

85.7 

74.5 

Delinquencies: 

> 30 days delinquent 

43,318 

49,159 

70,430 

103,235 

> 30 days delinquent as a of loan balance (a) 

3.6 

3.6 

4.4 

5.7 

Charge-offs: 

Charge-offs (net of recoveries) 

20,860 

27,867 

43,778 

69,110 

Charge-offs (net of recoveries) as a of average loan and finance receivable balance (b) 

1.9 

2.2 

2.9 

4.1 

53 

2021 

First 

Second 

Third 

Fourth 

Quarter 

Quarter 

Quarter 

Quarter 

Small business loans and finance receivables: 

Total loan and finance receivable principal balance 

696,678 

781,793 

876,668 

1,010,675 

Ending loan and finance receivable fair value balance 

649,313 

784,728 

911,729 

1,074,546 

Fair value as a of principal (a) 

93.2 

100.4 

104.0 

106.3 

Ending loan and finance receivable balance, including principal and accrued fees/interest outstanding 

701,053 

786,330 

881,807 

1,016,590 

Average loan and finance receivable balance (b) 

700,348 

739,378 

837,606 

956,110 

Revenue 

75,560 

85,561 

100,610 

115,063 

Change in fair value 

4,995 

45,078 

24,515 

22,804 

Net revenue 

80,555 

130,639 

125,125 

137,867 

Net revenue margin 

106.6 

152.7 

124.4 

119.8 

Delinquencies: 

> 30 days delinquent 

71,639 

55,682 

44,978 

43,901 

> 30 days delinquent as a of loan balance (a) 

10.2 

7.1 

5.1 

4.3 

Charge-offs: 

Charge-offs (net of recoveries) 

18,042 

5,102 

7,060 

7,677 

Charge-offs (net of recoveries) as a of average loan and finance receivable balance (b) 

2.6 

0.7 

0.8 

0.8 

(a) Determined using period-end balances. 

(b) The average loan and finance receivable balance is the average of the month-end balances during the period. 

The combined ending loan balance, including principal and accrued fees/interest outstanding, of small business loans and finance receivables at December 31, 2022 increased 76.8 to 1,797.3 million compared to 1,016.6 million at December 31, 2021, due primarily to strong originations in the year. 
 The percentage of loans and finance receivables greater than 30 days delinquent increased to 5.7 at December 31, 2022, compared to 4.3 at December 31, 2021. Charge-offs (net of recoveries) as a percentage of average loan balance increased to 4.1 for the 2022 fourth quarter, compared to 0.8 in the 2021 fourth quarter. The credit performance of our small business portfolio was stronger in 2021 when compared to the pre-COVID-19 period as the portfolio was more seasoned due to reductions in originations in response to the pandemic. Delinquency and charge-offs have risen across 2022 to more normal levels due to the acceleration in originations and macroeconomic pressures on our customers and their businesses. 
 The ratio of fair value as a percentage of principal on small business loans and finance receivables increased to 109.1 at December 31, 2022, compared to 106.3 at December 31, 2021, due primarily to the strong credit performance of our line of credit products. 
 Refer to Results of Operations Valuation of Loans and Finance Receivables in Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations for additional discussion on loan valuation, including the discount rate assumption. 
 Total Expenses 
 Total operating expenses increased 122.4 million, or 20.0 , to 733.6 million in 2022, compared to 611.2 million in 2021. 
 Marketing expense increased 111.4 million, or 41.1 , to 382.5 million in 2022 compared to 271.1 million in 2021, due primarily to our efforts to capture increasing market demand for loan products in the current year. The prior year, particularly the first half, was abnormally low due to our strategic actions to mitigate risks associated with the COVID-19 pandemic. Certain marketing costs, such as commissions paid to third-party lead providers, are variable and increase as originations increase. 
 Operations and technology expense increased 26.0 million, or 17.6 , to 173.7 million in 2022 from 147.7 million in 2021, due primarily to higher variable costs, particularly personnel and underwriting, due to the increase in originations and the size of the loan portfolio. As a percentage of revenue, operations and technology expense decreased to 10.0 in 2022 from 12.2 in 2021, as increased originations and revenues outpaced fixed costs. 
 54 

General and administrative expense decreased 16.5 million, or 10.5 , to 140.5 million in 2022 compared to 157.0 million in 2021, due primarily to synergies achieved following the October 2020 acquisition of OnDeck. As a percentage of revenue, general and administrative expense decreased to 8.1 in 2022 from 13.0 in 2021, as increased originations and revenues outpaced fixed costs. 
 Depreciation and amortization expense increased 1.5 million, or 4.2 , to 36.9 million in 2022 compared to 35.4 million in 2021 driven primarily by additional internally-developed software placed into service and fixed assets and intangible assets acquired with Pangea. 
 Nonoperating Items 
 Interest expense, net increased 39.4 million, or 51.5 , to 115.9 million in 2022 compared to 76.5 million in 2021, due primarily to an increase in the average amount of debt outstanding to 1,856.1 million during 2022 from 1,036.2 million during 2021, partially offset by a decrease in the weighted average interest rate on our outstanding debt to 6.35 in 2022 from 7.34 in 2021. See Liquidity and Capital Resources Current Debt Facilities below for further information. 
 Provision for Income Taxes 
 The effective tax rate from continuing operations of 23.9 in 2022 was consistent with the 23.8 rate in 2021. The 2022 rate was primarily driven by an increase in state tax rates, which was offset by excess tax benefits from stock-based compensation. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the balance of unrecognized tax benefits was 87.7 million which is included in Accounts payable and accrued expenses on the consolidated balance sheet, 11.6 million of which, if recognized, would favorably affect the effective tax rate in the period of recognition. We had 44.1 million of unrecognized tax benefits as of December 31, 2021. We believe that we have adequately accounted for any material tax uncertainties in our existing reserves for all open tax years. 
 Our U.S. tax returns are subject to examination by federal and state taxing authorities. The statute of limitations related to our consolidated Federal income tax returns is closed for all tax years up to and including 2018. However, the 2014 tax year is still open to the extent of the net operating loss which we carried back from the 2019 tax return. The years open to examination by state, local and foreign government authorities vary by jurisdiction, but the statute of limitation is generally three years from the date the tax return is filed. For jurisdictions that have generated net operating losses, carryovers may be subject to the statute of limitations applicable for the year those carryovers are utilized. In these cases, the period for which the losses may be adjusted will extend to conform with the statute of limitations for the year in which the losses are utilized. In most circumstances, this is expected to increase the length of time that the applicable taxing authority may examine the carryovers by one year or longer, in limited cases. 
 LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES 
 Capital Funding Strategy 
 We seek to maintain a stable and flexible balance sheet to ensure that liquidity and funding are available to meet our business obligations. As of December 31, 2022, we had cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash of 178.4 million, of which 78.2 million was restricted, compared to 225.9 million, of which 60.4 million was restricted, as of December 31, 2021. During the three months ended March 31, 2022, we increased the borrowing capacity on four of our loan securitization facilities without having to increase any of the respective borrowing rates. In June 2022, we entered into a new 420.0 million loan securitization facility and increased the aggregate principal on our existing secured revolving credit agreement while extending its term. In October 2022, we entered into a new 125 million loan securitization facility. In November 2022, we amended two securitization facilities which resulted in a net increase to our funding capacity of 26.0 million and expanded the eligibility requirements to include more of our loans. As of December 31, 2022, we had funding capacity of 533.1 million. Based on numerous stressed-case modeling scenarios, we believe we have sufficient liquidity to run our operations for the foreseeable future. Further, we have no recourse debt obligations due until September 2024. As part of our capital and liquidity management, we may from time to time acquire our outstanding debt securities, including through redemptions, tender offers, open market purchases, negotiated transactions or otherwise, in accordance with applicable securities laws and in compliance with the indentures governing our outstanding debt securities, upon such terms and at such prices as we may determine. 
 Historically, we have generated significant cash flow through normal operating activities for funding both long-term and short-term needs. Our near-term liquidity is managed to ensure that adequate resources are available to fund our seasonal working capital growth, which is driven by demand for our loan and financing products. On September 1, 2017, we issued and sold 250.0 million in aggregate principal amount of 8.50 Senior Notes due 2024 (the 2024 Senior Notes and used the net proceeds, in part, to retire 155.0 million in existing indebtedness. On September 19, 2018, we issued and sold 375.0 million in aggregate principal amount of 8.50 Senior Notes due 2025 (the 2025 Senior Notes and used the net proceeds, in part, to retire existing indebtedness. 
 55 

On June 30, 2017, we entered into a secured revolving credit agreement (as amended, the Credit Agreement ). On June 23, 2022, we entered into an amendment and restatement of our Credit Agreement that, among other things, increased the borrowing capacity to 440.0 million, with a 20.0 million letter of credit sublimit and 10.0 million swingline loan sublimit. The Credit Agreement bears interest, at our option, at the base rate plus 0.75 or the Secured Overnight Financing Rate plus 3.50 . In addition to customary fees for a credit facility of this size and type, the Credit Agreement provides for payment of a commitment fee calculated with respect to the unused portion of the commitment, and ranges from 0.15 per annum to 0.50 per annum depending on usage. The Credit Agreement contains certain prepayment penalties if it is terminated on or before the first and second anniversary dates, subject to certain exceptions. The Credit Agreement matures on June 30, 2026. As of February 22, 2023, our available borrowings under the Credit Agreement were 130.3 million. Since 2016, we have entered into several loan securitization facilities and offered asset-backed notes to fund our growth, primarily in our near-prime consumer installment loan and small business loan businesses. As of February 22, 2023, we had funding capacity of 363.8 million. We expect that our operating needs, including satisfying our obligations under our debt agreements and funding our working capital growth, will be satisfied by a combination of cash flows from operations, borrowings under the Credit Agreement, or any refinancing, replacement thereof or increase in borrowings thereunder, and securitization or sale of loans and finance receivables under our consumer and small business loan securitization facilities. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we were in compliance with all financial ratios, covenants and other requirements set forth in our debt agreements. Unexpected changes in our financial condition or other unforeseen factors may result in our inability to obtain third-party financing or could increase our borrowing costs in the future. To the extent we experience short-term or long-term funding disruptions, we have the ability to adjust our volume of lending and financing to consumers and small businesses that would reduce cash outflow requirements while increasing cash inflows through repayments. Additional alternatives may include the securitization or sale of assets, increased borrowings under the Credit Agreement, or any refinancing or replacement thereof, and reductions in capital spending which could be expected to generate additional liquidity. 
 Capital 
 Our Total stockholders' equity increased by 93.0 million to 1,186.1 million at December 31, 2022 from 1,093.1 million at December 31, 2021. The increase of stockholders' equity was driven primarily by net income for the year ended December 31, 2022, partially offset by 143.1 million in repurchases of our common stock. Our book value per share outstanding increased to 37.99 at December 31, 2022 from 32.01 at December 31, 2021, which was primarily driven by net income and share repurchases in 2022 . 
 On February 9, 2022, we announced the Board of Directors authorized a new share repurchase program totaling 100.0 million through June 30, 2023 (the February 2022 Authorization ). On November 7, 2022, we announced the Board of Directors authorized an increase to our share repurchase program of up to 150.0 million through December 31, 2023 (the November 2022 Authorization ). The November 2022 Authorization will go into effect when the February 2022 Authorization is exhausted. Repurchases under our repurchase programs will be made in accordance with applicable securities laws from time to time in the open market, through privately negotiated transactions or otherwise. The share repurchase program does not obligate us to purchase any shares of our common stock. The authorization for the share repurchase programs may be terminated, increased or decreased by the Board of Directors in its discretion at any time. During 2022, we paid 137.6 million to repurchase common stock under the share repurchase programs. 
 Cash 
 At December 31, 2022, we had 100.2 million of available unrestricted cash to fund our future operations compared to approximately 165.5 million at December 31, 2021. 
 Our cash and cash equivalents at December 31, 2022 were held primarily for working capital purposes and were used to fund a portion of our lending activities. From time to time, we use excess cash and cash equivalents to fund our lending activities. We do not enter into investments for trading or speculative purposes. Our policy is to invest cash in excess of our immediate working capital requirements in short-term investments, deposit accounts or other arrangements designed to preserve the principal balance and maintain adequate liquidity. Our excess cash may be invested primarily in overnight sweep accounts, money market instruments or similar arrangements that provide competitive returns consistent with our polices and market conditions. 
 Our restricted cash primarily consists of funds held in accounts as reserves on certain debt facilities and as collateral for issuing bank partner transactions. We have no ability to draw on such funds as long as they remain restricted under the applicable arrangements but have the ability to use these funds to finance loan originations, subject to meeting borrowing base requirements. Our policy is to invest restricted cash held in debt facility related accounts, to the extent permitted by such debt facility, in investments designed to preserve the principal balance and provide liquidity. Accordingly, such cash is invested primarily in money market instruments that offer daily purchase and redemption and provide competitive returns consistent with our policies and market conditions. 
 56 

Current Debt Facilities 
 The following table summarizes our debt facilities as of December 31, 2022. 

Maturity date 
 
 Weighted average interest rate (a) 
 
 Borrowing capacity 

Principal outstanding 

Funding Debt: 

2018-1 Securitization Facility 
 
 March 2027 
 (b) 
 7.95 

200,000 

192,717 

2018-2 Securitization Facility 
 
 July 2025 
 (c) 
 8.34 

225,000 

179,654 

NCR 2022 Securitization Facility 
 
 October 2026 
 (d) 
 9.07 

125,000 

43,958 

ODR 2021-1 Securitization Facility 
 
 November 2024 
 (e) 
 7.22 

233,333 

197,167 

ODR 2022-1 Securitization Facility 
 
 June 2025 
 (f) 
 7.27 

420,000 

187,000 

RAOD Securitization Facility 
 
 November 2025 
 (g) 
 6.93 

230,263 

230,263 

ODAST III Securitization Notes 
 
 May 2027 
 (h) 
 2.07 

300,000 

300,000 

Total funding debt 

6.33 

1,733,596 

1,330,759 

Corporate Debt: 

8.50 Senior Notes Due 2024 
 
 September 2024 
 
 8.50 

250,000 

250,000 

8.50 Senior Notes Due 2025 
 
 September 2025 
 
 8.50 

375,000 

375,000 

Revolving line of credit 
 
 June 2026 
 
 7.50 

440,000 
 
 (i) 
 
 309,000 

Total corporate debt 

8.17 

1,065,000 

934,000 

(a) The weighted average interest rate is determined based on the rates and principal balances on December 31, 2022. It does not include the impact of the amortization of deferred loan origination costs or debt discounts. 

(b) The period during which new borrowings may be made under this facility expires in March 2025. 

(c) The period during which new borrowings may be made under this facility expires in July 2023. 

(d) The period during which new borrowings may be made under this facility expires in October 2024. 

(e) The period during which new borrowings may be made under this facility expires in November 2023. 

(f) The period during which new borrowings may be made under this facility expires in June 2024. 

(g) The period during which new borrowings may be made under this facility expires in November 2024. 

(h) The period during which new borrowings may be made under this facility expires in April 2024. 

(i) We had outstanding letters of credit under the Revolving line of credit of 0.8 million as of December 31, 2022. 

Our ability to fully utilize the available capacity of our debt facilities may also be impacted by provisions that limit concentration risk and eligibility. 
 Cash Flows 
 Our cash flows and other key indicators of liquidity are summarized as follows (dollars in thousands): 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Cash flows provided by (used in) operating activities 

Cash flows from operating activities - continuing operations 

893,998 

471,868 

741,171 

Cash flows from operating activities - discontinued operations 

(300) 

Cash flows provided by operating activities 

893,998 

471,868 

740,871 

Cash flows (used in) provided by investing activities 

Loans and finance receivables 

(1,631,354) 

(923,494) 

2,986 

Acquisitions, net of cash acquired 

(29,153) 

109,920 

Purchases of property and equipment 

(43,629) 

(29,674) 

(29,491) 

Disposal of a subsidiary 

8,713 

1,928 

Other investing activities 

25 

168 

Total cash flows (used in) provided by investing activities 

(1,666,270) 

(980,368) 

83,583 

Cash flows provided by (used in) financing activities 

724,866 

365,149 

(535,974) 

Total debt to Adjusted EBITDA (a) 

5.1 
 x 

2.9 
 x 

2.3 
 x 

(a) Total debt to Adjusted EBITDA, a non-GAAP measure, is calculated using Adjusted EBITDA for the twelve months ended for the respective period indicated. See Non-GAAP Financial Measures Adjusted EBITDA. 

57 

Cash Flows from Operating Activities 
 Net cash provided by operating activities increased 422.1 million, or 89.5 , to 894.0 million for 2022 from 471.9 million for 2021. The increase was driven primarily by additional interest and fee income from growth in the loan portfolio, particularly since mid-2021. Net cash provided by operating activities for 2021 was abnormally low due to the strategic reduction in originations implemented at the onset of the COVID-19 pandemic. 
 We believe cash flows from operations and available cash balances and borrowings under our securitization facilities and Credit Agreement, which may include increased borrowings under our Credit Agreement, any refinancing or replacement thereof, and additional securitization of consumer and small business loans, will be sufficient to fund our future operating liquidity needs, including to fund our working capital growth. 
 Cash Flows from Investing Activities 
 Net cash flows used in investing activities increased 685.9 million, or 70.0 , for 2022 compared to 2021, due primarily to a 707.9 million increase in net cash used in loans and finance receivables, due to a 46.0 increase in loans and finance receivables originated or purchased and a 31.0 increase in loans and finance receivables repaid. 
 Cash Flows from Financing Activities 
 Net cash provided by financing activities in 2022 was 724.9 million compared to 365.1 million used in financing activities in 2021. Cash flows provided by financing activities for 2022 primarily reflects net borrowings of 109.0 million under the Credit Agreement and 762.2 million under our securitization facilities, partially offset by 143.1 million of cash used in treasury shares purchased, primarily under the share repurchase programs discussed above under Capital . Cash flows used in financing activities for 2021 primarily reflects 200 million of net borrowing under our Credit Agreement, 272.6 million of net borrowing under our securitization facilities, partially offset by 116.7 million of cash used in treasury shares purchased, primarily under the share repurchase programs. 
 CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES 
 Loans and Finance Receivables 
 Beginning January 1, 2020, we have elected the fair value option for our loans and finance receivables. We estimate the fair value of our loans and finance receivables primarily using discounted cash flow analyses at an individual loan level to more accurately predict future payments. We adjust contractual cash flows for estimated losses, prepayments and servicing costs over the estimated duration of the underlying assets and discount the future cash flows using a rate of return that we believe a market participant would require. Model results may be adjusted by management if we do not believe the output reflects the fair value of the portfolio, as defined under U.S. GAAP. The models are updated at each measurement date to capture any changes in internal factors such as nature, term, volume, payment trends, remaining time to maturity, and portfolio mix, as well as changes in underwriting or observed trends expected to impact future performance. We have validated model performance by comparing past valuations with actual performance noted after each valuation. 
 The following describes the primary inputs to the discounted cash flow analyses that require significant judgment: 
 Net losses Net losses are estimates of the principal payments that will not be repaid over the life of our portfolio, net of the expected principal recoveries on charged-off receivables. We have developed proprietary underwriting systems based on data we have collected since the Company s inception. These systems employ advanced risk analytics to decide whether to approve financing transactions, to structure the amount and terms of the financings we offer pursuant to jurisdiction-specific regulations, and to provide customers with funds quickly and efficiently. Our systems closely monitor collection and portfolio performance data that we use to continually refine the analytical models and statistical measures used in making our credit, purchase, marketing, and collection decisions. Leveraging the data at the core of our business, we utilize our models to estimate lifetime credit losses for loans and finance receivables. Inputs to the models include contractual cash flows, customer application information, historical and current performance, and behavioral information. Management may also incorporate discretionary adjustments based on our expectations of future credit performance. 

Prepayments Prepayments are estimates of the amount of principal payments that will occur earlier than contractually required during the life of a loan and finance receivable. Prepayments accelerate the timing of principal repayment and reduce interest payments. Prepayment rates in our discounted cash flow models are developed using historical results as the basis. Model inputs are similar to those utilized to estimate net losses and may also incorporate discretionary adjustments based on our expectations of future performance. 

Utilization Utilization is the rate that a line of credit is utilized in proportion to the borrowing limit. Utilization rates in our discounted cash flow model for the OnDeck line of credit product are developed using historical results as the basis and are 

58 

used to estimate future draws on the line. Model inputs are similar to those utilized to estimate net losses and may also incorporate discretionary adjustments based on our expectations of future activity. 

Servicing costs Servicing costs applied to the expected cash flows of our portfolio reflect our estimate of the amount investors would incur to service the underlying assets for the remainder of their lives. Servicing costs are derived from our internal analysis of our cost structure considering the characteristics of our receivables and have been benchmarked against observable information on comparable assets in the marketplace. 

Discount rates Determined at a product level, the discount rates utilized in our cash flow analyses reflect our estimates of the rates of return that investors would require when investing in financial instruments with similar risk and return characteristics. 

Management continuously monitors factors that may impact the fair values of its products. Internal factors such as portfolio composition (for example, interest rate, loan term, geography information, customer mix, credit quality) and performance (e.g., delinquency, loss trends, prepayment rates) are reviewed on a regular basis at various levels, including product and vintage. The Company also weighs the impact of relevant, internal business decisions on estimated fair value. External factors such as macroeconomic trends, financial market liquidity expectations, competitive landscape and legal or regulatory requirements are also reviewed on a regular basis. Management also reviews the results of its fair value model output compared to prior periods for unusual trends, potential model over- or under-reaction, outlier results and other distorting factors. Based on these analyses, management may deem it appropriate to adjust model output to derive management s best estimate of fair value. 
 Goodwill 
 Goodwill represents the excess of the purchase price over the fair value of the net tangible and identifiable intangible assets acquired in each business combination. In accordance with Accounting Standards Codification ASC 350, Goodwill , we test goodwill for potential impairment annually and between annual tests if an event occurs or circumstances change that would more likely than not reduce the fair value below its carrying amount. 
 We have historically performed our annual goodwill impairment test as of June 30 each year. During the year ended December 31, 2021, we voluntarily changed our annual impairment assessment date from June 30 to October 1 to better align with our budgeting process and year end as well as to include nearly a full year of results after our October 2020 acquisition of OnDeck, which was a material change to our financial position and results of operations. We believe the change in goodwill impairment testing date does not represent a material change to our method of applying an accounting principle in light of our internal controls and requirements to assess goodwill impairment upon certain triggering events. 
 We first assess qualitative factors to determine whether it is necessary to perform the quantitative goodwill impairment test. In assessing the qualitative factors, we consider relevant events and circumstances including but not limited to macroeconomic conditions, industry and market environment, our overall financial performance, cash flow from operating activities, market capitalization and stock price. If we determine that the quantitative impairment test is required, we use the income approach to complete our annual goodwill assessment. The income approach uses future cash flows and estimated terminal values that are discounted using a market participant perspective to determine the fair value, which is then compared to the carrying value to determine if there is impairment. The income approach includes assumptions about revenue growth rates, operating margins and terminal growth rates discounted by an estimated weighted-average cost of capital derived from other publicly-traded companies that are similar from an operational and economic standpoint. See Note 5, Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets , to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Income Taxes 
 We account for income taxes under ASC 740, Income Taxes . As part of the process of preparing our consolidated financial statements, we are required to estimate income taxes in each of the jurisdictions in which we operate. This process involves estimating the actual current tax expense together with assessing temporary differences in recognition of income for tax and accounting purposes. These differences result in deferred tax assets and liabilities and are included within the consolidated balance sheets. We must then assess the likelihood that the deferred tax assets will be recovered from future taxable income and, to the extent we believe that recovery is not more likely than not, we must establish a valuation allowance. An expense or benefit is included within the tax provision in the consolidated statement of income for any increase or decrease in the valuation allowance for a given period. 
 We report our loans and finance receivables in the Company s tax returns at fair market value, as determined for U.S. federal income tax purposes, which differs from how we report them in the consolidated financial statements due in part to statutory tax and judicial principles that may lead to different interpretations of expected credit losses and discount rate assumptions. Changes in the fair market value of our loans and finance receivables as determined for tax purposes may have a significant impact on the timing and amount of how income taxes are recognized in the consolidated financial statements. The estimates of fair market value are dependent on multiple assumptions, including expected credit losses and discount rates. 
 59 

We perform an evaluation of the recoverability of our deferred tax assets on a quarterly basis. We establish a valuation allowance if it is more-likely-than-not (greater than 50 percent) that all or some portion of the deferred tax asset will not be realized. We analyze several factors, including the nature and frequency of operating losses, our carryforward period for any losses, the reversal of future taxable temporary differences, the expected occurrence of future income or loss and the feasibility of available tax planning strategies to protect against the loss of deferred tax assets. 
 We account for uncertainty in income taxes in accordance with ASC 740, which requires that a more-likely-than-not threshold be met before the benefit of a tax position may be recognized in the consolidated financial statements and prescribes how such benefit should be measured. We must evaluate tax positions taken on our tax returns for all periods that are open to examination by taxing authorities and make a judgment as to whether and to what extent such positions are more likely than not to be sustained based on the technical merits. We record interest and penalties related to tax matters as income tax expense in the consolidated statement of income. 
 Our judgment is required in determining the provision for income taxes, the deferred tax assets and liabilities and any valuation allowance recorded against deferred tax assets. Our judgment is also required in evaluating whether tax benefits meet the more-likely-than-not threshold for recognition under ASC 740. 
 RECENTLY ISSUED ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS 
 Refer to Note 1 in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Part II, Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data in this report for a discussion of recently issued accounting pronouncements that may be significant to Enova. 
 
 ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALIT ATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 Market risk is a broad term related to economic losses due to adverse changes in the fair value of a financial instrument. While market risk may embody several elements, including liquidity and basis risk, the SEC s market risk rules focus on pricing risk, which relates to changes in the level of prices due to changes in interest rates, foreign currency exchange rates, commodity prices, equity prices, and other market changes that affect market risk-sensitive instruments. 
 We carry our loans and finance receivables at fair value with changes in fair value recognized directly in earnings. The valuation of our loan portfolio may be impacted by macroeconomic and other factors that may positively or negatively impact the repayment capacity of our customers or the discounted value of expected future cash flows from our loan portfolio. 
 
 Changes to market interest rates can impact the fair value of our loans and finance receivables. The fair value of our loans and receivables are estimated using a discounted cash flow methodology, where the discount rate represents an estimate of the required rate of return by market participants. Required returns may increase or decrease depending upon the level of market interest rates and additional risk premiums required to generate acceptable returns on specific assets. An increase of 100 basis points to the discount rates used in our valuations would decrease the balance of loans and finance receivables at fair value by approximately 0.7 at December 31, 2022 and 2021. A decrease of 100 basis points to the discount rates used in our valuations would increase the balance of Loans and finance receivables at fair value by approximately 0.7 at December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 
 Expectations of future credit losses are a significant input to the valuation of our loans and finance receivables. A variety of macroeconomic and other factors can impact the expected repayment capacity of our customers and our expectation of future credit losses, both positively and negatively. Increasing our estimates for future credit losses used in our valuations to 110 of current expectations would decrease the balance of loans and finance receivables at fair value by approximately 3.2 and 4.1 at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Conversely, credit losses may decrease as the economy strengthens or with increased government assistance. Decreasing our estimates for future credit losses used in our valuations to 90 of current expectations would increase the balance of loans and finance receivables at fair value by approximately 3.3 and 4.0 at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 The expected rate of future customer prepayments can also impact the fair value of our loans and finance receivables. Prepayment speeds can vary with economic activity, competition and other factors that may increase or decrease the liquidity available to our customers to prepay obligations. Increasing our estimates for future prepayments used in our valuations to 110 of current expectations would decrease the balance of Loans and finance receivables at fair value by 0.9 and 1.2 at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Conversely, prepayment speeds may decrease as the economy weakens or inflation increases. Decreasing our estimates for future prepayments used in our valuations to 90 of current expectations would increase the balance of Loans and finance receivables at fair value by 0.8 and 1.2 at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 60 

I TEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

Index to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (Deloitte Touche LLP; PCAOB ID No. (PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP; PCAOB ID No. 

62 

Consolidated Balance Sheets December 31, 2022 and 2021 

65 

Consolidated Statements of Income Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

67 

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

68 

Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

69 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

70 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

71 

61 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 To the shareholders and the Board of Directors of Enova International, Inc. 
 Opinions on the Financial Statements and Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Enova International, Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, stockholders' equity, and cash flows, for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). We also have audited the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). 
 In our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Also, in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by COSO. 
 Basis for Opinions 
 The Company s management is responsible for these financial statements, for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Report of Management on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements and an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud, and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
 Our audits of the financial statements included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures to respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions. 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 62 

Critical Audit Matter 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current-period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 Loans and finance receivables at fair value Refer to Notes 1 and 18 to the consolidated financial statements 
 Critical Audit Matter Description 
 The estimation of the fair value of loans and finance receivables portfolio uses discounted cash flow models that have been internally developed. The models use inputs that are unobservable and inherently judgmental and reflect management s best estimates of the assumptions a market participant would use to calculate fair value. The valuation inputs for the projections of future cash flows include estimated losses, prepayment rates, utilization rates, servicing costs and discount rates. 
 We identified loans and finance receivables at fair value as a critical audit matter because of the subjective process in determining significant inputs and judgments used to estimate the fair value. Given management s use of unobservable inputs to estimate the fair value of the loans and finance receivables, performing audit procedures to evaluate these inputs requires a high degree of auditor judgment and an increased extent of effort, including the need to involve our internal fair value specialists. 
 How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit 
 Our audit procedures related to loans and finance receivables at fair value included the following, among others: 
 We tested the effectiveness of internal controls related to the determination of loans and finance receivables at fair value, including those controls related to the significant inputs used to estimate the fair value. 

We tested the underlying data, including historical loan data and other assumptions, that served as the basis for the valuation. 

We assessed the consistency by which management has applied significant unobservable valuation assumptions. 

With the assistance of our internal fair value specialists, we developed a range of independent estimates of fair value and compared our estimates to the recorded valuation. 

/s/ 
 
 February 24, 2023 
 
 We have served as the Company's auditor since 2021. 

63 

R EPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of Enova International, Inc. 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 We have audited the consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, stockholders equity, and cash flows of Enova International, Inc. and its subsidiaries (the Company for the year ended December 31, 2020, including the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the results of operations and cash flows of the Company for the year ended December 31, 2020 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 Change in Accounting Principle 
 As discussed in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company changed the manner in which it accounts for loans and finance receivables in 2020. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s consolidated financial statements based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audit of these consolidated financial statements in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. 
 Our audit included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s/ 
 
 February 26, 2021 
 We served as the Company s auditor from 2011 to 2021. 
 64 

ENOVA INTERNATIONAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED B ALANCE SHEETS 
 (dollars in thousands, except per share data) 

December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Assets 

Cash and cash equivalents (1) 

Restricted cash (1) 

Loans and finance receivables at fair value (1) 

Income taxes receivable 

Other receivables and prepaid expenses (1) 

Property and equipment, net 

Operating lease right-of-use asset 

Goodwill 

Intangible assets, net 

Other assets (1) 

Total assets 

Liabilities and Stockholders' Equity 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses (1) 

Operating lease liability 

Deferred tax liabilities, net 

Long-term debt (1) 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies (Note 11) 

Stockholders' equity: 

Common stock, par value, shares authorized, and shares issued and and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

Preferred stock , par value, shares authorized, shares issued and outstanding 

Additional paid in capital 

Retained earnings 

Accumulated other comprehensive loss 

() 

() 

Treasury stock, at cost and shares as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively) 

() 

() 

Total stockholders' equity 

Total liabilities and stockholders' equity 

(1) 

65 

ENOVA INTERNATIONAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (dollars in thousands, except per share data) 
 The following table presents the aggregated assets and liabilities of consolidated VIEs, which are included in the Consolidated Balance Sheets above. The assets in the table below may only be used to settle obligations of consolidated VIEs and are in excess of those obligations. See Note 15 for additional information. 

December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Assets of consolidated VIEs, included in total assets above 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Restricted cash 

Loans and finance receivables at fair value 

Other receivables and prepaid expenses 

Other assets 

Total assets of consolidated VIEs 

Liabilities of consolidated VIEs, included in total liabilities above 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Long-term debt 

Total liabilities of consolidated VIEs 

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 66 

ENOVA INTERNATIONAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 C ONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME 
 (in thousands, except per share data) 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Revenue 

Change in Fair Value 

() 

() 

() 

Net Revenue 

Operating Expenses 

Marketing 

Operations and technology 

General and administrative 

Depreciation and amortization 

Total Operating Expenses 

Income from Operations 

Interest expense, net 

() 

() 

() 

Foreign currency transaction (loss) gain, net 

() 

() 

Gain on bargain purchase 

Equity method investment income 

Other nonoperating expenses 

() 

() 

() 

Income before Income Taxes 

Provision for income taxes 

Net income from continuing operations before noncontrolling interest 

Less: Net income attributable to noncontrolling interest 

Net income from continuing operations 

Net loss from discontinued operations 

() 

Net income attributable to Enova International, Inc. 

Earnings (Loss) Per Share attributable to Enova International, Inc.: 

Earnings (loss) per common share basic: 

Continuing operations 

Discontinued operations 

() 

Earnings (loss) per common share basic 

Earnings (loss) per common share diluted: 

Continuing operations 

Discontinued operations 

() 

Earnings (loss) per common share diluted 

Weighted average common shares outstanding: 

Basic 

Diluted 

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 67 

ENOVA INTERNATIONAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 C ONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
 (in thousands) 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Net income including noncontrolling interest 

Other comprehensive (loss) gain, net of tax: 

Foreign currency translation (loss) gain (1) 

() 

() 

Ownership change in noncontrolling interest 

() 

Unrealized gain on investments, net of tax 

OnDeck Australia deconsolidation 

Total other comprehensive (loss) gain, net of tax 

() 

() 

Comprehensive Income 

Net income attributable to noncontrolling interest 

() 

() 

Foreign currency translation loss (gain) attributable to noncontrolling interests 

() 

Ownership change in noncontrolling interest 

Comprehensive loss (income) attributable to the noncontrolling interest 

() 

Comprehensive income attributable to Enova International, Inc. 

(1) , and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 , respectively. 

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 68 

ENOVA INTERNATIONAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 C ONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 
 (in thousands) 

Total Enova 

Accumulated 

International, 

Additional 

Other 

Inc. 

Total 

Common Stock 

Paid in 

Retained 

Comprehensive 

Treasury Stock, at cost 

Stockholders' 

Noncontrolling 

Stockholders' 

Shares 

Amount 

Capital 

Earnings 

Loss 

Shares 

Amount 

Equity 

Interest 

Equity 

Balance at December 31, 2019 

() 

() 

() 

Stock-based compensation expense 

Acquisition of OnDeck 

Shares issued for vested RSUs 

Shares issued for stock option exercises 

Net income attributable to Enova International, Inc. 

Foreign currency translation loss, net of tax 

() 

() 

() 

Purchases of treasury shares, at cost 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Net income attributable to noncontrolling interest 

Cumulative effect of accounting change 

Balance at December 31, 2020 

() 

() 

() 

Stock-based compensation expense 

Shares issued for vested RSUs 

Shares issued for stock option exercises 

Net income attributable to Enova International, Inc. 

Foreign currency translation loss, net of tax 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Purchases of treasury shares, at cost 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Net income attributable to noncontrolling interest 

Ownership change in noncontrolling interest 

() 

() 

OnDeck Australia deconsolidation 

() 

() 

Balance at December 31, 2021 

() 

() 

() 

Stock-based compensation expense 

Shares issued for vested RSUs 

Shares issued for stock option exercises 

Net income attributable to Enova International, Inc. 

Unrealized gain on investments, net of tax 

Foreign currency translation gain, net of tax 

Purchases of treasury shares, at cost 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Balance at December 31, 2022 

() 

() 

() 

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 69 

ENOVA INTERNATIONAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 C ONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (in thousands) 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Cash Flows from Operating Activities 

Net income before noncontrolling interest 

Less: Net loss from discontinued operations 

Net income from continuing operations 

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: 

Depreciation and amortization 

Amortization of deferred loan costs and debt discount 

Change in fair value 

Stock-based compensation expense 

Gain on bargain purchase 

() 

Loss on sale of subsidiary 

Incomplete transaction costs 

Loss on early extinguishment of debt 

Operating leases, net 

() 

() 

() 

Lease termination and cease-use costs 

() 

Deferred income taxes, net 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Finance and service charges on loans and finance receivables 

() 

() 

Other receivables, prepaid expenses and other assets 

() 

() 

() 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

() 

() 

Current income taxes receivable/payable 

() 

Cash flows from operating activities - continuing operations 

Cash flows from operating activities - discontinued operations 

() 

Net cash provided by operating activities 

Cash Flows from Investing Activities 

Loans and finance receivables originated or acquired 

() 

() 

() 

Loans and finance receivables repaid 

Acquisitions, net of cash acquired 

() 

Capitalization of software development costs and purchases of fixed assets 

() 

() 

() 

Sale of subsidiary 

Other investing activities 

Net cash (used in) provided by investing activities 

() 

() 

Cash Flows from Financing Activities 

Borrowings under revolving line of credit 

Repayments under revolving line of credit 

() 

() 

() 

Borrowings under securitization facilities 

Repayments under securitization facilities 

() 

() 

() 

Debt issuance costs paid 

() 

() 

() 

Debt prepayment penalty paid 

() 

Proceeds from exercise of stock options 

Treasury shares purchased 

() 

() 

() 

Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 

() 

Effect of exchange rates on cash 

() 

() 

Net (decrease) increase in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 

() 

() 

Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at beginning of year 

Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at end of year 

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 70 
 
 ENOVA INTERNATIONAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 states in the United States and under the name Simplic in Brazil. The Company also offered financing to small businesses in all states and Washington D.C. in the United States under the names OnDeck, Headway Capital and The Business Backer. The Company originates, guarantees or purchases consumer loans. Consumer loans provide customers with cash in their bank account, typically in exchange for an obligation to repay the amount advanced plus fees and/or interest. Consumer loans includes installment loans and line of credit accounts. The Company provides financing to small businesses through either installment loans, a receivables purchase agreement product RPAs or a line of credit account. RPAs represent a right to receive future receivables from a small business. Small businesses receive funds in exchange for a portion of the business future receivables at an agreed upon discount. In contrast, lending is a commitment to repay principal and interest. Loans and finance receivables include consumer loans, small business loans and RPAs. Installment loans are loans written by the Company, by a third-party lender through the Company s credit services organization and credit access business programs CSO programs as further described below) that the Company guarantees or by a bank partner. Installment loans includes longer-term loans that require the outstanding principal balance to be paid down in multiple installments. Line of credit accounts include draws made through the Company s line of credit products. Through the Company s CSO programs, the Company provides services related to a third-party lender s consumer loan products in some markets by acting as a credit services organization or credit access business on behalf of consumers in accordance with applicable state laws. Services offered under the CSO programs include credit-related services such as arranging loans with independent third-party lenders and assisting in the preparation of loan applications and loan documents CSO loans ). Under the CSO programs, the Company guarantees consumer loan payment obligations to the third-party lender in the event that the customer defaults on the loan, at which point, the loan is purchased by the Company. Prior to any potential purchase, CSO loans are not included in the Company s consolidated balance sheets. The Company operates programs with certain banks to provide marketing services and loan servicing for near-prime unsecured consumer installment loans and, beginning in January 2021, line of credit accounts. Under the programs, the Company receives marketing and servicing fees while the bank receives an origination fee. The bank has the ability to sell and the Company has the option, but not the requirement, to purchase the loans the bank originates and, in the case of line of credit accounts, a participation interest in those accounts. The Company does not guarantee the performance of the loans and line of credit accounts originated by the bank. As part of the OnDeck business both prior and subsequent to Enova s acquisition, OnDeck operates a program with a separate bank to provide marketing services and loan servicing for small business installment loans and line of credit accounts. Under the OnDeck program, the Company receives marketing fees while the bank receives origination fees and certain program fees. The bank has the ability to sell and the Company has the option, but not the requirement, to purchase the installment loans that the bank originates and, in the case of line of credit accounts, extensions under those line of credit accounts. The Company does not guarantee the performance of the loans originated by the bank. Through the acquisition of Pangea, which is described in more detail in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company now operates a money transfer platform that allows customers to send money from the United States to Mexico, other Latin American countries and Asia. Revenue is generated through fees per transfer and an exchange rate spread. The Company consolidates any variable interest entity VIE where it has determined the Company is the primary beneficiary. The primary beneficiary is the entity which has both the power to direct the activities of the VIE that most significantly impact the VIE s economic performance as well as the obligation to absorb losses or receive benefits of the entity that could potentially be significant to the VIE. With the acquisition of OnDeck, the Company owned a controlling interest in On Deck Capital Australia PTY LTD OnDeck Australia ). The remaining interests were owned by an unrelated third party. Prior to December 2021, we consolidated the financial position and results of operations of this entity under the voting interest model. The noncontrolling interest, which is presented as a separate component of consolidated equity, represented the minority owners' proportionate share of the equity of the entity and was adjusted for the minority owners' share of the earnings, losses, investments and distributions. Refer to Investments in Unconsolidated Investees later in this note for discussion of the partial divestiture in December 2021 that triggered the deconsolidation of OnDeck Australia. On October 25, 2019, the Company s U.K. businesses were placed into administration, which resulted in treatment of the businesses as discontinued operations for all periods presented. Throughout these consolidated financial statements, unless otherwise noted, current and prior year financial information is presented as if the U.K. businesses were excluded from continuing operations as required. For further information about the placement of the segment into administration, refer to Discontinued Operations below. 

million, including one-time cash charges of million, as a result of placing the U.K. businesses into administration. During the year ended December 31, 2020, the Company recorded an impairment charge of million million net of taxes) to write down a receivable on certain expenses incurred by the Company prior to administration that were deemed non-reimbursable by the Administrators. The Company entered into a service agreement with the Administrators under which the Company provides certain administrative, technical and other services in exchange for compensation by the Administrators. The agreement expired and was not extended beyond that date. During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Company recorded million, million and million, respectively, in revenue related to these services. As of December 31, 2022, the Company did t have any outstanding receivable or payable balances with the Administrators. As of December 31, 2021, the Administrators owed the Company million, related to services provided. 
 days or less as cash and cash equivalents. 

Restricted cash 

Total cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 

and delinquent. If a loan or finance receivable is deemed uncollectible prior to this, it is charged off at that point. For the OnDeck portfolio, the Company generally charges off a loan when it is probable that that it will be unable to collect all of the remaining principal payments, which is generally after days of delinquency and days of non-activity. Loans and finance receivables classified as delinquent generally have an age of one to from the date any portion of the receivable became delinquent, as defined above. Recoveries on loans and finance receivables that were previously charged off are generally recognized when collected or sold. 
 to 

Furniture, fixtures and equipment 
 
 to 

Leasehold improvements (1) 
 
 to 

years. 

. 
 for potential impairment annually as of October 1 and between annual tests if an event occurs or circumstances change that would more likely than not reduce the fair value of a reporting unit below its carrying amount. The Company first assesses qualitative factors to determine whether it is necessary to perform the quantitative goodwill impairment test. In assessing the qualitative factors, management considers relevant events and circumstances including but not limited to macroeconomic conditions, industry and market environment, overall financial performance of the Company, cash flow from operating activities, market capitalization and stock price. If the Company determines that the quantitative impairment test is required, management uses the income approach to complete its annual goodwill assessment. The income approach uses future cash flows and estimated terminal values for the Company that are discounted using a market participant perspective to determine the fair value, which is then compared to the carrying value to determine if there is impairment. The income approach includes assumptions about revenue growth rates, operating margins and terminal growth rates discounted by an estimated weighted-average cost of capital derived from other publicly-traded companies that are similar but not identical from an operational and economic standpoint. 
 . The costs of start-up activities and organization costs are charged to expense as incurred. 
 million that has been included in Other nonoperating expense. Prior to this, the Company had consolidated the financial position and results of operations of OnDeck Australia under the voting interest model. Subsequent to the transaction, the Company owns a equity interest in OnDeck Australia and no longer has control over the entity; as such, the Company has deconsolidated OnDeck Australia from its financial statements and now records its interest under the equity method of accounting. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021 , the carrying value of the Company s investment in OnDeck Australia was million and million, respectively, which the Company has included in Other assets on the consolidated balance sheets. On February 24, 2021, the Company contributed the platform-as-service business assumed in the OnDeck acquisition to Linear Financial Technologies Holding LLC Linear in exchange for ownership units in that entity. The Company records its interest in Linear under the equity method of accounting. In 2022, the Company recognized a gain of million related to the sale by Linear of its operating company. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021 , the carrying value of the Company s investment in Linear was million and million, respectively, which the Company has included in Other assets on the consolidated balance sheets. With the acquisition of OnDeck, as discussed in Note 2 , the Company obtained a equity interest in On Deck Capital Canada Holdings, Inc. OnDeck Canada ). Despite holding a majority of the equity interest, the Company did not have a controlling financial interest as it did not hold a majority of the voting interest. As such, the Company utilized the equity method to account for its investment in OnDeck Canada in the Company s consolidated financial statements. In the second quarter of 2022, the Company sold its remaining interest in OnDeck Canada, which resulted in a net loss of million. As of December 31, 2021 , the carrying value of the investment was million, which the Company has included in Other assets on the consolidated balance sheets. Equity method income has been included in Equity method investment income in the consolidated income statements. The Company has an equity ownership position in an investment without a readily determinable value. In accordance with ASC 321, Investment Equity Securities, the Company has elected to measure the investment at its cost minus impairment, if any, plus or minus changes resulting from observable price changes in orderly transactions for the identical or a similar investment of the same issuer. At each reporting date, the Company reassesses whether the investment still qualifies for this measurement alternative. Further, at each reporting date, the Company performs a qualitative assessment to evaluate whether the investment is impaired. If the qualitative assessment indicates that the investment is impaired and the fair value of the investment is less than its carrying value, the carrying amount of the investment will be reduced and the resulting loss recognized in net income in the period the impairment is identified. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the carrying value of the investment was million, which the Company has included in Other assets on the consolidated balance sheets. As of December 31, 2022 , the Company concluded that the measurement alternative was still appropriate and, as a result of its qualitative assessment, that an impairment charge was not warranted. 

percent) be met before the benefit of a tax position may be recognized in the consolidated financial statements and prescribes how such benefit should be measured. The Company records interest and penalties related to tax matters as income tax expense in the consolidated statements of income. The Company performs an evaluation of the recoverability of its deferred tax assets on a quarterly basis. The Company establishes a valuation allowance if it is more likely than not that all or some portion of the deferred tax asset will not be realized. The Company analyzes several factors, including the nature and frequency of operating losses, the Company s carryforward period for any losses, the reversal of future taxable temporary differences, the expected occurrence of future income or loss and the feasibility of available tax planning strategies to protect against the loss of deferred tax assets. See Note 10 for further discussion. 

Net loss from discontinued operations 

() 

Net Income 

Denominator: 

Total weighted average basic shares 

Shares applicable to stock-based compensation 

Total weighted average diluted shares 

Earnings per common share basic: 

Continuing operations 

Discontinued operations 

() 

Earnings per common share basic 

Earnings per common share diluted: 

Continuing operations 

Discontinued operations 

() 

Earnings per common share diluted 

For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 , , and shares of common stock underlying stock options, respectively, were excluded from the calculation of diluted net earnings per share because their effect would have been antidilutive. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 , there were shares and for the year ended December 31, 2020 , there were shares of common stock underlying restricted stock units that were excluded from the calculation of diluted net earnings per share because their effect would have been antidilutive. 

million consisted of million in cash and million in loan forgiveness. The Company performed a valuation analysis of identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed and allocated the aggregate purchase consideration based on the fair values of those identifiable assets and liabilities. The allocation of the purchase consideration included million and million of intangible assets and goodwill, respectively, with all other assets acquired and liabilities assumed being nominal. The operating results of Pangea, which were not material, have been included in the Company s consolidated financial statements from the date of acquisition. Its revenues and cost of revenues are included in Revenues and Change in Fair Value, respectively, in the Consolidated Statements of Income. OnDeck On , the Company and OnDeck entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger (the Merger Agreement among the Company, OnDeck and Energy Merger Sub, Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company Merger Sub ), pursuant to which, subject to the satisfaction or waiver of the conditions set forth therein, Merger Sub would merge with and into OnDeck, with OnDeck surviving as an indirect wholly owned subsidiary of the Company. On (the Acquisition Date ), the Company and OnDeck completed the transaction following the approval of OnDeck s stockholders and the satisfaction of all other closing conditions. The acquisition increases the scale and portfolio diversification of the Company. OnDeck offers a range of term loans and lines of credit customized for the needs of small business owners. Under the terms of the Merger Agreement, each holder of OnDeck common stock received per share in cash and a fixed exchange ratio of shares of the Company s common stock for each OnDeck share they owned as of the Acquisition Date. As a result, the Company issued million shares of common stock to OnDeck stockholders. Based on the closing share price of the Company as of October 12, 2020 of , the value of Company common stock and cash provided in exchange for OnDeck common stock was million. In addition to the exchange of common stock, the consideration transferred also included the cancellation or replacement of certain equity awards of OnDeck employees in effect prior to the transaction valued at approximately million. The Company was considered to be the accounting acquirer and as such, the closing date purchase consideration was allocated to the fair value of OnDeck assets and liabilities. The fair value estimate for loans and finance receivables was determined using discounted cash flow analyses that factor in estimated losses, prepayments, utilization rates and servicing costs over the estimated duration of the underlying assets. Loss, prepayment, utilization and servicing cost assumptions were determined using historical loss data and included appropriate consideration of recent trends and anticipated future performance. Future cash flows were discounted using a rate of return that a market participant would require. Going forward, the Company elected to utilize the fair value option for OnDeck s loans and finance receivables, which is consistent with the Company s accounting on its legacy portfolio of loans and finance receivables. Operating lease right-of-use assets and operating lease liabilities reflect remeasurements based on the estimated present value of future lease payments, adjusted for favorable or unfavorable lease terms. The above- and below-market lease adjustments take into account current market leasing rates. Intangible assets acquired consisted of developed technology and trade name of million and million, respectively. The fair value estimates for intangible assets were determined based on the assumptions that market participants would use in pricing an asset, based on the most advantageous market for the asset (i.e., its highest and best use). A relief from royalty method and a cost approach method, which included assumptions on projected cash flows, royalty rate, and discount rate, were utilized to determine the fair value of the developed technology intangible asset, which is being amortized on a straight-line basis over years. A relief from royalty method, which included assumptions on projected cash flows, royalty rate, and discount rate, was utilized to determine the fair value of the trade name intangible asset, which is being amortized on a straight-line basis over years. Deferred taxes were determined based on the excess tax basis over the book basis of the fair value adjustments attributable to the net assets acquired. The incremental deferred tax assets and liabilities were calculated based on the statutory rates where fair value adjustments were estimated. The estimated tax rate used of did not reflect Enova s expected effective tax rate at the time of acquisition, as that rate included other tax charges and benefits and does not take into account any historical or possible future tax events that may impact the combined company following the Acquisition Date. Prior to the merger, OnDeck had a valuation allowance against the federal and state deferred tax assets. As a result of the merger, the Company released most of the U.S. valuation allowance as the Company had sufficient U.S. income in 2018 and 2019 combined, and projected income going forward. The Company still has a valuation allowance on the federal NOL for the Section 382 ownership change limiting the recoverability of the losses before expiration. The fair value estimates for debt facilities were based on quoted market prices for each instrument, if available, or for similar instruments if not available, and adjusted for features specific to the instrument based on the assumptions that market participants would use in pricing the debt. 

Cash paid for outstanding OnDeck common stock (2) 

Fair value of OnDeck equity awards assumed by the Company (3) 

Cash paid for OnDeck equity awards (4) 

Total purchase consideration 

Allocation 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Restricted cash 

Loans and finance receivables at fair value (unpaid principal balance of 623,826) 

Other receivables and prepaid expenses 

Deferred tax assets, net 

Property and equipment 

Operating lease right-of-use assets 

Intangible assets 

Other assets 

Total assets 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Operating lease liabilities 

Long-term debt 

Bargain purchase gain (5) 

Accumulated other comprehensive loss 

() 

Noncontrolling interest 

Total liabilities and equity 

Total purchase consideration 

(1) Represents the fair value of Company common stock issued to OnDeck stockholders pursuant to the Merger Agreement. The fair value is based on shares of OnDeck common stock outstanding as of October 12, 2020, an exchange ratio of shares of Company common stock per share of OnDeck common stock and the closing price per share of Company common stock on October 12, 2020, of , as shares were transferred to OnDeck stockholders prior to the opening of markets on October 13, 2020. 

 (2) Represents the cash consideration paid of per outstanding share of OnDeck common stock based on 60,035,223 shares outstanding as of October 12, 2020, as shares were transferred to OnDeck stockholders prior to the opening of markets on October 13, 2020. 

 (3) Equity-based awards held by OnDeck employees prior to the acquisition date have been replaced with Company equity-based awards. The portion of the equity-based awards that relates to services performed by the employee prior to the acquisition date is included within consideration transferred, and includes restricted stock units and performance-based restricted stock units. 

 (4) Represents the cash consideration for the settlement and cancellation of OnDeck stock options held by employees and non-employee directors of OnDeck. 

 (5) As a result of the acquisition date fair value of the identifiable net assets acquired exceeding the sum of the value of consideration transferred, the Company recognized a bargain purchase gain of million, which is included in Gain on bargain purchase in the consolidated statements of income. Uncertainty around the degree and duration of impact that the COVID-19 pandemic will have on OnDeck s operations and financial results, along with the uncertainty surrounding its future non-compliance in its debt facilities, ability to renegotiate some of its existing facilities or repay outstanding indebtedness, and maintain sufficient liquidity are what likely led to a bargain purchase scenario. 

During 2020, revenue from OnDeck since the Acquisition Date was million. During 2020, the net earnings from OnDeck attributable to Enova International, Inc. since the Acquisition Date, excluding transaction-related costs of million, were million. The Company recognized transaction-related costs of million in General and administrative expenses for the year ended December 31, 2020. These expenses include severance and retention costs, investment banking, legal, accounting, and related third-party costs associated with the transaction, including preparation for regulatory filings and stockholder approvals. 

Net income from continuing operations attributable to the Company 

For purposes of conforming accounting policies, the preceding unaudited pro forma financial information assumes adoption of the fair value option for OnDeck s loans and finance receivables as of January 1, 2020. In conjunction with this election, the Company s loans and finance receivables are carried at fair value with changes in fair value recognized directly in earnings and origination fees and costs are no longer eligible for deferral. Other significant nonrecurring pro forma adjustments include: The removal of the bargain purchase gain of million recorded upon close of the acquisition. 

 The removal of nonrecurring acquisition costs directly attributable to the acquisition of million. 

 The net adjustment to depreciation and amortization expense as a result of the identified intangible assets acquired. 

 The amortization of the fair value adjustment to long-term debt using the effective interest method, offset by the elimination of the amortization expense for debt issuance costs previously deferred by OnDeck. 

 The adjustment to the tax provision, assuming a combined company, including the tax impact of the aforementioned pro forma adjustments. 

 The supplemental unaudited pro forma financial information is provided for illustrative purposes only and does not purport to represent what the actual consolidated results of operations would have been had the acquisition actually occurred on January 1, 2019, nor does it purport to project the future consolidated results of operations. 

Small business loans and finance receivables revenue 

Total loans and finance receivables revenue 

Other 

Total Revenue 

Loans and Finance Receivables at Fair Value 

Principal balance - non-accrual 

Total principal balance 

Loans and finance receivables at fair value - accrual 

Loans and finance receivables at fair value - non-accrual 

Loans and finance receivables at fair value 

Difference between principal balance and fair value 

As of December 31, 2021 

Small 

Consumer 

Business 

Total 

Principal balance - accrual 

Principal balance - non-accrual (1) 

Total principal balance 

Loans and finance receivables at fair value - accrual 

Loans and finance receivables at fair value - non-accrual (1) 

Loans and finance receivables at fair value 

Difference between principal balance and fair value 

As of December 31, 2022 and 2021 , the aggregate fair value of loans and finance receivables that are 90 days or more past due was million, of which million was in non-accrual status, and million, of which million was in non-accrual status, respectively. The aggregate unpaid principal balance for loans and finance receivables that are 90 days or more past due was million and million, respectively. 

Originations or acquisitions 

Interest and fees (1) 

Repayments 

() 

() 

() 

Charge-offs, net (2) 

() 

() 

() 

Net change in fair value (2) 

Effect of foreign currency translation 

Balance at end of period 

Year Ended December 31, 2021 

Small 

Consumer 

Business 

Total 

Balance at beginning of period 

Originations or acquisitions 

Interest and fees (1) 

Repayments 

() 

() 

() 

Charge-offs, net (2) 

() 

() 

() 

Net change in fair value (2) 

() 

Effect of foreign currency translation 

() 

() 

() 

Balance at end of period 

(1) 

 (2) 

In connection with its CSO programs, the Company guarantees consumer loan payment obligations to unrelated third-party lenders for consumer loans and is required to purchase any defaulted loans it has guaranteed. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the amount of consumer loans guaranteed by the Company had an estimated fair value of million and million, respectively, and an outstanding principal balance of million and million, respectively. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021 the amount of consumer loans, including principal, fees and interest, guaranteed by the Company were million and million, respectively. These loans are not included in the consolidated balance sheets as the Company does not own the loans prior to default. 

million, million and million during 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

() 

Furniture, fixtures and equipment 

() 

Leasehold improvements 

() 

Total 

() 

As of December 31, 2021 

Cost 

Accumulated Depreciation 

Net 

Computer software 

() 

Furniture, fixtures and equipment 

() 

Leasehold improvements 

() 

Total 

() 

The Company recognized depreciation expense of million, million and million during 2022, 2021 and 2020 , respectively. 

Acquisitions 

Balance as of December 31, 2021 

Balance as of December 31, 2022 

The Company completed its annual assessment of goodwill as of October 1, 2022 based on qualitative factors and determined that a quantitative analysis was required. Management used the income approach to complete its annual goodwill assessment and determined that the fair value of its goodwill exceeded carrying value; as such, impairment existed at that date. 

() 

Trade names and trademarks (1) 

() 

Licenses 

() 

Customer relationships 

() 

Lead provider and broker relationships 

() 

Total 

() 

As of December 31, 2021 

Cost 

Accumulated Amortization 

Net 

Developed technology (1) 

() 

Trade names and trademarks (1) 

() 

Licenses 

() 

Customer relationships 

() 

Lead provider and broker relationships 

() 

Total 

() 

(1) 

Developed technology is amortized over on a straight-line basis. Customer, lead provider and broker relationships are generally amortized over three to based on the pattern of economic benefits provided. Trade names and trademarks are generally amortized over three to years on a straight-line basis. Licenses are generally amortized over on a straight-line basis. Amortization expense for acquired intangible assets was million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Trade accounts payable 

Accrued payroll and fringe benefits 

Accrued interest payable 

Accrual for consumer loan payments rejected for non-sufficient funds 

Liability for consumer loans funded by third-party lender 

Other accrued liabilities 

Total 

Customer procurement expense including lead purchase costs 

Total 

to . the leases for up to , the leases within . The Company s lease agreements do not contain any material residual value guarantees or material restrictive covenants. The Company determines if an arrangement is an operating lease at inception. Leases with an initial term of 12 months or less are not recorded on the consolidated balance sheet. All other operating leases are recorded on the consolidated balance sheet with right-of-use assets representing the right to use the underlying asset for the lease term and lease liabilities representing the obligation to make lease payments arising from the lease. Right-of-use assets and lease liabilities are recognized at the commencement date based on the present value of lease payments over the lease term and include options to extend or terminate the lease when they are reasonably certain to be exercised. The right-of-use assets represent the lease liability, plus any lease payments made at or before the commencement date, less any lease incentives received. If a lease does not provide an implicit rate, the Company uses its incremental secured borrowing rate, adjusted for the maturity date, based on information available at the commencement date in determining the present value of lease payments. Lease agreements with lease and non-lease components are accounted for as a single lease component. The Company s operating lease expense is recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term and is recorded in general and administrative expense. In December 2021, the Company entered into the Partial Termination and Surrender Agreement and Sixth Lease Modification Agreement (the Termination Agreement to terminate its leases for a portion of its New York City office. As a result of the Termination Agreement, the Company incurred a one-time termination cost of million and gave up its right of use to three of four floors. In return, the lessor gave up its right to future lease payments related to those floors. The terms for the lease for the remaining floor remained unchanged. 

Operating lease impairment/termination charge 

() 

Variable lease cost 

Short-term lease cost 

Sublease income 

() 

() 

() 

Total lease cost 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Total lease payments 

Less: interest 

Present value of lease liabilities 

Weighted average discount rate 

Operating leases 

Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for lease obligations 

Operating leases 

84 
 
 ENOVA INTERNATIONAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

(2) 

2018-2 Securitization Facility 

(3) 

2018-A Securitization Notes 

2019-A Securitization Notes 

NCR 2022 Securitization Facility 

(4) 

ODR 2021-1 Securitization Facility 

(5) 

ODR 2022-1 Securitization Facility 

(6) 

RAOD Securitization Facility 

(7) 

ODAST III Securitization Notes 

(8) 

Total funding debt 

Corporate Debt: 

Senior Notes Due 

Senior Notes Due 

Revolving line of credit 

(9) 

Total corporate debt 

Less: Long-term debt issuance costs 

() 

() 

Less: Debt discounts 

() 

() 

Total long-term debt 

(1) The weighted average interest rate is determined based on the rates and principal balances on December 31, 2022. It does not include the impact of the amortization of deferred loan origination costs or debt discounts. 

 (2) 

 (3) 

 (4) 

 (5) 

 (6) 

 (7) 

 (8) 

 (9) million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 . 

Weighted-average interest rates on long-term debt were and for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company was in compliance with all covenants and other requirements set forth in the prevailing long-term debt agreements. 8.50 Senior Unsecured Notes Due 2025 On September 19, 2018, the Company issued and sold million in aggregate principal amount of senior notes due 2025 (the 2025 Senior Notes ). The 2025 Senior Notes were sold to qualified institutional buyers in accordance with Rule 144A under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act and outside the United States pursuant to Regulation S under the Securities Act. annually on the principal amount payable semi-annually in arrears on March 15 and September 15 of each year, beginning on March 15, 2019. The 2025 Senior Notes were sold at a price of . The 2025 Senior Notes will mature on . The 2025 Senior Notes are unsecured debt obligations of the Company, and are unconditionally guaranteed by certain of its domestic subsidiaries. of the aggregate principal amount of 2025 Senior Notes redeemed plus the applicable make whole premium specified in the indenture that governs the Company s 2025 Senior Notes (the 2025 Senior Notes Indenture ), plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to the redemption date and (ii) at any time on or after September 15, 2021 at the premium, if any, specified in the 2025 Senior Notes Indenture that will decrease over time, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to the redemption date. In addition, prior to September 15, 2021, at its option, the Company may redeem up to of the aggregate principal amount of the 2025 Senior Notes at a redemption price of of the aggregate principal amount of 2025 Senior Notes redeemed, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to the redemption date, with the proceeds of certain equity offerings as described in the 2025 Senior Notes Indenture. The 2025 Senior Notes and the related guarantees have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act, or the securities laws of any state or other jurisdiction, and may not be offered or sold in the United States without registration or an applicable exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act and applicable state securities or blue sky laws and foreign securities laws. The Company used a portion of the net proceeds of the 2025 Senior Notes offering to retire existing indebtedness, to pay the related accrued interest, premiums, fees and expenses associated therewith. The remaining amount was used for general corporate purposes. 8.50 Senior Unsecured Notes Due 2024 On September 1, 2017, the Company issued and sold million in aggregate principal amount of senior notes due 2024 (the 2024 Senior Notes ). The 2024 Senior Notes were sold to qualified institutional buyers in accordance with Rule 144A under the Securities Act and outside the United States pursuant to Regulation S under the Securities Act. annually on the principal amount payable semi-annually in arrears on March 1 and September 1 of each year, beginning on March 1, 2018. The 2024 Senior Notes were sold at a price of . The 2024 Senior Notes will mature on . The 2024 Senior Notes are unsecured debt obligations of the Company, and are unconditionally guaranteed by certain of its domestic subsidiaries. of the aggregate principal amount of 2024 Senior Notes redeemed plus the applicable make whole premium specified in the indenture that governs the Company s 2024 Senior Notes (the 2024 Senior Notes Indenture ), plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to the redemption date and (ii) at any time on or after September 1, 2020 at the premium, if any, specified in the 2024 Senior Notes Indenture that will decrease over time, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to the redemption date. In addition, prior to September 1, 2020, at its option, the Company may redeem up to of the aggregate principal amount of the 2024 Senior Notes at a redemption price of of the aggregate principal amount of 2024 Senior Notes redeemed, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to the redemption date, with the proceeds of certain equity offerings as described in the 2024 Senior Notes Indenture. The 2024 Senior Notes and the related guarantees have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act, or the securities laws of any state or other jurisdiction, and may not be offered or sold in the United States without registration or an applicable exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act and applicable state securities or blue sky laws and foreign securities laws. The Company used the net proceeds of the 2024 Senior Notes offering to retire a portion of its existing indebtedness, to pay the related accrued interest, premiums, fees and expenses associated therewith and for general corporate purposes. Loan Securitization Facilities NCR 2022 Securitization Facility On October 21, 2022, the Company and several of its subsidiaries entered into a receivables funding agreement (the NCR 2022 Securitization Facility with Jefferies Funding LLC, as the initial note purchaser and administrative agent (the NCR 2022 Administrative Agent ). The NCR 2022 Securitization Facility collateralizes certain receivables that have been and will be originated or acquired under the Company s NetCredit brand by several of its subsidiaries and that meet specified eligibility criteria in exchange for a note payable. Under the NCR 2022 Securitization Facility, receivables are sold to a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company (the NCR 2022 Debtor and serviced by another subsidiary of the Company. The NCR 2022 Debtor will issue notes with an initial maximum principal balance of million, which are required to be secured by 1.25 times the drawn amount in eligible receivables. . The NCR 2022 Securitization Facility is non-recourse to the Company. As of December 31, 2022 , the total outstanding amount of the NCR 2022 Securitization Facility was million. The NCR 2022 Securitization Facility is governed by a note issuance and purchase agreement, dated as of October 21, 2022, among the NCR 2022 Administrative Agent, the NCR 2022 Debtor, Citibank, N.A., as collateral agent and paying agent, and the other note purchasers from time to time party thereto. The NCR 2022 Securitization Facility bears interest at a rate per annum equal to the Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR (subject to a floor) plus . Interest payments on the NCR 2022 Securitization Facility are made monthly. The NCR 2022 Debtor is permitted to prepay the NCR 2022 Securitization Facility, subject to certain fees and conditions. In the event of prepayment for the purposes of securitizations, no fees shall apply. Amounts due under the NCR 2022 Securitization Facility are secured by all of the NCR 2022 Debtor s assets, which include the receivables transferred to the NCR 2022 Debtor, related rights under the receivables, a bank account and certain other related collateral. The NCR 2022 Facility documents contain customary provisions for securitizations, including: representations and warranties as to the eligibility of the receivables and other matters; indemnification for specified losses not including losses due to the inability of consumers to repay their loans; covenants regarding special purpose entity matters; and default and termination provisions which provide for the acceleration of the NCR 2022 Facility in circumstances including, but not limited to, failure to make payments when due, servicer defaults, certain insolvency events, breaches of representations, warranties or covenants, failure to maintain the security interest in the receivables and defaults under other material indebtedness of the NCR 2022 Debtor. ODR 2022-1 Securitization Facility On June 30, 2022 (the ODR 2022-1 Closing Date ), the Company and several of its subsidiaries entered into a receivables securitization (the ODR 2022-1 Securitization Facility with lenders party thereto from time to time, BMO Capital Markets Corp. as administrative agent and collateral agent and Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, as paying agent. The ODR 2022-1 Securitization Facility finances securitization receivables that have been and will be originated or acquired under the Company s OnDeck brand by a wholly-owned subsidiary and that meet specified eligibility criteria. Under the ODR 2022-1 Securitization Facility, eligible securitization receivables are sold to a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company (the ODR 2022-1 Debtor and serviced by another subsidiary of the Company. The ODR 2022-1 Securitization Facility has Class A and Class B revolving commitments of million and million, respectively, which are required to be secured by eligible securitization receivables. The ODR 2022-1 Securitization Facility is non-recourse to the Company and matures three years after the ODR 2022-1 Closing Date. As of December 31, 2022 , the total outstanding amount of the ODR 2022-1 Securitization Facility was million. The ODR 2022-1 Securitization Facility is governed by a credit agreement, dated as of the ODR 2022-1 Closing Date, among the ODR 2022-1 Debtor, the administrative and collateral agent, the lenders, and the paying agent. The revolving Class A revolving loans shall accrue interest at a rate per annum equal to the CP rate plus with an advance rate of . The Class B revolving loans shall accrue interest at a rate per annum equal to SOFR plus with an advance rate of . Interest payments on the ODR 2022-1 Securitization Facility will be made monthly. All amounts due under the ODR 2022-1 Securitization Facility are secured by all of the ODR 2022-1 Debtor s assets, which include the eligible securitization receivables transferred to the ODR 2022-1 Debtor, related rights under the eligible securitization receivables, a bank account and certain other related collateral. The Company has issued a limited indemnity to the lenders for certain bad acts, and the Company has agreed for the benefit of the lenders to meet certain ongoing financial performance covenants. The ODR 2022-1 Securitization Facility documents contain customary provisions for securitizations, including representations and warranties as to the eligibility of the eligible securitization receivables and other matters; indemnification for specified losses not including losses due to the inability of customers to repay their loans or lines of credit; covenants regarding special purpose entity matters; and default and termination provisions which provide for the acceleration of the ODR 2022-1 Securitization Facility in circumstances including, but not limited to, failure to make payments when due, certain insolvency events, breaches of representations, warranties or covenants, failure to maintain the security interest in the eligible securitization receivables, and defaults under other material indebtedness of the ODR 2022-1 Debtor. ODR 2021-1 Securitization Facility On November 17, 2021 (the ODR 2021-1 Closing Date ), the Company and several of its subsidiaries entered into a receivables securitization (the ODR 2021-1 Securitization Facility with the lenders party thereto from time to time, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent and collateral agent, and Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, as paying agent. The ODR 2021-1 Securitization Facility finances securitization receivables that have been and will be originated or acquired under the Company s OnDeck brand by several of the Company s subsidiaries and that meet specified eligibility criteria. Under the ODR 2021-1 Securitization Facility, eligible securitization receivables are sold to a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company (the ODR 2021-1 Debtor and serviced by another subsidiary of the Company. The ODR 2021-1 Debtor has issued revolving loan notes that are required to be secured by eligible securitization receivables. On March 29, 2022, the ODR 2021-1 Securitization Facility was amended to, among other changes, increase the commitment amount of the revolving loans from million to million. On November 18, 2022 the ODR 2021-1 Securitization Facility was further amended to include a Class B revolving note with a maximum loan balance of million, increasing the total commitment amount from million to million. The ODR 2021-1 Securitization Facility is non-recourse to the Company and matures three years after the ODR 2021-1 Closing Date. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021 , there was million and outstanding amount under the ODR 2021-1 Securitization Facility, respectively. The ODR 2021-1 Securitization Facility is governed by a credit agreement, dated as of the ODR 2021-1 Closing Date, and amended on March 29, 2022 and November 18, 2022, among the ODR 2021-1 Debtor, the administrative and collateral agent, the lenders, and the paying agent. The ODR 2021-1 Securitization Facility Class A note bears interest at a rate per annum equal to a benchmark rate (currently the lender s asset-backed commercial paper rate) plus an applicable margin of . The ODR 2021-1 Securitization Facility Class B note bears interest at a rate per annum equal to a benchmark rate (currently SOFR) plus an applicable margin of . . All amounts due under the ODR 2021-1 Securitization Facility are secured by all of the ODR 2021-1 Debtor s assets, which include the eligible securitization receivables transferred to the ODR 2021-1 Debtor, related rights under the eligible securitization receivables, a bank account and certain other related collateral. The Company has issued a limited indemnity to the lenders for certain bad acts, and the Company has agreed for the benefit of the lenders to meet certain ongoing financial performance covenants. The ODR 2021-1 Securitization Facility documents contain customary provisions for securitizations, including representations and warranties as to the eligibility of the eligible securitization receivables and other matters; indemnification for specified losses not including losses due to the inability of customers to repay their loans or lines of credit; covenants regarding special purpose entity matters; and default and termination provisions which provide for the acceleration of the ODR 2021-1 Securitization Facility in circumstances including, but not limited to, failure to make payments when due, certain insolvency events, breaches of representations, warranties or covenants, failure to maintain the security interest in the eligible securitization receivables, and defaults under other material indebtedness of the ODR 2021-1 Debtor. ODAST III Securitization Notes On May 5, 2021, OnDeck Asset Securitization Trust III LLC ODAST III ), a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, issued million initial principal amount of fixed-rate, asset-backed notes (the ODAST III Securitization Notes in a securitization transaction (the ODAST III Transaction and such series, the ODAST III Series ). The ODAST III Securitization Notes are the first series of notes ever issued by ODAST III. On May 5, 2021, the proceeds of the ODAST III Transaction were used to purchase small business loans from On Deck Capital, Inc. ODC and ODK Capital, LLC ODK ), each of which is a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, that will be pledged as collateral for the ODAST III Securitization Notes. The Company used substantially all the proceeds from ODAST III to purchase such small business loans from certain of its subsidiaries and for other general corporate purposes. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021 , the carrying amount of the ODAST III Securitization Notes was million, including an unamortized discount of million and unamortized issuance costs of million and million, including an unamortized discount of million and unamortized issuance costs of million, respectively. The ODAST III Securitization Notes were issued in four classes with a weighted average fixed interest coupon of per annum. The revolving period during which a certain portion of collections received on the portfolio of loans held by ODAST III may be used to continue to purchase loans from ODC and ODK ends in April 2024. The ODAST III Securitization Notes have a final maturity in May 2027 with optional prepayment beginning in May 2023. The ODAST III Securitization Notes are, and future series of notes, if any, issued under the Base Indenture will be, secured by and payable from such series pro rata allocation of collections received on a revolving pool of small business loans transferred from time to time from the Company to ODAST III. At the time of issuance of the ODAST III Securitization Notes, the portfolio of loans held by ODAST III and pledged to secure the ODAST III Securitization Notes was approximately million. 2019-A Securitization Notes On October 17, 2019 (the 2019-A Closing Date ), the Company issued Class A Asset Backed Notes (the 2019-A Class A Notes ), Class B Asset Backed Notes (the 2019-A Class B Notes ), and Class C Asset Backed Notes (the 2019-A Class C Notes and, collectively with the 2019-A Class A Notes and the 2019-A Class B Notes, the 2019-A Securitization Notes ), through an indirect subsidiary. The 2019-A Class A Notes bear interest at , the 2019-A Class B Notes bear interest at , and the 2019-A Class C Notes bear interest at . The 2019-A Securitization Notes are backed by a pool of unsecured consumer installment loans Securitization Receivables and represent obligations of the issuer only. The 2019-A Securitization Notes are not guaranteed by the Company. Under the 2019 A Notes, Securitization Receivables are sold to a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company and serviced by another subsidiary of the Company. The 2019-A Securitization Notes were paid in full and terminated during 2022. As of December 31, 2021 , the total outstanding amount of the 2019-A Securitization Notes was million. 2018-A Securitization Notes On October 31, 2018 (the 2018-A Closing Date ), the Company issued Class A Asset Backed Notes (the 2018-A Class A Notes and Class B Asset Backed Notes (the 2018-A Class B Notes and, collectively with the Class A Notes, the 2018-A Securitization Notes ), through an indirect subsidiary. The Class A Notes bear interest at and the Class B Notes bear interest at . The 2018-A Securitization Notes are backed by a pool of Securitization Receivables and represent obligations of the issuer only. The 2018-A Securitization Notes are not guaranteed by the Company. Under the 2018-A Securitization Notes, Securitization Receivables are sold to a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company and serviced by another subsidiary of the Company. The 2018-A Securitization Notes were paid in full and terminated during 2022. As of December 31, 2021 , the total outstanding amount of the 2018-A Securitization Notes was million. 2018-2 Securitization Facility On October 23, 2018, the Company and several of its subsidiaries entered into a receivables funding agreement (the 2018-2 Securitization Facility with Credit Suisse AG, New York Branch, as agent (the 2018-2 Agent ). The 2018-2 Securitization Facility collateralizes Securitization Receivables that have been and will be originated or acquired under the Company s NetCredit brand by several of its subsidiaries and that meet specified eligibility criteria in exchange for a revolving note. Under the 2018-2 Securitization Facility, Securitization Receivables are sold to a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company (the 2018-2 Debtor and serviced by another subsidiary of the Company. The 2018-2 Debtor has issued a revolving note with an initial maximum principal balance of million, which was required to be secured by 1.25 times the drawn amount in eligible Securitization Receivables. On July 23, 2021, the 2018-2 Securitization Facility was amended to increase the advance rate to and to reopen and extend the revolving period for to . The amendment also made certain changes in the scope of eligibility criteria for acceptable collateral. On March 14, 2022 the 2018-2 Securitization facility was amended to, among other changes, increase the commitment amount from million to million. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021 , the outstanding amount of the 2018-2 Securitization Facility was million and million, respectively. The 2018-2 Securitization Facility is governed by a loan and security agreement, dated as of October 23, 2018, and amended on July 23, 2021 and March 14, 2022, among the 2018-2 Agent, the 2018-2 Debtor and certain other lenders and agent parties thereto. The 2018-2 Securitization Facility Class A Notes bear interest at a rate per annum equal to SOFR plus an applicable margin, which rate per annum is and the Class B Notes bear interest at a rate per annum equal to SOFR plus . In addition, the 2018-2 Debtor paid certain customary upfront closing fees to the 2018-2 Agent. Interest payments on the 2018-2 Securitization Facility will be made . The 2018-2 Debtor shall be permitted to prepay the 2018-2 Securitization Facility, subject to certain fees and conditions. Any remaining amounts outstanding will be payable no later than , the final maturity date. All amounts due under the 2018-2 Securitization Facility are secured by all of the 2018-2 Debtor s assets, which include the Securitization Receivables transferred to the 2018-2 Debtor, related rights under the Securitization Receivables, a bank account and certain other related collateral. The 2018-2 Securitization Facility documents contain customary provisions for securitizations, including: representations and warranties as to the eligibility of the Securitization Receivables and other matters; indemnification for specified losses not including losses due to the inability of consumers to repay their loans; covenants regarding special purpose entity matters; and default and termination provisions that provide for the acceleration of the 2018-2 Securitization Facility in circumstances including, but not limited to, failure to make payments when due, servicer defaults, certain insolvency events, breaches of representations, warranties or covenants, failure to maintain the security interest in the Securitization Receivables and defaults under other material indebtedness of the 2018-2 Debtor. 2018 1 Securitization Facility On July 23, 2018, the Company and several of its subsidiaries entered into a receivables funding agreement (the 2018 1 Securitization Facility with Pacific Western Bank, as lender (the 2018 1 Lender ). The 2018 1 Securitization Facility collateralizes Securitization Receivables that have been and will be originated or acquired under the Company s NetCredit brand by several of its subsidiaries and that meet specified eligibility criteria in exchange for a revolving note. Under the 2018 1 Securitization Facility, Securitization Receivables are sold to a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company (the 2018 1 Debtor and serviced by another subsidiary of the Company. The 2018 1 Debtor has issued a revolving note with an initial maximum principal balance of million, which was required to be secured by 1.25 times the drawn amount in eligible Securitization Receivables. On September 15, 2021, the 2018-1 Securitization Facility was amended to increase the advance rate and to reopen and extend the revolving period to and the final maturity date to . The amendment also increased the eligibility criteria around acceptable collateral and increased flexibility around certain financial covenants. On March 24, 2022, the 2018-1 Securitization Facility was amended to, among other changes, increase the commitment amount of the revolving loans from million to million and extend the maturity date from to . The 2018 1 Securitization Facility is non-recourse to the Company. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021 , the outstanding amount of the 2018-1 Securitization Facility was million and million, respectively. The 2018 1 Securitization Facility is governed by a loan and security agreement, dated as of July 23, 2018, and amended on September 15, 2021 and March 24, 2022, between the 2018 1 Lender and the 2018 1 Debtor. The 2018-1 Securitization Facility bears interest at a rate per annum equal to SOFR plus an applicable margin, which rate per annum is . In addition, the 2018 1 Debtor paid certain customary upfront closing fees to the 2018 1 Lender. Interest payments on the 2018 1 Securitization Facility will be made . The 2018 1 Debtor shall be permitted to prepay the 2018 1 Securitization Facility, subject to certain fees and conditions. In the event of prepayment for the purposes of securitizations, no fees shall apply. Any remaining amounts outstanding will be payable no later than March 24, 2027, the final maturity date. All amounts due under the 2018 1 Securitization Facility are secured by all of the 2018 1 Debtor s assets, which include the Securitization Receivables transferred to the 2018 1 Debtor, related rights under the Securitization Receivables, a bank account and certain other related collateral. The 2018 1 Facility documents contain customary provisions for securitizations, including: representations and warranties as to the eligibility of the Securitization Receivables and other matters; indemnification for specified losses not including losses due to the inability of consumers to repay their loans; covenants regarding special purpose entity matters; and default and termination provisions which provide for the acceleration of the 2018 1 Facility in circumstances including, but not limited to, failure to make payments when due, servicer defaults, certain insolvency events, breaches of representations, warranties or covenants, failure to maintain the security interest in the receivables and defaults under other material indebtedness of the 2018 1 Debtor. RAOD Securitization Facility Assumed in the OnDeck acquisition, the loan securitization facility RAOD Securitization Facility for Receivable Assets of OnDeck, LLC RAOD ), a wholly-owned indirect subsidiary of the Company, collateralizes certain eligible installment loans originated or purchased by OnDeck or certain other subsidiaries. The RAOD Securitization Facility was amended on December 24, 2020, which, amongst other changes, extended the revolving period from December 2020 to December 2022, extended the maturity date from September 2021 to December 2023, revised the advance rate to and changed the borrowing rate from to LIBOR plus . On July 16, 2021, the RAOD Securitization Facility was further amended to increase the total commitment from million to million by increasing the Class A note commitment to million and adding a Class B note with a commitment of million. The borrowing rate on the Class A note was lowered from to LIBOR plus and the borrowing rate on the Class B note was and the advance rate for the Class A notes remained and the Class B notes advance rate was . The scope of acceptable collateral was also expanded to include line of credit products from OnDeck in addition to installment loans. On March 18, 2022, the RAOD Securitization Facility was amended to, among other changes, increase the Class A commitment amount to million and the Class B commitment to million. On November 18, 2022, the RAOD Securitization Facility was amended to extend the revolving period to November 2024 , extend the maturity date to November 2025 , change the Class A borrowing rate from to SOFR plus and the Class B borrowing rate from to SOFR plus , and decrease the Class B commitment from million to million and the Class B advance rate from to . The Class A commitment amount and advance rate remained the same at million and , respectively. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021 , the carrying amount of the RAOD Securitization Facility was million and million, respectively. Revolving Credit Facility On June 23, 2022, the Company and certain of its subsidiaries entered into an amended and restated secured revolving credit agreement with Bank of Montreal, as administrative agent and collateral agent, the lenders from time to time party thereto, and BMO Capital Markets, Axos Bank, and Synovus Bank, as the joint lead arrangers and joint lead bookrunners (the Credit Agreement ). The Credit Agreement amended and restated the existing credit agreement, dated as of June 30, 2017, by and among the Company, certain of its subsidiaries, the lenders from time to time party thereto, and TBK Bank, SSB, as administrative agent, in its entirety. The Credit Agreement provides for a secured, asset-backed revolving credit facility in an aggregate principal amount of up to million, with a million letter of credit sublimit and a million swingline loan sublimit. The proceeds of the loans under the Credit Agreement may be used for working capital and other general business purposes. The Company had outstanding borrowings as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 , of million and million, respectively, under the Credit Agreement. The loans bear interest, at the Company s option, at the base rate plus or the SOFR rate plus . In addition to customary fees for a credit facility of this size and type, the Credit Agreement provides for payment of a commitment fee calculated with respect to the unused portion of the commitment, and ranges from per annum to per annum depending on usage. The Credit Agreement contains certain prepayment penalties if it is terminated on or before the first and second anniversary dates, subject to certain exceptions. The loans mature on . The Company had outstanding letters of credit under the Credit Agreement of million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. The Credit Agreement contains customary affirmative and negative covenants, including covenants that limit or restrict the Company and its subsidiaries ability to, among other things, incur indebtedness, grant liens, merge or consolidate, dispose of assets, make investments, enter into certain transactions with affiliates, make restricted payments, and enter into restrictive agreements, in each case subject to customary exceptions for a credit facility of this size and type. The Credit Agreement also includes financial maintenance covenants, which require the Company to maintain compliance with a minimum fixed charge coverage ratio and a maximum consolidated leverage ratio, each determined in accordance with the terms of the Credit Agreement. The Credit Agreement also contains environmental, social, and governance provisions allowing amendment of the Credit Agreement to reflect subsequently agreed upon key performance indicators with respect to sustainability targets, achievement of which would result in adjustments to the commitment fee and applicable margins. 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Securitization (1) 

Total 

(1) , the ODR 2022-1 Securitization Facility matures in , the 2018-2 Securitization Facility matures in , the RAOD Securitization Facility matures in , the NCR 2022 Securitization Facility matures in , the 2018-1 Securitization Facility matures in and the ODAST III Securitization Notes mature in . 

91 
 
 ENOVA INTERNATIONAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Translation adjustments 

Lease liability 

Foreign net operating loss carryforward 

U.S. net operating loss carryforward 

Capitalized intangible costs 

Other 

Total deferred tax assets 

Deferred tax liabilities: 

Amortizable intangible assets 

Loans and finance receivables, net 

Property and equipment 

Operating lease right-of-use asset 

Other 

Total deferred tax liabilities 

Net deferred tax liabilities before valuation allowance 

() 

() 

Valuation allowance 

() 

() 

Net deferred tax liabilities 

() 

() 

As a result of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017, certain research and experimental expenditures that could previously be deducted immediately under Internal Revenue Code Section 174 are, beginning with amounts paid or incurred in tax years starting after December 31, 2021, required to be capitalized and amortized ratably over a year period for research performed in the United States or years for research conducted outside the United States. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had a deferred tax asset of million related to this provision, which is included in capitalized intangible costs in the preceding table. 

International 

() 

Income before income taxes 

Current provision: 

Federal 

State and local 

Total current provision 

Deferred provision: 

Federal 

State and local 

Total deferred provision 

Total provision for income taxes 

for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, for the following reasons (dollars in thousands): 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Tax provision computed at the federal statutory income tax rate 

State and local income taxes, net of federal tax benefits 

Bargain purchase gain 

() 

Release of uncertain tax position 

() 

() 

() 

Other 

() 

Total provision 

Effective tax rate 

The Company has gross federal net operating loss carryforwards of million as of December 31, 2022 , mainly attributable to the Company s 2020 acquisitions. The Company has recorded a valuation allowance related to the federal net operating loss carryforwards as they are not more likely than not to be utilized as the losses will be limited to the Section 382 ownership changes. The Company has established a tax-effected valuation allowance of million as of December 31, 2022 , against the net operating losses that will expire prior to their utilization. Following the acquisition of OnDeck, the Company is subject to a Section 382 limitation associated with the built-in losses and other attributes of the acquired OnDeck assets. The reversal of certain deferred tax assets acquired by Enova associated with OnDeck assets may be determined to be recognized built-in losses as defined in Section 382. As such, the losses may be limited to the annual Section 382 limitation of approximately million per year. The Company has gross state net operating loss carryforwards of million, million and million as of December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 , respectively, that, if unused, will expire between calendar years and . As of December 31, 2022, the gross state net operating loss carryforwards include losses incurred in states that quantify net operating losses before the application of apportionment factors. The Company did not previously have net operating loss carryforwards in these states, and their inclusion inflates the total amount of state net operating loss carryforwards when compared to a population of states that quantify net operating losses after the application of apportionment factors. The Company has recorded a valuation allowance of million as of December 31, 2022, related to Louisiana state net operating loss carryforward deferred tax assets as they are not more likely than not to be utilized based on the calculation of income tax in the state of Louisiana. The state excludes interest income from its tax base and the Company does not anticipate generating a sufficient amount of non-interest income to enable the utilization of net operating losses. The Company has gross foreign net operating loss carryforwards from Brazilian operations of million, million and million as of December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. These net operating loss carryforwards are subject to annual limitations and have an unlimited carryforward period. The Company has recorded a full valuation allowance related to the Brazilian net operating loss carryforwards, as they are not more likely than not to be utilized. As of December 31, 2022, we currently have insignificant accumulated earnings in foreign jurisdictions. We intend to indefinitely reinvest these earnings and expect future U.S. cash generation to be sufficient to meet future U.S. cash needs. 

Additions 

Deductions 

() 

() 

Balance at end of period 

A 

Additions based on tax positions related to the current year 

Reductions based on tax positions related to the current year 

() 

Additions for tax positions of prior years 

Reductions for tax positions of prior years 

() 

() 

() 

Additions for opening tax positions of acquired entity 

Reductions due to settlements with the taxing authorities 

() 

() 

() 

Balance at end of period 

Included in the balances of unrecognized tax benefits at December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 are potential benefits of million, million and million, respectively, that, if recognized, would favorably affect the effective tax rate in the period of recognition. The balance of unrecognized tax benefits for temporary items as of December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was million, million and million, respectively. The Company recognizes interest and penalties, if any, related to unrecognized tax benefits in income tax expense. The liability for unrecognized tax benefits as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 includes million and million, respectively, for accrued interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits. Within the tabular rollforward, the additions and reductions based on tax positions related to the current year, primarily relate to a temporary uncertainty that is expected to reverse in the immediately following tax period. The table includes the net increase or decrease associated with this position. The Company believes it is reasonably possible that, within the next twelve months, unrecognized domestic tax benefits will change by a significant amount up to and including the full amount of the reserve. The Company s principal uncertainties are related to the timing of recognition of income and losses related to its loan and finance receivable portfolio. In 2020, the Company successfully closed a Joint Committee on Taxation review of certain tax returns that were filed during 2018 in conjunction with the refunds claimed on those returns. Depending upon the outcome any future agreements or settlements with the relevant taxing authorities, the amount of the uncertainty, including amounts that would be recognized as a component of the effective tax rate, could change significantly. While the total amount of uncertainty to be resolved is not clear, it is reasonably possible that the uncertainties pertaining to the tax positions will be resolved in the next twelve months. The Company s U.S. tax returns are subject to examination by federal and state taxing authorities. The statute of limitations related to the Company s consolidated Federal income tax returns is closed for all tax years up to and including 2018. However, the 2014 tax year is still open to the extent of the net operating loss that was carried back from the 2019 tax return. The years open to examination by state, local and foreign government authorities vary by jurisdiction, but the statute of limitation is generally from the date the tax return is filed. For jurisdictions that have generated net operating losses, carryovers may be subject to the statute of limitations applicable for the year those carryovers are utilized. In these cases, the period for which the losses may be adjusted will extend to conform with the statute of limitations for the year in which the losses are utilized. In most circumstances, this is expected to increase the length of time that the applicable taxing authority may examine the carryovers by one year or longer, in limited cases. 

million and million, respectively, and an outstanding principal balance of million and million, respectively. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the amount of consumer loans, including principal, fees and interest, guaranteed by the Company were million and million, respectively. These loans are not included in the consolidated balance sheets as the Company does not own the loans prior to default. Litigation On April 23, 2018, the Commonwealth of Virginia, through Attorney General Mark R. Herring, filed a lawsuit in the Circuit Court for the County of Fairfax, Virginia against NC Financial Solutions of Utah, LLC NC Utah ), a subsidiary of the Company. The lawsuit alleges violations of the Virginia Consumer Protection Act VCPA relating to NC Utah s communications with customers, collections of certain payments, its loan agreements, and the rates it charged to Virginia borrowers. The plaintiff is seeking to enjoin NC Utah from continuing its current lending practices in Virginia, restitution, civil penalties, and costs and expenses in connection with the same. Neither the likelihood of an unfavorable decision nor the ultimate liability, if any, with respect to this matter can be determined at this time, and the Company is currently unable to estimate a range of reasonably possible losses, as defined by ASC 450-20-20, Contingencies Loss Contingencies Glossary, for this litigation. The Company carefully considered applicable Virginia law before NC Utah began lending in Virginia and, as a result, believes that the Plaintiff s claims in the complaint are without merit and intends to vigorously defend this lawsuit. The Company is also involved in certain routine legal proceedings, claims and litigation matters encountered in the ordinary course of its business. Certain of these matters may be covered to an extent by insurance or by indemnification agreements with third parties. The Company has recorded accruals in its consolidated financial statements for those matters in which it is probable that it has incurred a loss and the amount of the loss, or range of loss, can be reasonably estimated. In the opinion of management, the resolution of these matters will not have a material adverse effect on the Company s financial position, results of operations or liquidity. 

of the first of pay and of the next of pay that each employee contributes to the Enova 401(k) Plan. The Company s matching contributions fully vest after a participant s second year of service with the Company. For the OnDeck 401(k) Plan, new OnDeck employees were automatically enrolled in this plan unless they elected not to participate. of up to the first of pay that each employee contributed to the OnDeck 401(k) Plan. The Company s matching contributions fully vested after one year of service with the Company. The Company recorded compensation expense for combined contributions to these three plans of million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The Company also sponsors the Enova International, Inc. Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan SERP in which certain officers and certain other employees of the Company participate. Under this defined contribution plan, the Company makes an annual supplemental cash contribution to the SERP based on the terms of the plan as approved by the Company s Management Development and Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors. The Company recorded compensation expense of million, million and million for SERP contributions for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The NQSP and the SERP are non-qualified, unfunded, deferred compensation plans for which the Company holds securities in rabbi trusts to pay benefits. These securities are classified as trading securities, and the unrealized gains and losses on these securities are netted with the costs of the plans in General and administrative expenses in the consolidated statements of income. 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

shares of Common Stock pursuant to Awards granted as incentive stock options (intended to qualify under Section 422 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended), nonqualified stock options, restricted stock units RSUs ), restricted stock, performance shares, stock appreciation rights or other stock-based awards. Since 2014, nonqualified stock options and RSU awards have been the only stock-based awards granted under the Plan. As of December 31, 2022 , there were shares available for future grants under the Enova LTIP. In connection with the acquisition of OnDeck on October 13, 2020, the Board of Directors authorized the issuance of shares of Common Stock with respect to certain RSUs (including certain performance-based RSUs) outstanding under the On Deck Capital, Inc. 2014 Equity Incentive Plan that were assumed by Enova. The Board of Directors also authorized the issuance of shares of Common Stock under certain inducement RSUs being granted in connection with the acquisition of OnDeck. During the year ended December 31, 2022 , the Company received shares of its common stock valued at approximately million as partial payment of taxes required to be withheld upon issuance of shares under RSUs. Restricted Stock Units During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 , the Company granted RSUs to Company officers, certain employees and to the non-management members of the Board of Directors under the Enova LTIP. Each vested RSU entitles the holder to receive a share of the common stock of the Company. For Company officers and certain employees, the shares are to be issued upon vesting of the RSUs generally over a period of . Shares for RSU awards granted to members of the Board of Directors vest and are issued twelve months after the grant date. In accordance with ASC 718, the grant date fair value of RSUs is based on the Company s closing stock price on the day before the grant date and is amortized to expense over the vesting periods. The agreements relating to awards provide that the vesting and payment of awards would be accelerated if there is a change in control of the Company. 

Units granted 

Shares issued 

() 

() 

() 

Units forfeited 

() 

() 

() 

Outstanding at end of year 

Compensation expense related to these RSUs totaling million million net of related taxes), million million net of related taxes) and million million net of related taxes) was recognized for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Total unrecognized compensation cost related to these RSUs at December 31, 2022 was million, which will be recognized over a weighted average period of approximately years. The outstanding RSUs had an aggregate intrinsic value of million at December 31, 2022. Stock Options During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Company granted stock options to purchase Enova stock to Company officers and certain employees under the Enova LTIP. Stock options would allow the holder to purchase shares of the Company s common stock at a price not less than the fair market value of the shares as of the grant date, or the exercise price. Stock options granted under the Enova LTIP generally become exercisable in equal increments on the first, second and third anniversaries of their date of grant, and expire on the seventh anniversary of their date of grant. Exercise prices of these stock options are equal to the closing stock price on the day before the grant date. In accordance with ASC 718, compensation expense on stock options is based on the grant date fair value of the stock options and is amortized to expense over the vesting periods. For the year ended December 31, 2022 , the Company estimated the fair value of the stock option grants using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model based on the following weighted average assumptions: risk-free interest rate of , expected term (life) of options of years, expected volatility of and expected dividends. Determining the fair value of options awards at their respective grant dates requires considerable judgment, including estimating expected volatility and expected term (life). The Company based its expected volatility on a weighted average of the historical volatility of the Company. The Company calculated its expected term based on the simplified method, which is the mid-point between the weighted-average graded-vesting term and the contractual term. The simplified method was chosen as a means to determine expected term as the Company has limited historical option exercise experience as a public company. The Company derived the risk-free rate from a weighted-average yield for the three-and five-year zero-coupon U.S. Treasury Strips. The Company estimates forfeitures at the grant date based on its historical forfeiture rate and revises the estimate, if necessary, in subsequent periods if actual forfeitures differ from those estimates. 

Options granted 

Options exercised 

() 

() 

() 

Options forfeited 

() 

() 

Outstanding at end of year 

Exercisable options at end of year 

The weighted average fair value of options granted in 2022 was . Compensation expense related to stock options totaling million million net of related taxes), million million net of related taxes) and million million net of related taxes) was recognized for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Total unrecognized compensation cost related to stock options at December 31, 2022 was million, which will be recognized over a period of approximately years. At December 31, 2022 , the intrinsic value of stock options outstanding was million, and the intrinsic value of stock options exercisable was million, respectively. 

million related to OnDeck Canada that was primarily the result of labor and software charges from people and technology assets at the OnDeck parent company. On February 24, 2021, the Company contributed the platform-as-service business assumed in the OnDeck acquisition to Linear in exchange for ownership units in that entity. The Company records its interest in Linear under the equity method of accounting. As of December 31, 2022 , the Company had outstanding affiliate balance with Linear. As of December 31, 2021 , the Company had a due from affiliate balance of million from Linear that was primarily comprised of reimbursable expenses paid by the Company on behalf of Linear and fees for services provided. As discussed in Note 1 in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, in December 2021, the Company divested a portion of its interest in OnDeck Australia and began recording its remaining interest utilizing the equity method of accounting. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021 , there was a due from affiliate balance of million and outstanding balance between the Company and OnDeck Australia, respectively. The Company believes that the transactions described above have been provided on terms no less favorable to the Company than could have been negotiated with non-affiliated third parties. 

to consolidate them. The assets and liabilities related to the VIEs are included in the Company s consolidated financial statements and are accounted for as secured borrowings. 

Income taxes (recovered) paid 

() 

Non-cash investing and financing activities: 

Loans and finance receivables renewed 

Fair value of acquired assets 

Liabilities assumed in acquisitions 

Issuance of common stock related to the acquisition of OnDeck 

() 

reportable segment, which is composed of the Company s domestic and international operations and corporate services. The Company has aggregated all components of its business into a single operating segment based on the similarities of the economic characteristics, the nature of the products and services, the nature of the production and distribution methods, the shared technology platforms, the type of customer and the nature of the regulatory environment. 

Other international countries 

Total revenue 

The Company s long-lived assets, which consist of the Company s property and equipment, were million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021 , respectively. The operations for the Company s domestic and international businesses are primarily located within the United States, and the value of any long-lived assets located outside of the United States is immaterial. 

Observable inputs are based on market data obtained from independent sources, while unobservable inputs are based on the Company s market assumptions. Unobservable inputs require significant management judgment or estimation. In some cases, the inputs used to measure an asset or liability may fall into different levels of the fair value hierarchy. In those cases, the fair value measurement is categorized in its entirety in the same level of the fair value hierarchy as the lowest level of input that is significant to the entire measurement. Such determination requires significant management judgment. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 , there were transfers of assets or liabilities between Level 1, 2 or 3. It is the Company s policy to value any transfers between levels of the fair value hierarchy based on end of period values. 

Small business loans and finance receivables (1) 

Non-qualified savings plan assets (2) 

Investment in trading security (3) 

Total 

December 31, 

Fair Value Measurements Using 

2021 

Level 1 

Level 2 

Level 3 

Financial assets 

Consumer loans and finance receivables (1) 

Small business loans and finance receivables (1) 

Non-qualified savings plan assets (2) 

Investment in trading security (3) 

Total 

(1) million and million as of December 31, 2022 , respectively, and million and million as of December 31, 2021 , respectively in assets of consolidated VIEs. 

 (2) 

 (3) 

The Company primarily estimates the fair value of its loan and finance receivables portfolio using discounted cash flow models that have been internally developed. The models use inputs, such as estimated losses, prepayments, utilization rates, servicing costs and discount rates, that are unobservable but reflect the Company s best estimates of the assumptions a market participant would use to calculate fair value. Certain unobservable inputs may, in isolation, have either a directionally consistent or opposite impact on the fair value of the financial instrument for a given change in that input. An increase to the net loss rate, prepayment rate, servicing cost, or discount rate would decrease the fair value of the Company s loans and finance receivables. When multiple inputs are used within the valuation techniques for loans, a change in one input in a certain direction may be offset by an opposite change from another input. The fair value of the nonqualified savings plan assets was deemed Level 1 as they are publicly traded equity securities for which market prices of identical assets are readily observable. The fair value of the investment in trading security was deemed Level 1 as it is a publicly traded fund with active market pricing that is readily available. The Company had liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis as of December 31, 2022 or 2021. Fair Value Measurements on a Non-Recurring Basis The Company measures non-financial assets and liabilities such as property and equipment and intangible assets at fair value on a nonrecurring basis or when events or circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the assets may be impaired. At December 31, 2022 and 2021 , there were assets or liabilities recorded at fair value on a nonrecurring basis. Financial Assets and Liabilities Not Measured at Fair Value 

Restricted cash (1) 

Investment in unconsolidated investee (2) 

Total 

Financial liabilities: 

Revolving line of credit 

Securitization facilities 

senior notes due 

senior notes due 

Total 

December 31, 

Fair Value Measurements Using 

2021 

Level 1 

Level 2 

Level 3 

Financial assets: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Restricted cash (1) 

Investment in unconsolidated investee (2) 

Total 

Financial liabilities: 

Revolving line of credit 

Securitization facilities 

senior notes due 

senior notes due 

Total 

(1) million and million in assets of consolidated VIEs as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 , respectively. 

 (2) 

Cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash bear interest at market rates and have maturities of less than . The carrying amount of restricted cash and cash equivalents approximates fair value. The Company measures the fair value of its investment in unconsolidated investee using Level 3 inputs. Because the unconsolidated investee is a private company and financial information is limited, the Company estimates the fair value based on the best available information at the measurement date. The Company measures the fair value of its revolving line of credit using Level 3 inputs. The Company considered the fair value of its other long-term debt and the timing of expected payment(s). The fair values of the Company s securitization facilities and senior notes are estimated based on quoted prices in markets that are not active, which are deemed Level 2 inputs. 

100 
 
 ENOVA INTERNATIONAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 
 million in aggregate principal notes (the 2023-A Notes ), with an anticipated closing date of on or about March 3, 2023 (the 2023-A Closing Date ). The 2023-A Notes will be sold at a discount of the principal amount to yield to expected maturity (equivalent to spread above interpolated U.S. Treasuries) and will be backed by a pool of Securitization Receivables. The 2023-A Notes will represent obligations of the Issuer only and will not be guaranteed by the Company. Under the 2023-A Notes, approximately million of Securitization Receivables will be sold to a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company and serviced by another subsidiary of the Company. The net proceeds of the offering of the 2023-A Notes on the 2023-A Closing Date will be used to acquire the Securitization Receivables from certain subsidiaries of the Company, fund a reserve account and pay fees and expenses incurred in connection with the transaction. The 2023-A Notes will be offered only to qualified institutional buyers pursuant to Rule 144A under the Securities Act and to certain persons outside of the United States in compliance with Regulation S under the Securities Act. The 2023-A Notes will not be registered under the Securities Act, or the securities laws of any state or other jurisdiction, and may not be offered or sold in the United States without registration or an applicable exemption from the Securities Act and applicable state securities or blue sky laws and foreign securities laws. 

 101 

I TEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 None 

I TEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 Under the supervision and with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, our management has evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934) as of December 31, 2022 (the Evaluation Date ). Based upon that evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that, as of the Evaluation Date, our disclosure controls and procedures are effective and provide reasonable assurance (i) that information required to be disclosed in reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC rules and forms; and (ii) that information required to be disclosed in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures. 
 Limitations on the Effectiveness of Controls 
 Our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, does not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures or internal control over financial reporting will prevent or detect all possible misstatements due to error and fraud. Our disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting are, however, designed to provide reasonable assurance of achieving their objectives. 
 Report of Management on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act. Our internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of the financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 We conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on the framework in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on our evaluation under the framework in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013), management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022. 
 The effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 has been audited by Deloitte Touche LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report which appears in this Form 10-K. 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) during the quarter ended December 31, 2022 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

I TEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 
 None 

ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 Not applicable. 
 102 

P ART III 

I TEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 The Company plans to file with the SEC a definitive proxy statement, pursuant to SEC Regulation 14A in connection with its 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, or the Proxy Statement, within 120 days after December 31, 2022. Information required by this Item 10 relating to our directors and nominees is included under the captions Proposal 1: Proposal to Elect Directors Directors to be Elected by our Stockholders and Stockholder Proposals and Communications with our Board Director Nominations of our Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 The information required by this Item 10 regarding our Audit Committee is included under the caption Structure and Functioning of the Board Board Committees Audit Committee and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 Information concerning executive officers is contained in this report under Item 1. Business Operations Management and Personnel Executive Officers. 
 Information required by this Item 10 regarding compliance with Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act of 1934 is included under the caption Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance in our Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 The Company has adopted a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics that applies to all of its directors, officers (including all of its executive officers) and employees. This Code of Business Conduct and Ethics is publicly available on the Company s website at www.enova.com in the Investor Relations section under Corporate Governance Code of Conduct. Amendments to the Code of Business Conduct and Ethics and any grant of a waiver from a provision of the Code of Business Conduct and Ethics requiring disclosure under applicable SEC rules will be disclosed on the Company s website. 

I TEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 Information contained under the caption Executive Compensation , Director Compensation , Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation and Executive Compensation Management Development and Compensation Committee Report in the Proxy Statement is incorporated into this report by reference in response to this Item 11. 

I TEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 Information contained under the caption Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management in the Proxy Statement is incorporated into this report by reference in response to this Item 12. 
 Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans 
 The table below sets forth information, as of December 31, 2022, with respect to shares of common stock of the Company that may be issued under the Company s existing equity compensation plans. 

Plan Category 
 
 Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants and rights 

Weighted average exercise price of outstanding options, warrants and rights 

Number of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans (excluding securities reflected in column (a)) 

(a) 

(b) 

(c) 

Equity compensation plans approved by security holders 

3,743,266 

14.01 

3,315,663 

Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders 

Total 

3,743,266 

14.01 

3,315,663 

I TEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 Information contained under the captions Certain Relationships and Related Transactions , Structure and Functioning of the Board Board Committees and Structure and Functioning of the Board Director Independence in the Proxy Statement is incorporated into this report by reference in response to this Item 13. 
 103 

I TEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 
 Information contained under the caption Audit and Non-Audit Fees in the Proxy Statement is incorporated into this report by reference in response to this Item 14. 
 
 104 

P ART IV 

I TEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 The following consolidated financial statements are filed in Item 8 of Part II of this report: 

Financial Statements: 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (Deloitte Touche LLP; PCAOB ID No. 34) (PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP; PCAOB ID No. 238) 

62 

Consolidated Balance Sheets December 31, 2022 and 2021 

65 

Consolidated Statements of Income Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

67 

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

68 

Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

69 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

70 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

71 

Exhibit No. 
 
 Exhibit Description 
 
 Form 
 
 File No. 
 
 Exhibit 
 
 Filing Date 
 
 Filed Herewith 

2.1 
 
 Separation and Distribution Agreement between Cash America International, Inc. and Enova International, Inc. 
 
 8-K 
 
 001-35503 
 
 2.1 
 
 11/19/2014 

2.2 
 
 Agreement and Plan of Merger dated as of July 28, 2020, among Enova International, Inc., Energy Merger Sub, Inc. and On Deck Capital, Inc. 
 
 8-K 
 
 001-35503 
 
 2.1 
 
 12/28/2020 

3.1 
 
 Enova International, Inc. Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation 
 
 8-K 
 
 001-35503 
 
 3.2 
 
 11/17/2017 

3.2 
 
 Enova International, Inc. Amended and Restated Bylaws 
 
 8-K 
 
 001-35503 
 
 3.1 
 
 11/17/2017 

4.1 
 
 Specimen common stock certificate 
 
 10-12B 
 
 001-35503 
 
 4.1 
 
 10/2/2014 

4.2 
 
 Description of the Registrant s Securities 
 
 10-K 
 
 001-35503 
 
 4.2 
 
 2/27/2020 

4.3 
 
 Indenture, dated as of September 1, 2017, by and among Enova International, Inc., each of the guarantors party thereto and Computershare Trust Company, N.A., as trustee and the Form of 8.500 Senior Note due 2024 (included as Exhibit A). 
 
 8-K 
 
 001-35503 
 
 4.1 
 
 9/8/2017 

4.4 
 
 Indenture, dated as of September 19, 2018, by and among Enova International, Inc., each of the guarantors party thereto and Computershare Trust Company, N.A., as trustee and the Form of 8.500 Senior Note due 2025 
 
 10-Q 
 
 001-35503 
 
 4.1 
 
 10/31/2018 

4.5 
 
 Base Indenture, dated as of May 5, 2021, by and among OnDeck Asset Securitization Trust III LLC as Issuer and Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, as Indenture Trustee of Asset Backed Notes (Issuable in Series of Notes) 
 
 10-Q 
 
 001-35503 
 
 4.1 
 
 8/2/2021 

105 

4.6 
 
 Series 2021-1 Indenture Supplement dated as of May 5, 2021 to Base Indenture dated as of May 5, 2021, by and among OnDeck Asset Securitization Trust III LLC as Issuer and Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, as Indenture Trustee of up to 500,000,000 of Asset Backed Notes 
 
 10-Q 
 
 001-35503 
 
 4.2 
 
 8/2/2021 

10.1 
 
 Tax Matters Agreement between Cash America International, Inc. and Enova International, Inc. 
 
 8-K 
 
 001-35503 
 
 10.1 
 
 11/19/2014 

10.2 
 
 Enova International, Inc. 2014 Long-Term Incentive Plan 
 
 10-Q 
 
 001-35503 
 
 10.1 
 
 11/14/2014 

10.3 
 
 Enova International, Inc. First Amended and Restated 2014 Long-Term Incentive Plan 
 
 DEF 14A 
 
 001-35503 
 
 Appendix A 
 
 4/7/2016 

10.4 
 
 Enova International, Inc. Senior Executive Bonus Plan 
 
 DEF 14A 
 
 001-35503 
 
 Appendix B 
 
 4/7/2016 

10.5 
 
 Enova International, Inc. Amended and Restated Senior Executive Bonus Plan 
 
 10-Q 
 
 001-35503 
 
 10.1 
 
 7/31/2019 

10.6 
 
 Enova International, Inc. Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan, as amended and restated effective September 13, 2017 
 
 10-Q 
 
 001-35503 
 
 10.1 
 
 11/1/2017 

10.7 
 
 Enova International, Inc. Nonqualified Savings Plan 
 
 10-12B 
 
 001-35503 
 
 10.6 
 
 7/31/2014 

10.8 
 
 Form of Enova International, Inc. Severance Pay Plan for Executives 
 
 10-12B 
 
 001-35503 
 
 10.12 
 
 10/2/2014 

10.9 
 
 Form of Enova International, Inc. Senior Executive Bonus Plan 
 
 10-12B 
 
 001-35503 
 
 10.13 
 
 10/2/2014 

10.10 
 
 Summary of 2014 Terms and Conditions of the Enova International, Inc. Short-Term Incentive Plan 
 
 10-12B 
 
 001-35503 
 
 10.14 
 
 10/2/2014 

10.11 
 
 Enova International, Inc. Amended and Restated Annual Short Term Incentive Plan 
 
 10-Q 
 
 001-35503 
 
 10.2 
 
 7/31/2019 

10.12 
 
 Form of Executive Change-in-Control Severance and Restrictive Covenant Agreement (Chief Executive Officer) 
 
 10-K 
 
 001-35503 
 
 10.12 
 
 2/28/2022 

10.13 
 
 Form of Executive Change-in-Control Severance and Restrictive Covenant Agreement (Executive Officers other than the CEO) 
 
 10-K 
 
 001-35503 
 
 10.13 
 
 2/28/2022 

10.14 
 
 Form of Enova International, Inc. 2014 Long-Term Incentive Plan Award Agreement for Special Grant of Restricted Stock Units for Directors 
 
 10-12B 
 
 001-35503 
 
 10.17 
 
 10/17/2014 

10.15 
 
 Form of Enova International, Inc. 2014 Long-Term Incentive Plan Award Agreement for Grant of Restricted Stock Units (for Officers) 
 
 10-12B 
 
 001-35503 
 
 10.18 
 
 10/17/2014 

106 

10.16 
 
 Form of Enova International, Inc. 2014 Long-Term Incentive Plan Award Agreement for Special Grant of Nonqualified Stock Option with a Limited Stock Appreciation Right (for Officers) 
 
 10-12B 
 
 001-35503 
 
 10.19 
 
 10/17/2014 

10.17 
 
 Form of Enova International, Inc. 2014 Long-Term Incentive Plan Award Agreement for Grant of Restricted Stock Units 
 
 10-Q 
 
 001-35503 
 
 10.2 
 
 8/11/2015 

10.18 
 
 Form of Enova International, Inc. First Amended and Restated 2014 Long-Term Incentive Plan Award Agreement for Grant of Restricted Stock Units 
 
 10-Q 
 
 001-35503 
 
 10.2 
 
 8/4/2016 

10.19 
 
 Form of Enova International, Inc. 2014 Long-Term Incentive Plan Award Agreement for Special Grant of Nonqualified Stock Option with a Limited Stock Appreciation Right 
 
 10-Q 
 
 001-35503 
 
 10.3 
 
 8/11/2015 

10.20 
 
 Form of Enova International, Inc. Second Amended and Restated 2014 Long-Term Incentive Plan Award Agreement for Grant of Restricted Stock Units 
 
 10-Q 
 
 001-35503 
 
 10.1 
 
 7/29/2020 

10.21 
 
 Form of Enova International, Inc. Second Amended and Restated 2014 Long-Term Incentive Plan Award Agreement for Special Grant of Nonqualified Stock Option with a Limited Stock Appreciation Right 
 
 10-Q 
 
 001-35503 
 
 10.2 
 
 7/29/2020 

10.22 
 
 Offer letter dated May 19, 2016 between Enova Financial Holdings, LLC and Steven Cunningham 
 
 10-Q 
 
 001-35503 
 
 10.1 
 
 8/4/2016 

10.23 
 
 Director Appointment Agreement, dated March 30, 2016, by and among the Company, SAF Capital Management LLC and certain of its affiliates 
 
 8-K 
 
 001-35503 
 
 10.1 
 
 3/31/2016 

10.24 
 
 Lease Agreement, dated July 25, 2014, between 175 Jackson L.L.C. and Enova International, Inc. 
 
 10-12B 
 
 001-35503 
 
 10.11 
 
 10/22/2014 

10.25 
 
 Second Amendment to Lease Agreement, dated September 13, 2017, between 175 Jackson L.L.C. and Enova International, Inc. 
 
 10-Q 
 
 001-35503 
 
 10.2 
 
 11/1/2017 

10.26 
 
 Credit Agreement among Enova International, Inc., as a Borrower and the Parent, certain restricted subsidiaries of the Parent from time to time party hereto, as Borrowers, certain restricted subsidiaries of the Parent from time to time party hereto, as Guarantors, the lenders party hereto, and TBK Bank, SSB, as Administrative Agent and Collateral Agent Dated as of June 30, 2017 (3) 
 
 10-Q 
 
 001-35503 
 
 10.1 
 
 8/2/2017 

10.27 
 
 First Amendment to Credit Agreement among Enova International, Inc., as a Borrower and the Parent, certain restricted subsidiaries of the Parent from time to time party hereto, as Borrowers, certain restricted subsidiaries of the 
 
 10-Q 
 
 001-35503 
 
 10.1 
 
 8/01/2018 

107 

Parent from time to time party hereto, as Guarantors, the lenders party hereto, and TBK Bank, SSB, as Administrative Agent and Collateral Agent dated as of April 13, 2018 

10.28 
 
 Second Amendment to Credit Agreement among Enova International, Inc., as a Borrower and the Parent, certain restricted subsidiaries of the Parent from time to time party hereto, as Borrowers, certain restricted subsidiaries of the Parent from time to time party hereto, as Guarantors, the lenders party hereto, and TBK Bank, SSB, as Administrative Agent and Collateral Agent dated as of October 5, 2018 
 
 10-K 
 
 001-35503 
 
 10.27 
 
 2/27/2019 

10.29 
 
 Loan and Security Agreement, dated July 23, 2018, by and between Pacific Western Bank and EFR 2018-1, LLC 
 
 10-Q 
 
 001-35503 
 
 10.1 
 
 10/31/2018 

10.30 
 
 Receivables Purchase Agreement, dated July 23, 2018 by and between EFR 2018-1, LLC, as purchaser, and NetCredit Funding, LLC, as seller 
 
 10-Q 
 
 001-35503 
 
 10.2 
 
 10/31/2018 

10.31 
 
 Purchase Agreement by and among Enova International, Inc., the Guarantors party thereto and Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC, as Representative of the Initial Purchasers listed therein, dated September 14, 2018 
 
 10-Q 
 
 001-35503 
 
 10.3 
 
 10/31/2018 

10.32 
 
 Loan and Security Agreement, dated October 23, 2018, by and between Credit Suisse AG and EFR 2018-2, LLC 
 
 10-K 
 
 001-35503 
 
 10.34 
 
 2/27/2019 

10.33 
 
 Third Amendment to Credit Agreement among Enova International, Inc., as a Borrower and the Parent, certain restricted subsidiaries of the Parent from time to time party hereto, as Borrowers, certain restricted subsidiaries of the Parent from time to time party hereto, as Guarantors, the lenders party hereto, and TBK Bank, SSB, as Administrative Agent and Collateral Agent dated as of July 1, 2019 
 
 10-Q 
 
 001-35503 
 
 10.3 
 
 7/31/2019 

10.34 
 
 Amendment No. 5 to Fourth Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of December 24, 2020, among Receivable Assets of OnDeck, LLC, as Borrower, the Lenders party thereto and Truist Bank, as Administrative Agent (Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(b)(10) of Regulation S-K.) 
 
 10-K 
 
 001-35503 
 
 10.36 
 
 2/26/2021 

10.35 
 
 Fifth Amendment, Consent and Joinder to Credit Agreement and Amendment to Security Agreement by and among Enova International, Inc., the other borrowers and guarantors party thereto, the lenders party hereto, and TBK Bank, SSB, as Administrative Agent and Collateral Agent, dated as of May 10, 2021 
 
 10-Q 
 
 001-35503 
 
 10.1 
 
 8/2/2021 

108 

10.36 
 
 Amendment No. 6 to Fourth Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of July 16, 2021, among Receivable Assets of OnDeck, LLC, as Borrower, the Lenders party thereto and Truist Bank, as Administrative Agent 
 
 10-Q 
 
 001-35503 
 
 10.1 
 
 10/29/2021 

10.37 
 
 Amendment to Loan and Security Agreement, dated July 23, 2021, by and between Credit Suisse AG and EFR 2018 2, LLC 
 
 10-Q 
 
 001-35503 
 
 10.2 
 
 10/29/2021 

10.38 
 
 Amendment to Loan and Security Agreement, dated September 15, 2021, by and between Pacific Western Bank and EFR 2018 1, LLC 
 
 10-Q 
 
 001-35503 
 
 10.3 
 
 10/29/2021 

10.39 
 
 Credit agreement dated as of November 17, 2021 among OnDeck Receivables 2021, LLC, various lenders, and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent and Collateral Agent and Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, as Paying Agent 
 
 10.-K 
 
 001-35503 
 
 10.39 
 
 2/28/2022 

10.40 
 
 Second Amendment to Loan and Security Agreement, dated March 14, 2022, by and between Credit Suisse AG and EFR 2018-2, LLC 
 
 10-Q 
 
 001-35503 
 
 10.1 
 
 5/3/2022 

10.41 
 
 Amendment No. 7 to Fourth Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of March 18, 2022, among Receivable Assets of OnDeck, LLC, as Borrower, the Lenders party thereto and Truist Bank, as Administrative Agent 
 
 10-Q 
 
 001-35503 
 
 10.2 
 
 5/3/2022 

10.42 
 
 Second Amendment to Loan and Security Agreement, dated March 24, 2022, by and between Pacific Western Bank and EFR 2018-1, LLC 
 
 10-Q 
 
 001-35503 
 
 10.3 
 
 5/3/2022 

10.43 
 
 First Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated March 29, 2022 among OnDeck Receivables 2021, LLC, various lenders, and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent and Collateral Agent and Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, as Paying Agent 
 
 10-Q 
 
 001-35503 
 
 10.4 
 
 5/3/2022 

10.44 
 
 Amended and Restated Credit Agreement among Enova International, Inc., as a Borrower and the Parent, certain restricted subsidiaries of the Parent from time to time party hereto, as Borrowers, certain restricted subsidiaries of the Parent from time to time party hereto, as Guarantors, the Lenders party hereto, and Bank of Montreal, as Administrative Agent and Collateral Agent dated as of June 23, 2022 
 
 10-Q 
 
 001-35503 
 
 10.1 
 
 7/29/2022 

10.45 
 
 Credit Agreement dated June 30, 2022 among OnDeck Receivables 2022, LLC, various lenders, and BMO Capital Markets Corp., as Administrative Agent and Collateral Agent, and Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, as Paying Agent 
 
 10-Q 
 
 001-35503 
 
 10.2 
 
 7/29/2022 

109 

10.46 
 
 Note Issuance and Purchase Agreement among NetCredit Receivables 2022, LLC as Issuer, Citibank, N.A. as Collateral Agent and Paying Agent, Jefferies Funding LLC as Initial Note Purchaser, each of note purchasers from time to time party hereto, and Jefferies Funding LLC, as Administrative Agent dated as of October 21, 2022 

X 

10.47 
 
 Third Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated November 18, 2022, among OnDeck Receivables 2021, LLC, various lenders, and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent and Collateral Agent and Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, as Paying Agent 

X 

10.48 
 
 Amendment No. 8 to Fourth Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of November 18, 2022, among Receivable Assets of OnDeck, LLC, as Borrower, the Lenders party thereto and Truist Bank, as Administrative Agent 

X 

16.1 
 
 Letter of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP to the SEC dated May 3, 2021 
 
 10-Q 
 
 001-35503 
 
 16.1 
 
 5/3/2021 

21.1 
 
 Subsidiaries of Enova International, Inc. 

X 

23.1 
 
 Consent of Deloitte Touche LLP 

X 

23.2 
 
 Consent of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP 

X 

31.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer 

X 

31.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer 

X 

32.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

X 

32.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

X 

101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. (1) 

X (2) 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document (1) 

X (2) 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document (1) 

X (2) 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Label Linkbase Document (1) 

X (2) 

110 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document (1) 

X (2) 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document (1) 

X (2) 

104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 

X (2) 

Indicates management contract or compensatory plan, contract or arrangement. 
 
 (1) Attached as Exhibit 101 to this report are the following formatted in XBRL (Extensible Business Reporting Language): (i) Consolidated Balance Sheets at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021; (ii) Consolidated Statements of Income for the years ended December 31, 2022, December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020; (iii) Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the years ended December 31, 2022, December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020; (iv) Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity at December 31, 2022, December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020; (v) Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022, December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020; and (vi) Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

(2) Submitted electronically herewith. 

(3) Portions of this document have been omitted pursuant to a confidential treatment request approved by the SEC. 

ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 None. 
 111 

SI GNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

ENOVA INTERNATIONAL, INC. 

Date: February 24, 2023 
 
 By: 
 
 /s/ DAVID FISHER 

David Fisher 

Chief Executive Officer 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, the report has been signed by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/ DAVID FISHER 
 
 Chairman of the Board of Directors, 
 
 February 24, 2023 

David Fisher 
 
 Chief Executive Officer and Director 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/ STEVEN CUNNINGHAM 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 February 24, 2023 

Steven Cunningham 
 
 (Principal Financial Officer) 

/s/ JAMES J. LEE 
 
 Chief Accounting Officer 
 
 February 24, 2023 

James J. Lee 
 
 (Principal Accounting Officer) 

/s/ ELLEN CARNAHAN 
 
 Director 
 
 February 24, 2023 

Ellen Carnahan 

/s/ DANIEL R. FEEHAN 
 
 Director 
 
 February 24, 2023 

Daniel R. Feehan 

/s/ WILLIAM M. GOODYEAR 
 
 Director 
 
 February 24, 2023 

William M. Goodyear 

/s/ JAMES A. GRAY 
 
 Director 
 
 February 24, 2023 

James A. Gray 

/s/ GREGG A. KAPLAN 
 
 Director 
 
 February 24, 2023 

Gregg A. Kaplan 

/s/ MARK MCGOWAN 
 
 Director 
 
 February 24, 2023 

Mark McGowan 

/s/ LINDA JOHNSON RICE 
 
 Director 
 
 February 24, 2023 

Linda Johnson Rice 

/s/ MARK A. TEBBE 
 
 Director 
 
 February 24, 2023 

Mark A. Tebbe 

112 

<EX-10>
 2
 enva-ex10_46.htm
 EX-10.46

EX-10 

Exhibit 10.46 
 NOTE ISSUANCE AND PURCHASE AGREEMENT 
 among 
 NETCREDIT RECEIVABLES 2022, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, 
 as Issuer, 
 CITIBANK, N.A., 
 as Collateral Agent and Paying Agent 
 JEFFERIES FUNDING LLC, 
 as Initial Note Purchaser 

EACH OF NOTE PURCHASERS FROM TIME TO TIME PARTY HERETO, 
 and 
 JEFFERIES FUNDING LLC, as Administrative Agent 
 Dated as of October 21, 2022 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Page 

I. 
 DEFINITIONS 
 5 

1.1 
 General Terms 
 5 

II. 
 NOTES, PAYMENTS, INTEREST AND COLLATERAL 
 36 

2.1 
 The Notes 
 36 

2.2 
 Interest on the Notes. 
 40 

2.3 
 Collections; Repayment. 
 40 

2.4 
 Promise to Pay; Manner of Payment. 
 41 

2.5 
 Voluntary Prepayments 
 42 

2.6 
 Mandatory Prepayments 
 43 

2.7 
 Protective Advances 
 44 

2.8 
 Grant of Security Interest; Collateral 
 44 

2.9 
 Collateral Administration 
 45 

2.10 
 Power of Attorney 
 46 

2.11 
 Collateral Account 
 47 

III. 
 FEES AND OTHER CHARGES 
 48 

3.1 
 Computation of Fees; Lawful Limits 
 48 

3.2 
 Default Rate of Interest 
 48 

3.3 
 Increased Costs; Capital Adequacy 
 48 

3.4 
 Administrative Agent Fee 
 49 

IV. 
 CONDITIONS PRECEDENT 
 50 

4.1 
 Conditions to Closing 
 50 

4.2 
 Conditions to Note Fundings 
 52 

V. 
 REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 
 53 

5.1 
 Organization and Authority 
 54 

5.2 
 Transaction Documents 
 54 

5.3 
 Subsidiaries, Capitalization and Ownership Interests 
 55 

5.4 
 Receivables 
 55 

5.5 
 Other Agreements 
 55 

5.6 
 Litigation 
 55 

5.7 
 Financial Statements and Reports 
 56 

5.8 
 Compliance with Law 
 56 

5.9 
 Licenses and Permits 
 56 

5.10 
 No Default; Solvency 
 57 

5.11 
 Disclosure 
 57 

5.12 
 Existing Indebtedness; Investments, Guarantees and Certain Contracts 
 57 

5.13 
 Affiliated Agreements 
 57 

5.14 
 Reserved 
 57 

5.15 
 Names; Location of Offices, Records and Collateral 
 57 

1 

5.16 
 Deposit Accounts and Investment Property 
 58 

5.17 
 Non-Subordination 
 58 

5.18 
 Receivables 
 58 

5.19 
 Servicing 
 58 

5.20 
 Legal Investments; Use of Proceeds 
 58 

5.21 
 Broker s or Finder s Commissions 
 59 

5.22 
 Anti-Terrorism; OFAC 
 59 

5.23 
 Security Interest 
 59 

5.24 
 Survival 
 60 

VI. 
 AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS 
 60 

6.1 
 Financial Statements, Reports and Other Information 
 60 

6.2 
 Payment of Obligations 
 61 

6.3 
 Conduct of Business and Maintenance of Existence and Assets 
 61 

6.4 
 Compliance with Legal and Other Obligations 
 62 

6.5 
 Reserved 
 62 

6.6 
 True Books 
 62 

6.7 
 Inspection; Periodic Audits; Quarterly Review 
 62 

6.8 
 Further Assurances; Post Closing 
 63 

6.9 
 Other Liens 
 63 

6.10 
 Use of Proceeds 
 63 

6.11 
 Collateral Documents; Security Interest in Collateral 
 63 

6.12 
 Servicing Agreement; Backup Servicer 
 64 

6.13 
 Special Purpose Entity 
 65 

6.14 
 Collections 
 66 

6.15 
 Reserved 
 66 

6.16 
 Changes to Underwriting Guidelines 
 66 

6.17 
 Financial Covenants 
 67 

6.18 
 Risk Retention Covenants. 
 67 

VII. 
 NEGATIVE COVENANTS 
 68 

7.1 
 Indebtedness 
 68 

7.2 
 Liens 
 68 

7.3 
 Investments; Investment Property; New Facilities or Collateral; Subsidiaries 
 69 

7.4 
 Dividends; Redemptions; Equity 
 69 

7.5 
 Transactions with Affiliates 
 69 

7.6 
 Charter Documents; Fiscal Year; Dissolution; Use of Proceeds; Insurance Policies; Disposition of Collateral; Trade Names 
 70 

7.7 
 Transfer of Collateral; Amendment of Receivables 
 70 

7.8 
 Contingent Obligations and Risks 
 70 

7.9 
 [Reserved] 
 71 

7.10 
 Modifications of Agreements 
 71 

7.11 
 Anti-Terrorism; OFAC 
 71 

7.12 
 Deposit Accounts and Payment Instructions 
 71 

7.13 
 Servicing Agreement 
 71 

7.14 
 No Adverse Selection 
 72 

2 

VIII. 
 EVENTS OF DEFAULT 
 72 

IX. 
 RIGHTS AND REMEDIES AFTER DEFAULT 
 75 

9.1 
 Rights and Remedies 
 75 

9.2 
 Application of Proceeds 
 76 

9.3 
 Right to Appoint Receiver. 
 76 

9.4 
 Attorney-in-Fact 
 77 

9.5 
 Rights and Remedies not Exclusive 
 77 

X. 
 WAIVERS AND JUDICIAL PROCEEDINGS 
 77 

10.1 
 Waivers 
 77 

10.2 
 Delay; No Waiver of Defaults 
 77 

10.3 
 Jury Waiver 
 78 

10.4 
 Amendment and Waivers 
 78 

XI. 
 EFFECTIVE DATE AND TERMINATION 
 80 

11.1 
 Effectiveness and Termination 
 80 

11.2 
 Survival 
 80 

XII. 
 MISCELLANEOUS 
 80 

12.1 
 Governing Law; Jurisdiction; Service of Process; Venue 
 80 

12.2 
 Successors and Assigns; Assignments and Participations 
 81 

12.3 
 Application of Payments 
 85 

12.4 
 Indemnity 
 86 

12.5 
 Notice 
 87 

12.6 
 Severability; Captions; Counterparts; Facsimile Signatures 
 87 

12.7 
 Expenses 
 87 

12.8 
 Entire Agreement 
 88 

12.9 
 Approvals and Duties 
 89 

12.10 
 Publicity 
 89 

12.11 
 Release of Collateral 
 89 

12.12 
 Times of Day 
 91 

12.13 
 Rounding 
 91 

12.14 
 No Advisory or Fiduciary Responsibility 
 91 

12.15 
 Independent Effect of Covenants 
 92 

12.16 
 Right of Setoff. 
 92 

12.17 
 Confidentiality. 
 92 

12.18 
 Inconsistencies with Other Documents. 
 93 

XIII. 
 AGENT PROVISIONS; SETTLEMENT 
 93 

13.1 
 Administrative Agent and Collateral Agent. 
 93 

13.2 
 Note Purchaser Consent 
 104 

13.3 
 Set-off and Sharing of Payments 
 104 

13.4 
 Disbursement of Funds 
 105 

13.5 
 Settlements; Payments; and Information 
 105 

13.6 
 Dissemination of Information 
 107 

3 

13.7 
 Non-Funding Note Purchaser. 
 107 

13.8 
 Taxes 
 108 

13.9 
 Patriot Act 
 111 

SCHEDULES 
 Schedule A	Terms, Conditions and Disclosure Schedules 
 Schedule B	Wiring Instructions 
 Schedule C	Revolving Commitments 
 Schedule D	Approved States 
 Schedule E	State Licenses 
 Schedule F	Permitted Modifications 
 Schedule G	Issuer Competitors 
 
 EXHIBITS 
 Exhibit A	Form of Borrowing Base Certificate 
 Exhibit B	Form of Note 
 Exhibit C	Form of Monthly Collateral and Servicing Report 
 Exhibit D	Form of Request for Note Funding 
 Exhibit E	Underwriting Guidelines 
 Exhibit F	Servicing Policy 

4 

NOTE ISSUANCE AND PURCHASE AGREEMENT 
 THIS NOTE ISSUANCE AND PURCHASE AGREEMENT (the Agreement dated as of October 21, 2022, is entered into by and between NETCREDIT RECEIVABLES 2022, LLC , a Delaware limited liability company Issuer ), JEFFERIES FUNDING LLC Jefferies ), as Initial Note Purchaser (the Initial Note Purchaser ), the other Note Purchasers (the Note Purchasers from time to time party hereto, CITIBANK, N.A. Citibank ), as paying agent (in such capacity, the Paying Agent and as collateral agent for the Secured Parties (in such capacity, Collateral Agent and JEFFERIES FUNDING LLC , as administrative agent for itself and for the other Note Purchasers (in such capacity, Administrative Agent ). 
 WHEREAS , Issuer has requested that Note Purchasers provide financing to Issuer by funding the Notes, issued or to be issued by the Issuer, in an initial aggregate principal amount of up to 125,000,000, the proceeds of which shall be used by Issuer to purchase certain Eligible Receivables, to pay closing expenses and for payment of fees and expenses to the Collateral Agent, Paying Agent, Administrative Agent and Note Purchasers, and to pay for operating expenses; 
 WHEREAS , Issuer is willing to grant Collateral Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, a lien on and security interest in the Collateral to secure the Notes and other financial accommodations being granted by Note Purchasers to Issuer; and 
 WHEREAS , Note Purchasers are willing to fund the Notes upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein. 
 NOW, THEREFORE , in consideration of the foregoing and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and adequacy of which hereby are acknowledged, Issuer, Administrative Agent, Collateral Agent and Note Purchasers hereby agree as follows: 
 I.	DEFINITIONS 
 1.1	General Terms 
 (a)	For purposes of the Transaction Documents and all Annexes, Schedules and Exhibits thereto, in addition to the definitions above and elsewhere in this Agreement or the other Transaction Documents, the terms listed in this Article I shall have the meanings given such terms in this Article I . The definitions of terms herein shall apply equally to the singular and plural forms of the terms defined. Whenever the context may require, any pronoun shall include the corresponding masculine, feminine and neuter forms. The words include , includes and including shall be deemed to be followed by the phrase without limitation . The word will shall be construed to have the same meaning and effect as the word shall . The word law shall be construed as referring to all statutes, rules, regulations, codes and other laws (including official rulings and interpretations thereunder having the force of law or with which affected Persons customarily comply), and all judgments, orders and decrees, of all Governmental Authorities. Unless the context requires otherwise (i) any definition of or reference to any agreement, instrument or other document herein shall be construed as referring to such agreement, instrument or other document as from time to time amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified (subject to any restrictions on such amendments, restatements, supplements or modifications set 
 5 

forth herein), (ii) any definition of or reference to any statute, rule or regulation shall be construed as referring thereto as from time to time amended, supplemented or otherwise modified (including by succession of comparable successor laws), (iii) any reference herein to any Person shall be construed to include such Person s successors and assigns (subject to any restrictions on assignment set forth herein) and, in the case of any Governmental Authority, any other Governmental Authority that shall have succeeded to any or all functions thereof, (iv) the words herein , hereof and hereunder , and words of similar import, shall be construed to refer to this Agreement in its entirety and not to any particular provision hereof, (v) all references herein to Articles, Sections, Exhibits and Schedules shall be construed to refer to Articles and Sections of, and Exhibits and Schedules to, this Agreement and (vi) the words asset and property shall be construed to have the same meaning and effect and to refer to any and all tangible and intangible assets and properties, including cash, securities, accounts and contract rights. 
 (b)	All capitalized terms used which are not specifically defined shall have the meanings provided in Article 9 of the UCC in effect on the date hereof to the extent the same are used or defined therein. 
 (c)	Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, all terms of an accounting or financial nature shall be construed in accordance with GAAP, as in effect from time to time; provided that, if Issuer notifies Administrative Agent that Issuer requests an amendment to any provision hereof, including an Early Wind-Down Trigger Event, to eliminate the effect of any change occurring after the date hereof in GAAP or in the application thereof on the operation of such provision or Early Wind-Down Trigger Event (or if Administrative Agent notifies Issuer that Requisite Note Purchasers request an amendment to any provision hereof for such purpose), regardless of whether any such notice is given before or after such change in GAAP or in the application thereof, then such provision shall be interpreted on the basis of GAAP as in effect and applied immediately before such change shall have become effective until such notice shall have been withdrawn or such provision amended in accordance herewith. Notwithstanding any other provision contained herein, all terms of an accounting or financial nature used herein shall be construed, and all computations of amounts and ratios referred to herein shall be made (i) without giving effect to any election under Accounting Standards Codification 825-10-25 (or any other Accounting Standards Codification or Financial Accounting Standard having a similar result or effect) to value any Indebtedness or other liabilities of Issuer or any Subsidiary at fair value , as defined therein and (ii) without giving effect to any treatment of Indebtedness in respect of convertible debt instruments under Accounting Standards Codification 470-20 (or any other Accounting Standards Codification or Financial Accounting Standard having a similar result or effect) to value any such Indebtedness in a reduced or bifurcated manner as described therein, and such Indebtedness shall at all times be valued at the full stated principal amount thereof. 
 Accession Agreement shall mean the Accession Agreement to the Intercreditor Agreement, dated as of the Closing Date, by and among Enova, the Intercreditor Agent, Servicer, the Account Holder, EFR 2018-1, LLC, Pacific Western Bank, EFR 2018-2, LLC, Credit Suisse AG, New York Branch, ENVA 2018-A, LLC, ENVA 2019-A, LLC, Citibank, N.A., as indenture trustee, and the new party or parties to be joined to the Intercreditor Agreement (in connection with this Agreement, the Issuer, the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent). 
 6 

Account shall mean, individually and collectively, the Collateral Account and any bank or other depository accounts of Issuer. 
 Account Holder shall mean Holdings, together with its successors and permitted assigns, in its capacity as such under and pursuant to the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement. 
 Account Debtor shall mean any Person or Persons that are an obligor in respect of any Receivable. 
 ACH Sweep Account shall mean an account established at Veritex Community Bank bearing the account number 5501702624 in the name of Issuer, and which is subject to an ACH Sweep Account Control Agreement, and to which a Servicer shall direct all ACH payments, if applicable, under its applicable Portfolio Documents. 
 ACH Sweep Account Control Agreement shall mean the Deposit Account Control Agreement, dated as of the Closing Date, by and among Collateral Agent, on behalf of the Secured Parties, Issuer and Veritex Community Bank, as the depositary bank. 
 Additional Note Funding shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.1(a) hereof. 
 Additional Note Principal Amount shall mean an increase in the note principal amount of a Note by means of an Additional Note Funding. 
 Administrative Agent shall have the meaning assigned to it in the introductory paragraph hereof. 
 Administrative Agent Fee shall have the meaning set forth in the Administrative Agent Side Letter. 
 Administrative Agent Side Letter shall mean that certain letter agreement, dated as of the Closing Date, between the Issuer and the Administrative Agent. 
 Affiliate or affiliate means, as to any Person, any other Person who directly or indirectly controls, is under common control with, is controlled by or is a director or officer of such Person. As used in this definition, control (including its correlative meanings, controlled by and under common control with means possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of management or policies (whether through ownership of voting securities or partnership or other ownership interests, by contract or otherwise), provided that, in any event, any Person who owns directly or indirectly ten percent (10 or more of the securities having ordinary voting power for the election of the members of the board of directors or other governing body of a corporation or ten percent (10 or more of the partnership or other ownership interests of any other Person (other than as a limited partner of such other Person) will be deemed to control such corporation, partnership or other Person. 
 Aggregate Note Balance shall mean at any time, the aggregate amount of all Note Balances at such time. 
 7 

Agreement shall have the meaning assigned to it in the introductory paragraph hereof. 
 Amortization Period shall mean the period beginning on the expiration or termination of the Revolving Period and continuing through the Final Maturity Date. 
 Applicable Law shall mean any and all federal, state, local and/or applicable foreign statutes, ordinances, rules, regulations, court orders and decrees, administrative orders and decrees, and other legal requirements of any and every conceivable type applicable to the Notes, the Transaction Documents, Issuer, Enova, Originator, Servicer or the Collateral or any portion thereof, including, but not limited to, Credit Protection Laws, credit disclosure laws and regulations, the Fair Labor Standards Act, and all applicable state and federal usury laws. 
 Applicable Percentage shall mean, with respect to any Note Purchaser as to all Note Purchasers, the percentage obtained by dividing (a) the aggregate amount of the Note Fundings outstanding made by such Note Purchaser by (b) the aggregate amount of all the Note Fundings outstanding, as such percentage may be adjusted by assignments as permitted hereunder. 
 Approved State shall mean, individually and collectively, each state set forth on Schedule D , as the same may be modified from time to time as agreed to in writing by Administrative Agent in its sole discretion. 
 Availability shall mean, at any date of determination, the lesser of (a) the Borrowing Base or (b) the aggregate of the Revolving Commitments, minus , in each case, the aggregate principal balance of the outstanding Note Fundings. 
 Available Amounts shall mean, as of any date of determination, any and all Collections on deposit in the Collateral Account. 
 Backup Servicer shall mean Vervent Inc., a Delaware corporation, or such other Person as Administrative Agent engages from time to time in accordance with this Agreement, all in accordance with the terms, provisions, and conditions of Backup Servicing Agreement. 
 Backup Servicing Fee shall mean any fee payable monthly by Issuer to Backup Servicer, such fee to be as specified in the applicable Backup Servicing Agreement. 
 Backup Servicing Agreement shall mean a Backup Servicing Agreement entered into by and among Servicer, Issuer and Backup Servicer, dated on or about the Closing Date, regarding the provision of certain backup servicing services by the Backup Servicer with respect to the Receivables, as the same may be amended, modified, supplemented, restated, replaced or renewed in writing from time to time. 
 Bank Partner shall mean (i) Republic Bank Trust, (ii) TAB Bank and (iii) any other banking institutions approved by Administrative Agent in writing, in its sole discretion, to be an originator of any Bank Program Receivables. 
 Bank Partner Change of Control shall mean, with respect to a Bank Partner, any event or series of events which result in (a) a sale by such Bank Partner of all or substantially all of its assets, (b) a reorganization, consolidation, disposition or merger (or similar transaction affecting 
 8 

the capitalization, ownership or management of such Bank Partner) with or into another entity if after such transaction the holders of securities with more than 50 of the Bank Partner's voting power immediately prior to the transaction do not hold securities with more than 50 of the voting power of the successor entity) or (c) the transfer of securities with more than 50 of the Bank Partner's voting power to a Person or group. 
 Bank Program Documents shall mean each of the Bank Program Purchase and Sale Agreements, the TAB Bank Program Agreement and the Republic Bank Program Agreement. 
 Bank Program Purchase and Sale Agreement shall mean (i) the Republic Bank Purchase and Sale Agreement, (ii) the TAB Bank Participation Agreement and (iii) each other purchase and sale agreement, in form and substance reasonable satisfactory to Administrative Agent, pursuant to which NetCredit Finance, LLC or any of its Affiliates purchases Receivables from a Bank Partner, in each case, as amended, restated or otherwise modified from time to time in accordance with the Transaction Documents. 
 Bank Program Receivable shall mean a Receivable originated by a Bank Partner and sold to NetCredit Finance, LLC pursuant to a Bank Program Purchase and Sale Agreement and then further sold to Holdings pursuant to a Transfer Agreement. 
 Bank Program Receivable Eligibility Trigger Event shall mean, as of any date of determination, the occurrence of a material change being made to the Bank Program Documents, unless such change has been consented to by the Administrative Agent. 
 Bankruptcy Code shall mean Title 11 of the United States Code, 11 U.S.C. 101 et. seq., as amended from time to time. 
 Blocked Account Control Agreement shall mean any of (a) the Blocked Account Control Agreement, dated as of December 14, 2016 (as amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time), by and among the Intercreditor Agent, the Account Holder and Veritex Community Bank (f/k/a Green Bank N.A.), as the depositary bank, or (b) any blocked account control agreement, by and among the Intercreditor Agent, the relevant account holder and the depositary bank where the related account is held, which is in form and substance reasonably acceptable to Administrative Agent. 
 Borrowing Base shall mean, at any time, (i) an amount equal to the product of the Funding Rate multiplied by the sum of the aggregate Receivable Balances due under or in respect of all Eligible Receivables pledged to Collateral Agent as Collateral hereunder or pursuant to any other Transaction Document, plus (ii) the aggregate amount of Excess Collections on deposit in the Collateral Account, minus (iii) the Excess Concentration Amounts. 
 Borrowing Base Certificate shall mean a Borrowing Base Certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit A hereto. 
 Business Day shall mean any day that is not a Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial banks in Illinois or New York City are authorized or required by law to remain closed; provided, that if the applicable Business Day relates to the determination of the Term SOFR Rate, days on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association recommends that the 
 9 

fixed income departments of its members be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in United States government securities, shall not constitute Business Days; provided that, when used in the context of a Payment Date, Business Day means any day other than a (i) a Saturday or Sunday or (ii) a day on which the Federal Reserve Bank of New York is closed. 
 Cash Equivalents shall mean (a) securities issued, or directly and fully guaranteed or insured, by the United States or any agency or instrumentality thereof provided , that the full faith and credit of the United States is pledged in support thereof) having maturities of not more than six (6) months from the date of acquisition, (b) U.S. dollar denominated time deposits, certificates of deposit and bankers acceptances of (i) any domestic commercial bank of recognized standing having capital and surplus in excess of 500,000,000, or (ii) any bank (or the parent company of such bank) whose short-term commercial paper rating from Standard Poor s Ratings Services S P is at least A 2 or the equivalent thereof or from Moody s Investors Service, Inc. Moody s is at least P 2 or the equivalent thereof in each case with maturities of not more than six months from the date of acquisition (any bank meeting the qualifications specified in clauses (b)(i) or (ii), an Approved Bank ), (c) repurchase obligations with a term of not more than seven days for underlying securities of the types described in clause (a), above, entered into with any Approved Bank, (d) commercial paper issued by any Approved Bank or by the parent company of any Approved Bank and commercial paper issued by, or guaranteed by, any industrial or financial company with a short-term commercial paper rating of at least A 2 or the equivalent thereof by S P or at least P 2 or the equivalent thereof by Moody s, or guaranteed by any industrial company with a long term unsecured debt rating of at least A or A2, or the equivalent of each thereof, from S P or Moody s, as the case may be, and in each case maturing within six months after the date of acquisition and (e) investments in money market funds substantially all of whose assets are comprised of securities of the type described in clauses (a) through (d) above. 
 Change in Law means the occurrence, after the date of this Agreement (or with respect to any Note Purchaser, if later, the date on which such Note Purchaser becomes a Note Purchaser), of any of the following: (a) the adoption or taking effect of any law, rule, regulation or treaty, (b) any change in any law, rule, regulation or treaty or in the administration, interpretation or application thereof by any Governmental Authority, or (c) the making or issuance of any request, rules, guideline, requirement or directive (whether or not having the force of law) by any Governmental Authority; provided however , that notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, (i) the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and all requests, rules, guidelines, requirements and directives thereunder, issued in connection therewith or in implementation thereof, and (ii) all requests, rules, guidelines, requirements and directives promulgated by the Bank for International Settlements, the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (or any successor or similar authority) or the United States or foreign regulatory authorities, in each case pursuant to Basel III, shall in each case be deemed to be a Change in Law regardless of the date enacted, adopted, issued or implemented. 
 Change of Control shall mean with respect to Issuer, the occurrence of any of the following: 
 (a)	Enova, at any time for any reason ceases to directly or indirectly own 100 of the issued and outstanding Equity Interests of Issuer, Holdings, Servicer, any Subsidiary that is an Originator or any Subsidiary that is a purchaser of Bank Program Receivables (as the same may 
 10 

be adjusted for any combination, recapitalization or reclassification into a greater or smaller number of shares or units), free and clear of all Liens, rights, options, warrants or other similar agreements or understandings; or 
 (b)	an event or series of events by which any one person or group (as such terms are used in Sections 13(d) and 14(d) of the Exchange Act, but excluding any employee benefit plan of Enova or its Subsidiaries, and any person or entity acting in its capacity as trustee, agent or other fiduciary or administrator of any such plan), becomes the beneficial owner (as defined in Rules 13d-3 and 13d-5 under the Exchange Act), directly or indirectly, of 50 or more of the equity securities of Enova entitled to vote for members of the board of directors or equivalent governing body of Enova on a fully-diluted basis. 
 Charter and Good Standing Documents shall mean, for the applicable Person, (a) a copy of the certificate of incorporation, certificate of formation, statutory certificate of trust or other applicable charter document certified as of a date not more than thirty (30) days before the Closing Date or such other specified date by the applicable Governmental Authority of the jurisdiction of incorporation of such Person, (b) a copy of the bylaws, operating agreement, trust agreement or other applicable organizational document certified as of the Closing Date or such other specified date by an authorized officer or member of such Person, (c) an original certificate of good standing or existence, as applicable, as of a date not more than thirty (30) days before the Closing Date or such other specified date issued by the applicable Governmental Authority of the jurisdiction of incorporation of such Person and of every other jurisdiction in which such Person is otherwise required to be in good standing, and (d) copies of the resolutions of the Board of Directors (or other applicable governing body or trustee) and, if required, stockholders or other equity owners authorizing the execution, delivery and performance of the Transaction Documents to which such Person, as applicable, is a party, certified by an authorized officer or member of such Person as of the Closing Date or such other specified date. 
 Claims shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 12.4 . 
 Closing shall mean the satisfaction, or written waiver by Administrative Agent and Note Purchasers, of all of the conditions precedent set forth in this Agreement required to be satisfied prior to the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby. 
 Closing Date shall mean the date of this Agreement. 
 Code shall mean the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and all rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. 
 Collateral shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.8 of this Agreement. 
 Collateral Account shall mean that certain account at Collateral Account Bank, held in the name of Issuer, with account number 13423800, or such other replacement account acceptable to Administrative Agent in its sole discretion. The Collateral Account shall be a non-interest bearing account, and the funds in the Collateral Account shall remain uninvested. 
 Collateral Account Bank shall mean Citibank, N.A. 
 11 

Collateral Agent shall have the meaning assigned to it in the introductory paragraph hereof. 
 Collateral Agent Fee shall mean 3,750 per calendar month, payable to Citibank, N.A. in its capacity as Collateral Agent, Paying Agent and Collateral Account Bank. 
 Collection Receipt Accounts shall mean the accounts (1) bearing account number 5501156086, held by the Account Holder on behalf of the Servicer at Veritex Community Bank, and (2) any other account (other than the Wells Fargo Account) designated by Servicer in a notice to Administrative Agent and Collateral Agent as an account into which Collections may be deposited, each of which shall (prior to, and as a condition precedent to, any amounts being deposited therein) be subject to a Blocked Account Control Agreement and the Intercreditor Agreement, and for which the Account Debtor may (once such account is subject to a Blocked Account Control Agreement and the Intercreditor Agreement) remit all payments under its applicable Receivable other than ACH payments, which shall be remitted to the Collateral Account. 
 Collections shall mean, individually and collectively, as it relates to any and all Receivables, (a) all Scheduled Payments, interest, principal, prepayments (both voluntary and mandatory), fees or late charges collected from or on behalf of the Account Debtors on the Receivables, (b) all amounts received pursuant to a Permitted Securitization related to Collateral released in connection therewith, (c) all liquidation proceeds collected from the sale or disposition of any Receivable and/or any property related thereto, whether to a third party purchaser or an Affiliate of Issuer and (d) any and all proceeds of Collateral and/or other amounts received of any and every description payable to Issuer by or on behalf of such Account Debtor pursuant to the applicable Receivable, the related Portfolio Documents, or any other related documents or instruments, including, but not limited to, judgment awards or settlements, and refinancing proceeds. 
 Connection Income Taxes means Other Connection Taxes that are imposed on or measured by net income (however denominated) or that are franchise Taxes or branch profits Taxes. 
 Contingent Obligations shall mean, as to any Person, any obligation of such Person guaranteeing any Indebtedness, leases, dividends or other obligations primary obligations of any other Person (the primary obligor in any manner, whether directly or indirectly, including, without limitation, any obligation of such Person, (a) to purchase any such primary obligation or any property constituting direct or indirect security therefor, (b) to advance or supply funds (i) for the purchase or payment of any such primary obligation or (ii) to maintain working capital or equity capital of the primary obligor or otherwise to maintain the net worth or solvency of the primary obligor, (c) to purchase property, securities or services primarily for the purpose of assuring the owner of any such primary obligation of the ability of the primary obligor to make payment of such primary obligation, or (d) otherwise to assure or to hold harmless the owner of such primary obligation against loss in respect thereof, provided , however , that the term Contingent Obligation shall not include endorsements of instruments for deposit or collection in the ordinary course of business. The amount of any Contingent Obligation shall be deemed to be an amount equal to the stated or determinable amount of the primary obligation in respect of which 
 12 

such Contingent Obligation is made or, if not stated or determinable, the maximum reasonably anticipated liability in respect thereof (assuming such Person is required to perform thereunder) as determined by such Person in good faith. 
 Contract Right shall mean any right of Issuer to payment under a contract for the sale or lease of goods or the rendering of services, which right is at the time not yet earned by performance. 
 Credit Protection Laws means all federal, state and local laws in respect of the business of extending credit to borrowers, including the Truth in Lending Act (and Regulation Z promulgated thereunder), Equal Credit Opportunity Act, Fair Credit Reporting Act, Fair Debt Collection Practices Act, GLBA, Financial Institutions Reform, Recovery and Enforcement Act of 1989, as amended, anti-discrimination and fair lending laws, laws relating to servicing procedures or maximum charges and rates of interest, and other similar laws, each to the extent applicable, and all applicable regulations in respect of any of the foregoing. 
 Debtor Relief Law shall mean, collectively, the Bankruptcy Code and all other United States or foreign applicable liquidation, conservatorship, bankruptcy, moratorium, rearrangement, receivership, insolvency, reorganization or similar debtor relief laws from time to time in effect affecting the rights of creditors generally, as amended from time to time. 
 Default shall mean any event, fact, circumstance or condition that, with the giving of applicable notice or passage of time, if any, or both, would constitute or be or result in an Event of Default. 
 Default Rate shall have the meaning assigned to it in Section 3.2 hereof. 
 Defaulted Receivable shall mean a Receivable that (i) has been specifically and separately reserved against by any Originator, Servicer, Issuer or the applicable owner thereof or deemed charged-off or non-collectible by any such Person in accordance with the Servicing Policy, (ii) at any point is sixty-five (65) days or more past due, or (iii) unless otherwise approved by Administrative Agent in writing in its sole discretion, for which Servicer or Issuer or any Affiliate of Servicer or Issuer shall have been notified that the related Account Debtor shall have engaged in fraud in connection with such Receivable, become deceased or become the subject of a proceeding under a Debtor Relief Law. 
 Delinquent Receivable shall mean any Receivable which is one (1) to sixty-four (64) days past due and is not a Defaulted Receivable; provided that any Receivable that is subject to a Permitted Modification, as described in clause (iv) of such definition, shall not be a Delinquent Receivable until such Receivable becomes past due following its updated Scheduled Payment Date and at such time the days past due shall be calculated as of the corresponding original Scheduled Payment Date. However, if a Payment Deferral is effected for an otherwise Delinquent Receivable, the Payment Deferral shall not cure or stay the loan delinquency status upon the Payment Deferral being effected. 
 Dollars and shall mean lawful money of the United States of America. 
 Due Date Adjustment shall mean, with respect to a Receivable and a related Account Debtor, the reset of a Scheduled Payment Date, so long as the reset Scheduled Payment Date is 
 13 

after the corresponding original Scheduled Payment Date and not later than the next Scheduled Payment Date specified in the related Portfolio Documents; provided that if such Receivable is subject to a Payment Deferral, such Receivable shall not be considered to be subject to a Due Date Adjustment. 
 
 Due Period shall mean, with respect to each Payment Date, the immediately preceding calendar month. 
 Early Wind-Down Trigger Event shall mean the occurrence and continuance of any one of the following: 
 
 (a) if, as of the end of any calendar month beginning in February 2023, the three-month weighted average Monthly Net Default Ratio for the most recently completed three (3) calendar month period (including such calendar month) is greater than four percent (4.0 ); 
 (b) if, as of the end of any calendar month beginning in February 2023, the three-month weighted average Monthly Delinquency Ratio for the most recently completed three (3) calendar month period (including such calendar month) is greater than thirteen percent (13.0 ); 
 (c) if, as of the end of any calendar month beginning in February 2023, the three-month weighted average Monthly Annualized Yield for the most recently completed three (3) calendar month period (including such calendar month) is less than fifty percent (50.0 ); 
 (d)	if, as of the end of any calendar month beginning in February 2023, the three-month weighted average Excess Spread Percentage for the most recently completed three (3) calendar month period (including such calendar month) is less than twelve and one-half percent (12.5 ); 
 (e) if as of the end of any calendar month, to the extent a Permitted Securitization has not occurred during such calendar month for which Administrative Agent or an Affiliate of Administrative Agent is the lead manager or lead placement agent to the issuer of such Permitted Securitization, Issuer fails to maintain a Tangible Net Worth greater than or equal to 5,000,000; or 
 (f) the occurrence of any default , event of default , amortization event or similar event resulting from the failure to make any payment when due or failure to meet any collateral or performance trigger or covenant under any loan agreement, credit agreement or similar financing agreement evidencing any material Indebtedness under which Enova or any of its direct or indirect Subsidiaries is a borrower or secured guarantor which permits the holder of such material Indebtedness to cease funding or making advances under such agreement, or accelerate payments or collections thereunder, in each case other than any warehouse or credit facilities or securitization facilities which are both (x) non-recourse to Enova and its direct or indirect Operating Subsidiaries, and (y) not secured by any NetCredit product offered by Enova or its direct or indirect Subsidiaries. 
 14 

E-Fax means any system used to receive or transmit faxes electronically. 
 Electronic Transmission means each document, instruction, authorization, file, information and any other communication transmitted, posted or otherwise made or communicated by electronic mail e-mail or E-Fax, or otherwise to or from an electronic system or other equivalent service. 
 Eligible Delinquent Receivable shall mean any Delinquent Receivable which is (a) one (1) to fifteen (15) days past due and (b) is otherwise an Eligible Receivable. 
 Eligible LMP Refinancing Receivable shall mean an Eligible Refinancing Receivable as to which (i) the principal balance on the date such Eligible Refinancing Receivable was originated is the same as the Receivable Balance plus its capitalized accrued interest on such date of the applicable refinanced Receivable and (ii) the final scheduled maturity date is later than the final scheduled maturity date of the applicable refinanced Receivable. 
 Eligible LMR Refinancing Receivable shall mean any Receivable related to a Refinancing that has had its original interest rate lowered for any reason, other than as a result of the requirements of the Servicemembers Civil Relief Act of 2003. 
 Eligible Receivable shall mean a Receivable that meets all of the following requirements: 
 (a)	payments under such Receivable are due in Dollars and the Portfolio Documents do not permit the currency in which such Receivable is payable to be changed, and all previous payments have been made by the related Account Debtor and not by Originator, Servicer, Issuer or any Affiliate thereof; 
 (b)	the Account Debtor with respect to such Receivable (a) shall (i) have personal recourse for all amounts owed with respect to such Receivable, (ii) be a natural person that is at least eighteen years of age and not be a Governmental Authority and (ii) have a United States social security or taxpayer identification number, (b) is not an officer, director, manager or employee of Holdings, the Servicer or any of their Subsidiaries or Affiliates and (c) is not a foreign person within the meaning of Sections 1445 and 7701 of the Code (i.e. no Account Debtor is a non-resident alien, foreign corporation, foreign partnership, foreign trust or foreign estate, as those terms are defined in the Code and regulations promulgated thereunder); provided however , United States military employees and personnel living, working or deployed outside of the United States shall not be excluded or deemed a foreign person described above; 
 (c)	such Receivable was acquired by Holdings pursuant to the Transfer Agreement and by Issuer pursuant to the Purchase and Sale Agreement, such Receivable shall be 100 owned directly by Issuer, no other Person (other than Issuer and Collateral Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties) owns or claims any legal or beneficial interest therein or lien thereon, and such Receivable does not represent a fractional, participation or partial interest in a Receivable (for the avoidance of doubt, the nature of the TAB Bank Receivables as participation interests in a Program Loan (as defined in the TAB Bank Program Agreement) shall not cause such TAB Bank Receivables to be out of compliance with this clause (c)); 
 15 

(d)	Payments in respect of such Receivable shall be due and payable no less frequently than once per month and no more frequently than three (3) times per month, in equal installments of interest and principal (other than the final payment being less than all previous installments and one or two unequal scheduled payments) resulting in full amortization thereof on the maturity date set forth in the related Portfolio Documents (or any supplementary payment schedule); 
 (e)	such Receivable shall be a State Licensed Receivable or Bank Program Receivable; 
 (f)	such Receivable and all related Portfolio Documents shall have been duly authorized, shall be in full force and effect and shall represent a legal, or valid and binding and absolute and unconditional payment obligation of the applicable Account Debtor enforceable against such Account Debtor in accordance with its terms for the amount outstanding thereof without any right of rescission, offset, counterclaim, dispute, discount, adjustment or defense, except to the extent that enforceability may be limited by Debtor Relief Laws and general principles of equity, and is not contingent in any respect for any reason, there are no conditions precedent to the enforceability or validity of the Receivable that have not been satisfied or waived, and the Account Debtor has no bona fide claim against Issuer or Originator or any Affiliate thereof, and there are no restrictions or prohibitions on the sale, transfer, or assignment of such Receivable by the holder thereof as of any date of determination, and all statutory or other applicable cancellation or rescission periods related thereto have expired; 
 (g)	the promissory note and all other Portfolio Documents requiring the signature of an Account Debtor were executed by the applicable Account Debtor via a power of attorney with a digital or electronic signature in accordance with the Uniform Electronic Transaction Act or, as applicable to the jurisdiction governing such promissory note or Portfolio Documents, the Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act (E-Sign Act), including all consumer consent and other applicable provisions thereof; 
 (h)	all amounts and information in respect of such Receivable furnished by Issuer or Servicer to Administrative Agent shall be true and correct in all material respects as of the date such information is furnished and, to the knowledge of the Issuer, is undisputed by the Account Debtor thereon or any guarantor thereof; 
 (i)	the form of Portfolio Documents provided to Administrative Agent on or prior to the Closing Date relating to such Receivable shall be in form and content acceptable to Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion and such Portfolio Documents do not prohibit or restrict any sale, assignment, transfer or pledge thereof to any Person; 
 (j)	such Receivable represents an undisputed, bona fide transaction in the ordinary course of Originator s and Holdings business and completed in accordance with the terms and provisions contained in the related Portfolio Documents; 
 (k)	the Account Debtor with respect to such Receivable (i) is not the subject of any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law and (ii) to the actual knowledge of the Issuer, 
 16 

Holdings, the Servicer, any Originator or Enova, shall not have engaged in fraud in connection with such Receivable; 
 (l)	such Receivable shall not be a revolving line of credit; 
 (m)	such Receivable shall have been originated, serviced and administered in accordance with the Underwriting Guidelines and Servicing Policy, as applicable and shall be subject to the Servicing Agreement; 
 (n)	if such Receivable is a Bank Program Receivable, (i) such Receivable shall have been originated in accordance with the applicable Bank Program Documents, (ii) a Bank Program Receivable Eligibility Trigger Event shall not have occurred and be continuing and (iii) a Bank Partner Change of Control shall not have occurred provided that, with respect to this subclause (iii), any Bank Program Receivables pledged as Collateral prior to the occurrence of such Bank Partner Change of Control shall remain Eligible Receivables, and this limitation shall only apply to Bank Program Receivables pledged or proposed to be pledged after the occurrence of such Bank Partner Change of Control); 
 (o)	such Receivable is not a Defaulted Receivable and shall not otherwise have been deemed a charged-off or defaulted receivable by Servicer in accordance with the Servicing Policy, Servicer s standard practices and/or the Servicing Agreement at any time; 
 (p)	if the Account Debtor with respect to such Receivable is a member of the military or a covered borrower under the Military Lending Act, such Receivable shall have been originated in accordance with the Military Lending Act; 
 (q)	 no instrument of release or waiver has been executed by Issuer, Servicer or any Affiliate thereof in connection with any Portfolio Document related to such Receivable, and the Account Debtor has not been released from its obligations under such Receivable in whole or in part; 
 (r)	such Receivable shall not have been modified in any way to alter or obscure its status as an Ineligible Receivable after having been substituted with an Eligible Receivable (for the avoidance of doubt, this clause shall not include Permitted Modifications); 
 (s)	 other than Permitted Modifications, such Receivable and the related Portfolio Documents shall not have been amended, modified or waived from their original terms; 
 (t)	(i) such Receivable (and all Portfolio Documents entered into in connection therewith), the origination thereof by Originator, the purchase by Holdings from Originator (if applicable) and the acquisition thereof by the Issuer from Holdings shall comply in all material respects with all Applicable Laws, and (ii) the servicing and administration of such Receivable by Servicer shall comply in all material respects with all Applicable Laws; 
 (u)	such Receivable shall not be subject to a Regulatory Event; 
 (v)	such Receivable shall have an annual percentage rate of not less than twenty percent (20 per annum; 
 17 

(w)	such Receivable shall have an annual percentage rate of not greater one hundred percent (100 per annum or any maximum usury rate specified by any Applicable Laws; 
 (x)	the payment-to-income ratio as reported by the Account Debtor with respect to such Receivable shall not exceed seventeen and one-half percent (17.50 ); 
 (y)	no portion of any Scheduled Payment for such Receivable shall be (i) delinquent at the time such Receivable is pledged as Collateral or (ii) more than fifteen (15) days delinquent; 
 (z)	the original term to maturity of such Receivable is not less than six (6) months and does not exceed sixty (60) months, when rounded to the nearest month; 
 (aa)	the original principal balance of such Receivable does not exceed 10,000; 
 (bb)	none of Originator, Servicer, Issuer, not any Affiliate thereof shall be engaged in any adverse proceeding or other adverse litigation with the applicable Account Debtor related to such Receivable; 
 (cc)	all repurchase obligations of Holdings related to such Receivable pursuant to the Purchase and Sale Agreement have been guaranteed by Enova; 
 (dd)	such Receivable shall not be evidenced by a judgment or have been reduced to judgment; 
 (ee)	the Portfolio Documents with respect to such Receivable do not constitute electronic chattel paper (as such term is defined in the UCC) and such Receivable constitutes an account , a payment intangible or proceeds thereof and is not an instrument , electronic chattel paper or chattel paper (as each such term is defined in the UCC); 
 (ff)	the representations and warranties (i) the applicable Seller made with respect to such Receivable in the Transfer Agreement, (ii) Holdings made with respect to such Receivable in the Purchase and Sale Agreement, and (iii) the applicable Bank Partner made with respect to such Receivable in the applicable Bank Program Purchase and Sale Agreement were true and correct when made in each instance, as applicable; 
 (gg)	such Receivable is not an Ineligible Receivable; 
 (hh)	such Receivable shall have been originated exclusively for consumer purposes and not commercial purposes; 
 (ii)	such Receivable shall not be a Credit Counseling Receivable (as defined in the Servicing Policy); 
 (jj)	such Receivable was originated or purchased by Enova or its Subsidiary and constitutes a NetCredit product offered by Enova or such Subsidiary, and is not a CashNetUSA , Headway Capital or Business Backer product offered by Enova and its Subsidiaries; and 
 18 

(kk)	if resulting from a Refinancing, such Receivable is an Eligible Refinancing Receivable; 
 (ll)	as of the Origination Date with respect to such Receivable, the applicable Account Debtor has a Vantage Score equal to or greater than 500; and 
 (mm)	such Receivable shall have been originated in an Approved State. 
 Eligible Refinancing Receivable shall mean a Receivable that was (i) originated or underwritten pursuant to the Underwriting Guidelines and (ii) originated or acquired in connection with a Refinancing as to which, as of the date of such Refinancing, such refinanced Receivable s status was current with no amount past due. 
 Enova means Enova International, Inc., a Delaware corporation. 
 Equity Interests shall mean, with respect to any Person, its equity ownership interests, its common stock and any other capital stock or other equity ownership units of such Person authorized from time to time, and any other shares, options, interests, participations or other equivalents (however designated) of or in such Person, whether voting or nonvoting, including common stock, options, warrants, preferred stock, phantom stock, membership units (common or preferred), stock appreciation rights, membership unit appreciation rights, convertible notes or debentures, stock purchase rights, membership unit purchase rights and all securities convertible, exercisable or exchangeable, in whole or in part, into any one or more of the foregoing. 
 ERISA shall mean the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended, and the regulations thereunder. 
 Event of Default shall mean the occurrence of any event defined as such set forth in Article VIII . 
 Excess Collections shall mean, as of any date that is one day prior to any date of determination, an amount equal to the Available Amounts on such date, solely to the extent such Available Amounts are in excess of the amounts necessary to satisfy an amount equal to the product of (x) one and one-fifth (1.20) and (b) all estimated accrued and unpaid Interest, Servicing Fees, Collateral Agent Fees, and known expenses that will be payable on the next Payment Date pursuant to Section 2.4(a) . 
 Excess Concentration Amount shall mean, without duplication, the aggregate Receivable Balance of Eligible Receivables that cause the applicable Excess Concentration Limits to not be met. 
 Excess Concentration Limits shall mean the following limitations: 
 (a)	The weighted average original term to maturity of the Financed Portfolio shall be equal to or less than fifty-six (56) calendar months; 
 (b)	The weighted average per annum annual percentage rate of the Financed Portfolio shall be equal to or greater than fifty percent (50 ); 
 19 

(c)	The average outstanding principal balance of the Financed Portfolio shall be less than or equal to 7,500; 
 (d)	No more than five percent (5 (as determined by aggregate Receivables Balance) of the Financed Portfolio shall consist of Receivables for which the Account Debtors have a Vantage Score of less than 550; 
 (e)	No more than forty-five percent (45 (as determined by aggregate Receivables Balance) of the Financed Portfolio shall consist of Receivables for which the Account Debtors have a Vantage Score of less than 620; 
 (f)	No more than ten percent 10.0 (as determined by aggregate Receivables Balance) of the Financed Portfolio shall have been subject to a Permitted Modification; 
 (g)	No more than forty percent (40 (as determined by aggregate Receivables Balance) of the Financed Portfolio shall have a per annum annual percentage rate of greater than seventy percent (70 ); 
 (h)	No more than three percent (3 (as determined by aggregate Receivables Balance) of the Financed Portfolio shall consist of Receivables for which the Account Debtors do not have a Vantage Score; 
 (i)	No more than seventy-two and one-half percent (72.5 (as determined by aggregate Receivables Balance) of the Financed Portfolio shall have an original term greater than forty-eight (48) months; 
 (j)	No more than five percent (5 (as determined by aggregate Receivables Balance) of the Financed Portfolio shall consist of Eligible Delinquent Receivables; 
 (k)	No more than three percent (3 (as determined by aggregate Receivables Balance) of the Financed Portfolio shall consist of Eligible LMP Refinancing Receivables; 
 (l)	No more than three percent (3 (as determined by aggregate Receivables Balance) of the Financed Portfolio shall consist of Eligible LMR Refinancing Receivables; 
 (m)	The weighted average payment-to-income ratio of all related Account Debtors of Receivables in the Financed Portfolio (determined and calculated in accordance with the Underwriting Guidelines) shall be less than or equal to ten percent (10 ); 
 (n)	No more than 25.0 (as determined by aggregate Receivable Balance) of the Financed Portfolio shall consist of Receivables for which the Account Debtor resides (at the Origination Date of such Receivable) in the state having the largest concentration (as determined by aggregate Receivable Balance) of the Financed Portfolio; 
 (o)	No more than 17.5 (as determined by aggregate Receivable Balance) of the Financed Portfolio shall consist of Receivables for which the Account Debtor resides (at the Origination Date of such Receivable) in the state having the second largest concentration (as determined by aggregate Receivable Balance) of the Financed Portfolio; 
 20 

(p)	No more than 15.0 (as determined by aggregate Receivable Balance) of the Financed Portfolio shall consist of Receivables for which the Account Debtor resides (at the Origination Date of such Receivable) in any individual state (excluding those states having the largest and second largest concentration (as determined by aggregate Receivable Balance) of the Financed Portfolio); and 
 (q)	the non-zero weighted average Vantage Score of the related Account Debtors of Receivables in the Financed Portfolio shall not be less than 610. 
 Excess Spread Percentage shall mean, with respect to any calendar month, the amount, expressed as a percentage, equal to (a) the Monthly Annualized Yield for such calendar month minus (b) the sum of (i) the product of (x) the Monthly Net Default Ratio for such calendar month times (y) 12 and (ii) the Servicing Fee. 
 Exchange Act shall mean the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 
 Excluded Taxes shall mean any of the following Taxes imposed on or with respect to the Administrative Agent and any Note Purchaser (each a Recipient or required to be withheld or deducted from a payment to a Recipient, (a) Taxes imposed on or measured by net income (however denominated), franchise Taxes, and branch profits Taxes, in each case, (i) imposed as a result of such Recipient being organized under the laws of, or having its principal office or, in the case of any Note Purchaser, its applicable lending office located in, the jurisdiction imposing such Tax (or any political subdivision thereof) or (ii) that are Other Connection Taxes, (b) in the case of a Note Purchaser, U.S. Federal withholding Taxes imposed on amounts payable to or for the account of such Note Purchaser with respect to an applicable interest in a Note or Commitment pursuant to a law in effect on the date on which (i) such Note Purchaser acquires such interest in the Notes or Commitment or (ii) such Note Purchaser changes its lending office, except in each case to the extent that, pursuant to Section 13.8, amounts with respect to such Taxes were payable either to such Note Purchaser s assignor immediately before such Note Purchaser became a party hereto or to such Note Purchaser immediately before it changed its lending office, (c) Taxes attributable to such Recipient s failure to comply with Section 13.8(f) and (d) any U.S. federal withholding Taxes imposed under FATCA. 
 Fair Valuation shall mean the determination of the value of the consolidated assets of a Person on the basis of the amount which may be realized by a willing seller within a reasonable time through collection or sale of such assets at market value on a going concern basis to an interested buyer who is willing to purchase under ordinary selling conditions in an arm s length transaction. 
 FATCA means Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, as of the date of this Agreement (or any amended or successor version that is substantively comparable and not materially more onerous to comply with), any current or future regulations or official interpretations thereof, any agreement entered into pursuant to Section 1471(b)(1) of the Code 
 or any fiscal or regulatory legislation, rules or practices adopted pursuant to any intergovernmental agreement entered into in connection with the implementation of such Sections of the Code. 
 21 

Federal Funds Rate shall mean, for any day, the rate per annum equal to the weighted average of the rates on overnight federal funds transactions with members of the Federal Reserve System arranged by Federal funds brokers on such day, as published by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York on the Business Day next succeeding such day; provided that (a) if such day is not a Business Day, the Federal Funds Rate for such day shall be such rate on such transactions on the next preceding Business Day as so published on the next succeeding Business Day, and (b) if no such rate is so published on such next succeeding Business Day, the Federal Funds Rate for such day shall be the average rate (rounded upward, if necessary, to a whole multiple of 1/100 of 1 charged to Administrative Agent on such day on such transactions as determined by Administrative Agent. 
 Final Maturity Date shall mean the earliest to occur of (a) the four-year anniversary of the Closing Date, and (b) the date on which all Obligations shall have been paid in full (other than contingent indemnification obligations for which a claim has not been asserted). 
 Financed Portfolio shall mean, on any date of determination, all Eligible Receivables included within the calculation of the Borrowing Base as set forth in the most recently-delivered Borrowing Base Certificate delivered to Administrative Agent by Issuer. 
 Financial Covenant shall have the meaning assigned to it in Section 6.17(e) . 
 Funding Rate shall mean eighty percent (80 ); subject to adjustment in accordance with the terms hereof. 
 GAAP means generally accepted accounting principles in the United States set forth in the statements and pronouncements of the Financial Accounting Standards Board, that are applicable to the circumstances as of the date of determination, consistently applied. 
 GLBA shall mean, collectively, Title V Privacy of the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act, P.L. 106-102 and the standards for safeguarding customer information set forth in 12 C.F.R. Part 364 and 16 C.F.R. Part 314, all as amended, supplemented or interpreted in writing by federal Governmental Authorities. 
 Governmental Authority shall mean any federal, state, municipal, national, local or other governmental department, court, commission, board, bureau, agency or instrumentality or political subdivision thereof, including any attorney general or agency related thereto, or any entity or officer exercising executive, legislative or judicial, regulatory or administrative functions of or pertaining to any government or any court, in each case, whether of the United States or a state, territory or possession thereof, a foreign sovereign entity or country or jurisdiction or the District of Columbia. 
 Holdings shall mean CNU Online Holdings, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. 
 Indebtedness of any Person shall mean, without duplication, (a) all items which, in accordance with GAAP, would be included in determining total liabilities as shown on the liability side of the balance sheet of such Person as of the date as of which Indebtedness is to be determined, including any lease which, in accordance with GAAP would constitute Indebtedness, (b) all indebtedness secured by any mortgage, pledge, security, Lien or conditional sale or other title 
 22 

retention agreement to which any property or asset owned or held by such Person is subject, whether or not the indebtedness secured thereby shall have been assumed, (c) all indebtedness of others which such Person has directly or indirectly guaranteed, endorsed (otherwise than for collection or deposit in the ordinary course of business), discounted or sold with recourse or agreed (contingently or otherwise) to purchase or repurchase or otherwise acquire, or in respect of which such Person has agreed to supply or advance funds (whether by way of loan, Equity Interests, equity or other ownership interest purchase, capital contribution or otherwise) or otherwise to become directly or indirectly liable and (d) any Contingent Obligations. 
 Indemnified Person shall have the meaning assigned to it in Section 12.4 hereof. 
 Indemnified Taxes shall mean (a) Taxes, other than Excluded Taxes, imposed on or with respect to any payment made by or on account of any obligation of Issuer under any Transaction Document and (b) to the extent not otherwise described in clause (a), Other Taxes. 
 Ineligible Delinquent Receivable shall mean any Delinquent Receivable which is sixteen (16) to sixty-four (64) days past due. 
 Ineligible Receivable shall mean any Receivable that (a) must be repurchased by the applicable seller under the Transfer Agreement because of a breach by such seller of a related representation or warranty, (b) must be repurchased by Holdings under the Purchase and Sale Agreement because of a breach by Holdings of a related representation or warranty, (c) must be repurchased by the Bank Partner because of a breach by Bank Partner of a related representation or warranty, or (d) subsequent to such Receivable being pledged to Collateral Agent as Collateral pursuant to this Agreement, fails to meet any or all of the requirements to be an Eligible Receivable. 
 Initial Margin shall have the meaning set forth in the Administrative Agent Side Letter. 
 Initial Note Funding shall mean the first Note Funding to occur hereunder. 
 Initial Note Principal Amount shall mean, with respect to a Note, the initial principal amount of such Note purchased by the Note Purchaser on the Closing Date. 
 Initial Note Purchaser has the meaning assigned to such term in the introduction to this Agreement. 
 Intercreditor Agent shall mean Citibank, N.A., in its capacity as the Intercreditor Agent under and pursuant to the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement. 
 Intercreditor Agreement shall mean the Amended and Restated Intercreditor Agreement re Collection Receipt Accounts, dated as of October 17, 2019 (as amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time), by and among Enova, Servicer, the Account Holder, EFR 2018-1, LLC, Pacific Western Bank, EFR 2018-2, LLC, Credit Suisse AG, New York Branch, ENVA 2018-A, LLC, ENVA 2019-A, LLC, Citibank, N.A., as indenture trustee, and the Intercreditor Agent, and such other Persons as have and may become parties thereto by executing an Accession Agreement. 
 23 

Interest Period shall mean (i) with respect to the initial Interest Period, the period from the Closing Date through (but excluding) the initial Payment Date, which initial Payment Date shall be December 20, 2022 and (ii) with respect each subsequent Interest Period, the period from and including each Payment Date through (but excluding) the next Payment Date. 
 Interest Rate shall mean, subject to Section 3.2 and the Default Rate set forth therein (as applicable), a rate per annum equal to the Initial Margin plus the then-applicable Term SOFR Floor. 
 Investment Company Act means the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended. 
 Issuer shall have the meaning assigned to it in the introductory paragraph hereof. 
 Issuer Competitor shall mean (i) each Person identified on Schedule G hereto and (ii) any Person engaged in a substantially similar business as Issuer, Holdings and/or Enova. 
 Leverage Ratio shall mean, with respect to Enova and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis, as of any date of determination, the ratio of (a) the total Indebtedness minus the amounts of any obligations outstanding under any Permitted Receivables Financing to (b) the total shareholders equity, as provided on the balance sheet of Enova and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis prepared in accordance with GAAP. 
 Lien shall mean any mortgage, deed of trust, deed to secure debt, pledge, security interest, encumbrance, lien or charge of any kind (including any conditional sale or other title retention agreement or any lease in the nature thereof), or any other arrangement pursuant to which title to the property is retained by or vested in some other Person for security purposes. 
 Liquidity shall mean, as of any date of determination, an amount equal to the sum of (a) Enova s Qualified Cash on such date plus (b) unused availability under any committed Senior Indebtedness of Enova and its consolidated Subsidiaries. 
 Material Adverse Effect or Material Adverse Change shall mean any development, event, condition, obligation, liability or circumstance or set of events, conditions, obligations, liabilities or circumstances or any change(s) which has, had or reasonably could be expected to have a material adverse effect upon or change in: 
 (a)	the legality, validity or enforceability of any Transaction Document, (ii) the perfection or priority of any Lien granted to Collateral Agent or any Secured Party under any of the Security Documents, (iii) the rights and remedies of Administrative Agent or Collateral Agent under any Transaction Document or (iv) the value, validity, enforceability or collectability of the Receivables or any of the other Collateral; 
 (b)	the business, operations, properties, assets, liabilities or condition (financial or otherwise) of Enova, any Originator or Issuer; or 
 (c)	the ability of Enova or Issuer to perform any of the Obligations or its other obligations, or to consummate the transactions, under the Transaction Documents. 
 24 

Maximum Note Amount shall mean an amount equal to the lesser of (a) 125,000,000 and (b) the aggregate amount of the Revolving Commitments held by all of the Note Purchasers. 
 Monthly Annualized Yield shall mean, with respect to any calendar month, the ratio, expressed as a percentage, (i) the numerator of which is (a) all interest collections received on the Eligible Receivables during such calendar month; and the denominator of which is (b) the average Receivable Balance of all Eligible Receivables during such calendar month times (ii) 12. 
 Monthly Collateral and Servicing Report shall mean each monthly report prepared by Issuer substantially in the form of Exhibit C attached hereto, or as otherwise approved by Administrative Agent in its sole discretion. 
 Monthly Delinquency Ratio shall mean, with respect to any calendar month, the ratio, expressed as a percentage, the numerator of which is (a) the aggregate Receivable Balance of all Ineligible Delinquent Receivables at the end of such month; and the denominator of which is (b) the average Receivable Balance of all Eligible Receivables during such calendar month. 
 Monthly Net Default Ratio shall mean, with respect to any calendar month, the ratio, expressed as a percentage, the numerator of which is (a) the sum of (i) the aggregate Receivable Balance of all Receivables that became Defaulted Receivables during such month (calculated as of the date each such Receivable became a Defaulted Receivable hereunder) minus (ii) Recovery Amounts received during such calendar month; and the denominator of which is (b) the average Receivable Balance of all Eligible Receivables during such calendar month. 
 NCLS shall mean NetCredit Loan Services, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. 
 Net Income shall mean the net income (or loss) of any Person for such period taken as a single accounting period determined by reference to GAAP. 
 Non-Funding Note Purchaser shall have the meaning assigned to it in Section 13.7 . 
 Note(s) shall mean a variable funding note substantially in the form of Exhibit B . 
 Note Balance shall mean, with respect to any Note at any time, the amount equal to (a) the sum of (1) the Initial Note Principal Amount of such Note and (2) all Additional Note Principal Amounts with respect to such Note, minus (b) the aggregate amount of principal repayments on such Note. 
 Note Funding shall mean all or any (as the context requires) of the initial purchase and funding of the Notes on the Closing Date and each Additional Note Funding. 
 Note Purchasers shall have the meanings assigned to them in the introductory paragraph hereof. 
 Note Purchaser Addition Agreement shall have the meaning assigned to it in Section 12.2(a hereof. 
 Note Purchaser Register shall have the meaning assigned to it in Section 12.2(c) hereof. 
 25 

Obligations shall mean, without duplication, all present and future obligations, Indebtedness and liabilities of Issuer to Administrative Agent, Collateral Agent, Paying Agent and Note Purchasers at any time and from time to time of every kind, nature and description, direct or indirect, secured or unsecured, joint and several, absolute or contingent, due or to become due, matured or unmatured, now existing or hereafter arising, contractual or tortious, liquidated or unliquidated, under any of the Transaction Documents or otherwise relating to this Agreement, the Notes, including interest, all applicable fees, charges and expenses and/or all amounts paid or advanced by Administrative Agent, Collateral Agent, Paying Agent or a Note Purchaser on behalf of or for the benefit of Issuer for any reason at any time, and including, in each case, obligations of performance as well as obligations of payment and interest that accrue after the commencement of any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law by or against Issuer. 
 OFAC shall mean the U.S. Department of Treasury s Office of Foreign Asset Control. 
 Operating Subsidiary shall mean any Subsidiary other than a direct or indirect wholly-owned, special purpose bankruptcy remote Affiliate of Enova formed for the purpose of directly or indirectly purchasing assets in connection with a securitization transaction. 
 Origination Date shall mean the date of the closing and funding of the applicable Receivable between the Originator and the applicable Account Debtor. 
 Originator shall mean, individually and collectively, (i) with respect to any Bank Program Receivable, Bank Partner, and any other banking institution which is approved by Administrative Agent in writing, in its sole discretion, to be an originator of any Bank Program Receivables, and (ii) with respect to State Licensed Receivables, Enova and its Subsidiaries. 
 Other Connection Taxes shall mean, with respect to any Recipient, Taxes imposed as a result of a present or former connection between such Recipient and the jurisdiction imposing such Tax (other than connections arising from such Recipient having executed, delivered, become a party to, performed its obligations under, received payments under, received or perfected a security interest under, engaged in any other transaction pursuant to or enforced any Transaction Document, or sold or assigned an interest in any Note or other Transaction Document). 
 Other Note Purchaser shall have the meaning assigned to it in Section 13.7 . 
 Other Taxes shall have the meaning assigned to in Section 13.8(b) . 
 Participant shall have the meaning assigned to it in Section 12.2(b) hereof. 
 Participant Register shall have the meaning assigned to it in Section 12.2(b). 
 Patriot Act shall mean the Uniting and Strengthening America by Providing Appropriate Tools Required to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism Act of 2001, P.L. 107-56 (signed into law October 26, 2001), as amended. 
 Paying Agent shall have the meaning assigned to it in the introductory paragraph hereof. 
 26 

Payment Date shall mean the twentieth (20 th day of each calendar month, or if such day is not a Business Day, on the next succeeding Business Day, with the initial Payment Date occurring on December 20, 2022. 
 Payment Deferral shall mean, with respect to a Receivable and a related Account Debtor, the deferral of a scheduled installment payment from such Account Debtor s next Scheduled Payment Date to a new Scheduled Payment Date, which follows the Scheduled Payment Date that theretofore had been the final scheduled maturity date of such Receivable. 
 Permit shall mean collectively all licenses, leases, powers, permits, franchises, certificates, authorizations and approvals. 
 Permitted Dispositions means, so long as no Early Wind-Down Trigger Event or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing as of such date of determination, each of the following, provided that in each case, all net cash proceeds of such disposition are immediately deposited in a Collection Receipt Account: 
 (a)	a sale of Defaulted Receivables in the ordinary course of business to a third party purchaser on an arms-length basis; or 
 (b)	a sale of one or more Receivables by Issuer to any Originator from time to time in connection with a repurchase by such Originator of such Receivable(s) as a result of a breach of the representations and warranties of such Person under the Purchase and Sale Agreement. 
 Permitted Liens shall have the meaning assigned to it in Section 7.2 . 
 Permitted Modification shall mean any modification set forth on Schedule F attached hereto. 
 Permitted Receivables Financing shall mean any non-recourse Receivables financing facility or Permitted Securitization. 
 Permitted Securitization shall mean an off-balance sheet Receivables term financing facility pursuant to which Receivables are sold, transferred or contributed to a Securitization Affiliate which are then pledged to a Securitization Lender in connection with a broadly marketed and distributed issuance of asset-backed securities. 
 Person shall mean an individual, a partnership, a corporation, a limited liability company, a business trust, a joint stock company, a trust, an unincorporated association, a joint venture, a Governmental Authority or any other entity of whatever nature. 
 Portfolio Documents collectively means a promissory note, a truth-in-lending disclosure and any other agreement or document executed and delivered by an Account Debtor in connection with a Receivable to or for the benefit of Originator, Servicer, Issuer or any subsequent transferee thereof, including renewals, extensions, modifications and amendments thereof. 
 27 

Prepayment Date shall mean any date that all of the Obligations are prepaid by Issuer pursuant to Section 2.5 or Section 2.6 in connection with the termination of this Agreement. 
 Prepayment Fee shall mean a fee due and payable to Administrative Agent, for the benefit of Note Purchasers, on any Prepayment Date, in an amount equal to the applicable amount set forth below: 
 (a)	if the applicable Prepayment Date occurs during the Revolving Period, one percent (1.0 of the outstanding principal balance of the Notes on such Prepayment Date; or 
 (b)	if the applicable Prepayment Date occurs after the expiration of the Revolving Period, no Prepayment Fee shall be due and payable. 
 Pro Rata Share shall mean, with respect to all payments, computations and other matters relating to the Revolving Commitment or Note Fundings of any Note Purchaser, the percentage obtained by dividing (a) the Revolving Exposure of that Note Purchaser, by (b) the aggregate Revolving Exposure of all Note Purchasers. 
 Protective Advance shall have the meaning assigned to it Section 2.7(b) . 
 Purchase and Sale Agreement shall mean that certain Receivables Purchase Agreement, dated as of the Closing Date, by and between Holdings, as seller of Receivables from time to time and Issuer, as purchaser, as the same may be amended, modified, supplemented, restated, replaced or renewed in writing from time to time in accordance with this Agreement. 
 Purchase and Sale Agreement Guaranty shall mean that certain Guaranty, dated as of the Closing Date, made by Enova in favor of the Issuer, under which Enova guarantees the obligations of the Seller under the Purchase and Sale Agreement. 
 Qualified Cash means, as of any date of determination, the amount of unrestricted cash and Cash Equivalents of Enova that are on deposit in various accounts owned by Enova and available to be withdrawn without restriction by Enova. 
 Qualified Institutional Buyer shall mean a qualified institutional buyer as such term is defined in Rule 144A. 
 Qualified Purchaser shall mean a qualified purchaser within the meaning of Section 2(a)(51) of the Investment Company Act, and the rules and regulations thereunder. 
 Receipt shall have the meaning assigned to it in Section 12.5 . 
 Receivable or Receivables shall mean all rights to payment of indebtedness and other obligations (including unpaid principal, accrued interest, costs, fees, expenses and indemnity obligations) owing by an Account Debtor in respect of a loan or loans or other financial accommodations made or extended by an Originator to or for the benefit of such Account Debtor, or a participation interest in such rights to payment of indebtedness and obligations, as such rights to payment of indebtedness and obligations (or participation interests therein) have been originated by Enova or its Subsidiary, or sold, transferred and assigned to Enova or its Subsidiary by an 
 28 

Originator pursuant to a Bank Program Purchase and Sale Agreement (as described in the definition of Bank Program Receivables) and further sold, transferred and assigned to Holdings (if not originated by Holdings) pursuant to a Transfer Agreement and further sold, transferred and assigned to Issuer by Holdings pursuant to the Purchase and Sale Agreement. Each Receivable shall include, without limitation, all rights (including enforcement rights) under or pursuant to all related Portfolio Documents in respect thereof, and all supporting obligations in connection therewith. 
 Receivable Balance shall mean, at any specified time, the then outstanding aggregate principal amount payable on a Receivable, minus any capitalized fees, closing costs and other expenses added to the outstanding principal balance of such Receivable. 
 Recovery Amounts shall mean all Collections received on a Defaulted Receivable from and after the date such Receivable became a Defaulted Receivable hereunder. 
 Refinancing shall mean, those occurrences when an Originator enters into (or acquires) a new consumer loan arrangement with an Account Debtor, and whereby a Receivable is paid in full with the proceeds of a new Receivable. 
 Regulatory Event shall mean: 
 (a) a Level One Regulatory Event , which shall comprise either: 
 (i) the commencement by any Governmental Authority of y any formal inquiry or investigation, which, for the avoidance of doubt, shall not include any Routine Inquiry, or z any legal action or proceeding, in the case of each of the foregoing clauses y and z ), against any of Issuer, Servicer, Holdings, Enova, any Originator or any of their respective Affiliates challenging its authority to originate, hold, own, service, collect, pledge or enforce any Receivable, or otherwise alleging any non-compliance by any of the Issuer, Servicer, Holdings, Enova, any Originator or any of their respective Affiliates with any Applicable Laws related to originating, holding, collecting, pledging, servicing or enforcing such Receivable and which is delivered to such Person in an official notice from a Governmental Authority and which is not released or terminated in a manner acceptable to Administrative Agent within sixty (60) calendar days of commencement thereof provided , that if prior to the expiration of such sixty (60) calendar day period, Administrative Agent has received evidence that the target of such formal inquiry, investigation, legal action or proceeding is working in good faith with the applicable Governmental Authority to resolve such matter during such sixty (60) calendar day period, such sixty (60) calendar day period shall be extended to one hundred twenty (120) calendar days of the commencement thereof), which period may be extended by Administrative Agent in its sole discretion; provided , that, in each case, upon the favorable resolution of such inquiry, investigation, action or proceeding as determined by Administrative Agent in its sole discretion and confirmed by written notice from Administrative Agent (whether by judgment, withdrawal of such action or proceeding or settlement of such action or proceeding), such Regulatory Event for such Governmental Authority shall cease to exist immediately upon such determination by Administrative Agent; provided , further that, following notice under Section 6.1(c) of the occurrence of a Regulatory Event, if so 
 29 

requested by Issuer, Administrative Agent shall consider in its sole discretion whether such event shall not be deemed a Level One Regulatory Event, and if Administrative Agent so determines, and notifies Issuer in writing, that it will not treat such event as a Level One Regulatory Event, then no Level One Regulatory Event shall be deemed to exist; provided, however, that (1) Administrative Agent s failure to notify Issuer that an event is not a Level One Regulatory Event shall result in such event constituting a Level One Regulatory Event until further written notice is delivered by Administrative Agent, and (2) following notice of the occurrence of any additional Level One Regulatory Event or any change in status of such event or new development, Administrative Agent may notify Issuer that it revokes such earlier determination and a Level One Regulatory Event shall be deemed to have occurred with respect to the related Receivables; or 
 (b) a Level Two Regulatory Event , which shall comprise the issuance or entering of any stay, order, judgment, cease and desist order, injunction, temporary restraining order, or other judicial or non-judicial sanction, order or ruling against any of the Issuer, Servicer, Holdings, Enova, any Originator or any of their respective Affiliates challenging the legality of any such entity s originating, holding, pledging, collecting, servicing or enforcing of any Receivable, or otherwise rendering any Portfolio Document unenforceable. 
 For the avoidance of doubt, (i) the issuance of a civil investigative demand by the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau or any attorney general (or any other similar proceeding by any other Governmental Authority) shall not, on its own, constitute a Regulatory Event, (ii) no Regulatory Event with respect to a Governmental Authority of a state, city or municipality shall in and of itself constitute a Regulatory Event with respect to Receivables in any jurisdiction outside the state in which such Governmental Authority has jurisdiction and (iii) no Receivable shall be deemed to be effected by a Level One Regulatory Event during the sixty (60) or one hundred twenty (120), as applicable calendar day period referenced in the definition thereof . 
 Related Parties shall mean, with respect to any specified Person, such Person s Affiliates and the respective partners, directors, officers, employees, agents, trustees, administrators, managers, advisors and representatives of such Person and such Person s Affiliates. 
 Related Fund shall mean (a) any fund, trust or similar entity that invests in commercial loans in the ordinary course of its business and is advised or managed by (i) a Note Purchaser, (ii) an Affiliate of a Note Purchaser, (iii) the same investment advisor that manages a Note Purchaser or (iv) an Affiliate of an investment advisor that manages a Note Purchaser, or (b) any finance company, insurance company or other financial institution which temporarily warehouses loans for any Note Purchaser or any Person described in clause (a) above. 
 Relevant Governmental Body shall mean the Federal Reserve Board and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Federal Reserve Board and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or any successor thereto. 
 Repayment Cure shall have the meaning assigned to it in Section 6.17(d) . 
 Repayment Cure Period shall have the meaning assigned to it in Section 6.17(d) . 
 30 

Republic Bank Purchase and Sale Agreement shall mean that certain Loan Purchase Agreement, dated as of October 22, 2019, by and between Republic Bank and NetCredit Finance, LLC, as amended restated or otherwise modified from time to time in accordance with the Transaction Documents. 
 Republic Bank Program Agreement shall mean that certain Program Management Agreement, dated as of October 22, 2019, by and between Republic Bank and NCLS, as amended restated or otherwise modified from time to time in accordance with the Transaction Documents. 
 Request for Note Funding shall have the meaning assigned in Section 4.2(a) . 
 Required Principal Payment shall mean, as of any date of determination, the amount by which the aggregate outstanding Note Fundings exceeded the then applicable Borrowing Base, or such greater amount as shall be specified by the Issuer as of any Payment Date. 
 Requisite Note Purchasers shall mean, at any time, Note Purchasers holding Note Fundings and unused Revolving Commitments representing more than 50 of the sum of the total Note Fundings outstanding and unused Revolving Commitments at such time; provided that the Note Fundings and Revolving Commitments held by any Non-Funding Note Purchaser shall be disregarded in determining Requisite Note Purchasers or any time. 
 Responsible Officer shall mean the president, chief operating officer, the chief financial officer, the secretary or the vice president of capital markets and treasury of Issuer, or any other officer having substantially the same authority and responsibility; or, with respect to compliance with collateral performance or financial covenants or delivery of financial information, the chief financial officer, the treasurer or the controller of Issuer, or any other officer having substantially the same authority and responsibility (or where such Person is trust, such officer having substantially the same authority and responsibility of the administrator of such trust or such other Person authorized to act on behalf of such trust in such matters), and in all cases such person shall be listed on an incumbency certificate delivered to Administrative Agent, in form and substance acceptable to Administrative Agent in its sole discretion. 
 Revolving Commitment means the commitment of a Note Purchaser to make or otherwise fund Note Fundings pursuant to the terms of this Agreement and Revolving Commitments means such commitments of all Note Purchasers to fund Note Fundings in the aggregate pursuant to the terms of this Agreement. The amount of each Note Purchaser s Revolving Commitment, if any, is set forth on Schedule C attached hereto, subject to any adjustment or reduction pursuant to the terms and conditions hereof. The aggregate amount of the Revolving Commitments as of the Closing Date is 125,000,000.00. 
 Revolving Exposure shall mean, with respect to any Note Purchaser as of any date of determination, (a) prior to the termination of the Revolving Commitments, that Note Purchaser s Revolving Commitment, and (b) after the termination of the Revolving Commitments, the aggregate outstanding principal amount of all Note Fundings made by that Note Purchaser. 
 Revolving Period shall mean the period from and including the Closing Date through and including the earliest of (a) the Termination Date, (b) October 21, 2024, (c) the occurrence 
 31 

and continuance of any Early Wind-Down Trigger Event, or (d) the occurrence and continuance of a Default or an Event of Default. 
 Routine Inquiry means any inquiry, written or otherwise, made by a Governmental Authority to any Person in connection with (i) the routine transmittal of a customer complaint, (ii) a formal or informal request for information regarding the Person s business activities, licensing status and/or regulatory posture, other than a formal or informal inquiry that alleges any violation or wrongdoing by such Person, or (iii) a civil investigative demand by the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau or any attorney general (or any other similar proceeding by any other Governmental Authority). 
 Scheduled Payment shall mean the scheduled monthly payment of principal and interest by or on behalf of an Account Debtor on a Receivable. 
 Scheduled Payment Date shall mean, with respect to any Receivable, each date in a calendar month on which a Scheduled Payment is due from the related Account Debtor. 
 Secured Parties means the Administrative Agent and the Note Purchasers. 
 Securities Act shall mean the Securities Act of 1933. 
 Securitization Affiliate shall mean a direct or indirect wholly-owned, special purpose bankruptcy remote Affiliate of Issuer formed for the purpose of directly or indirectly purchasing Receivables from Issuer pursuant to a Permitted Securitization. 
 Securitization Lender shall mean a third-party lender or indenture trustee to a Securitization Affiliate in connection with a Permitted Securitization. For the avoidance of doubt, a Securitization Lender does not include any Affiliate of Issuer. 
 Security Documents shall mean this Agreement, UCC financing statements, any Blocked Account Control Agreement, the ACH Sweep Account Control Agreement, any other agreements related to Accounts, and all other documents or instruments necessary to create or perfect the Liens in the Collateral, as such may be modified, amended or supplemented from time to time. 
 Senior Indebtedness shall mean any Indebtedness under the corporate revolving credit facility of Enova pursuant to that certain Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of June 23, 2022, by and among Enova and certain Subsidiaries of Enova, as borrowers, certain Subsidiaries of Enova, as guarantors, the lenders party thereto and Bank of Montreal, as administrative agent and collateral agent. 
 Servicer shall mean, individually and collectively, NCLS in its capacity as master servicer and asset servicer of the Receivables under the Servicing Agreement, the Backup Servicer and any other Person becoming a servicer of the Receivables (i) in accordance with the terms of the Servicing Agreement or (ii) upon termination of NCLS as a servicer in accordance with the terms of this Agreement or the Servicing Agreement. 
 Servicer Event of Default shall mean a Servicer Default as such term is defined in the Servicing Agreement. 
 32 

Servicing Agreement shall mean that certain Servicing Agreement, dated as of the Closing Date, by and between Issuer, Servicer and Administrative Agent as the same may be amended, modified, supplemented, restated, replaced or renewed in accordance with this Agreement. 
 Servicing Fee shall mean the fee payable monthly to Servicer as set forth in the Servicing Agreement as in effect on the Closing Date, but not to exceed, in the aggregate, two and three-fourths of one percent (2.75 per annum of the average daily Receivables Balance of all Eligible Receivables at the time of determination, unless otherwise approved by Administrative Agent in its sole discretion. 
 Servicing Policy shall mean, the collections policy and the payment plan policy of the Servicer, as such policies may be amended, modified or supplemented from time to time in compliance with the Servicing Agreement. 
 SOFR means, with respect to any Business Day, a rate per annum equal to the secured overnight financing rate for such Business Day published by the SOFR Administrator on the SOFR Administrator s Website on the immediately succeeding Business Day. 
 SOFR Administrator means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a successor administrator of the secured overnight financing rate). 
 SOFR Administrator s Website means the website of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, currently at http://www.newyorkfed.org, or any successor source for the secured overnight financing rate identified as such by the SOFR Administrator from time to time. 
 SOFR Determination Date shall mean, with respect to each Interest Period, the day that occurs two (2) Business Days immediately prior to the first day of such Interest Period. 
 Similar Law shall have the meaning assigned to it in Section 2.1(c) hereof. 
 Solvency Certificate shall have the meaning assigned to it in Section 4.1(e) hereof. 
 State Licensed Receivable means a Receivable originated by Enova or its Subsidiaries in compliance with a state license or permit described in Schedule E attached hereto. 
 Subsidiary shall mean, as to any Person, any other Person in which more than fifty percent (50 of all Equity Interests are owned directly or indirectly by such Person. 
 TAB Bank means Transportation Alliance Bank Inc., dba TAB Bank, a Utah state-chartered bank. 
 TAB Bank Participation Agreement shall mean that certain Loan Participation Agreement, dated as of April 5, 2022, by and between TAB Bank and NetCredit Finance, LLC, as amended restated or otherwise modified from time to time in accordance with the Transaction Documents. 
 33 

TAB Bank Program Agreement shall mean that certain Loan Program Agreement, dated as of April 5, 2022, by and between TAB Bank and NetCredit Finance, LLC, as amended, restated or otherwise modified from time to time in accordance with the Transaction Documents. 
 TAB Bank Receivable shall mean a Bank Program Receivable originated by TAB Bank and sold to NetCredit Finance, LLC pursuant to the TAB Bank Participation Agreement and then further sold to Holdings pursuant to a Transfer Agreement. 
 Tangible Net Worth shall mean, as of any date of determination with respect to any Person, (a) the consolidated shareholder s equity (including retained earnings), minus (b) to the extent not already excluded, (i) the book value of all intangible assets, (ii) the cost of treasury shares and (iii) investments in and loans to any Subsidiary or Affiliate or to any equity holder, director or employee of such Person or any of its Subsidiaries, in the case of the foregoing clauses (a) and (b), all as determined in accordance with GAAP. 
 Taxes shall have the meaning assigned to it in Section 13.8(a) hereof. 
 Term SOFR Floor means the per annum rate equal to the greater of (a) the Term SOFR Rate for such Interest Period and (b) 1.00 . 
 Term SOFR Rate means, with respect to any Interest Period, the forward-looking term rate based on SOFR as determined on the related SOFR Determination Date for the applicable tenor corresponding to such Interest Period; provided that, if as of 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the Business Day immediately succeeding any SOFR Determination Date, the Term SOFR Rate has not been published by the SOFR Administrator, then, until an alternate benchmark rate has been determined, (x) the Term SOFR Rate shall be determined as of the first preceding Business Day for which such Term SOFR Rate was published by the SOFR Administrator so long as such first preceding Business Day is not more than five (5) Business Days prior to such SOFR Determination Date or (y) if the Term SOFR Rate cannot be determined in accordance with clause (x) of this proviso, the Term SOFR Rate shall be the Term SOFR Rate as determined on the previous SOFR Determination Date. Term SOFR Rate shall initially mean, for any day, the per annum rate equal to the offered rate which appears on the Bloomberg ticker which displays the one (1) month term SOFR as determined by CME Group (or such other person that takes over the determination of such rate as recommended by the SOFR Administrator) (such ticker currently being Bloomberg ticker SR1M). If adequate and reasonable means do not exist for ascertaining the Term SOFR Rate because the rate is not available or published on a current basis and such circumstances are unlikely to be temporary, as determined by the Administrative Agent and the Issuer in their reasonable discretion, then, reasonably promptly after such determination, the Administrative Agent and the Issuer may replace the Term SOFR Rate with an alternate benchmark rate (including any mathematical or other adjustments to the benchmark (if any) incorporated therein), giving due consideration to any evolving or then existing convention for similar U.S. dollar denominated syndicated credit or note purchase facilities. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, if the Term SOFR Rate as determined in accordance with the foregoing definition, or such alternate benchmark rate, as the case may be, would be less than zero, the Term SOFR Rate or such alternative benchmark rate shall be deemed to be zero for the purposes of this Agreement. For the avoidance of doubt, neither the Collateral Agent nor the Paying Agent shall have any obligation to determine or identify Interest Rates, the Term SOFR 
 34 

Rate or any alternative rate or any adjustment or modifier thereto, the unavailability thereof, or the occurrence or non-occurrence of any event, circumstance or date related to the foregoing. 
 Termination Date shall have the meaning assigned to it in Section 11.1 hereof. 
 Total Liabilities shall mean, for any Person, as at any date of determination, the aggregate amount of all Indebtedness of such Person, as determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP. 
 Transaction Documents shall mean, collectively and each individually, this Agreement, the Notes, the Security Documents, the Servicing Agreement, the Backup Servicing Agreement, the Administrative Agent Side Letter, the Purchase and Sale Agreement Guaranty, each Borrowing Base Certificate, each Transfer Agreement, the Purchase and Sale Agreement, the Intercreditor Agreement, the Accession Agreement and any account control agreement and all other agreements, documents, instruments and certificates heretofore or hereafter executed or delivered to Administrative Agent, Collateral Agent, Paying Agent and/or Note Purchasers in connection with any of the foregoing or the Notes, as the same may be amended, modified or supplemented from time to time. 
 Transfer Agreement shall mean the Transfer Agreement, dated as of the Closing Date, by and between Holdings, as purchaser of Receivables, and any Subsidiary of Enova, as seller of Receivables, from time to time, as the same may be amended, modified, supplemented, restated, replaced or renewed in writing from time to time in accordance with this Agreement. 
 Transferee shall have the meaning assigned to it in Section 12.2(a) hereof. 
 UCC means the Uniform Commercial Code as in effect in the State of New York; provided that, if perfection or the effect of perfection or non-perfection or the priority of any security interest in any Collateral is governed by the Uniform Commercial Code as in effect in a jurisdiction other than the State of New York, UCC means the Uniform Commercial Code as in effect from time to time in such other jurisdiction for purposes of the provisions hereof relating to such perfection, effect of perfection or non-perfection or priority. 
 Underwriting Guidelines shall mean NetCredit s Underwriting Policy, as set forth on Exhibit E , as such exhibit may be updated, from time to time as agreed to by Administrative Agent. 
 U.S. Person shall mean a United States person as defined in Section 7701(a)(30) of the Code. 
 Vantage Score shall mean, for each Account Debtor with respect to a Receivable, the credit score of such Account Debtor obtained from Vantage Score Solutions, LLC as of the Origination Date of such Receivable or, if such credit score is not available as of the applicable Origination Date, the latest available credit score of such Account Debtor obtained from Vantage Score Solutions, LLC. 
 Voting Interests shall mean securities, membership interests, partnership interests or any other equity interests of any class or classes of an entity, the holders of which are ordinarily, in the 
 35 

absence of contingencies, entitled to elect a majority of the directors or managers (or Persons performing similar functions) and otherwise control the policies of such entity. 
 Wells Fargo Account shall mean that certain lockbox account at Wells Fargo Bank, held in the name of Holdings, with account number 41238117173, into which Servicer shall direct all check payments, if applicable, under the applicable Portfolio Documents. 
 II.	Notes, PAYMENTS, INTEREST AND COLLATERAL 
 2.1	The Notes 
 (a)	In consideration of the agreements of the Note Purchasers hereunder, and subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement, (x) the Issuer agrees to sell, transfer and deliver to each Note Purchaser, and (y) each Note Purchaser agrees to purchase from the Issuer, on the Closing Date, a Note, the outstanding principal amount of which shall not exceed at any time (unless otherwise agreed to by the Issuer and each Note Purchaser) such Note Purchaser s Maximum Note Amount. Subject to the satisfaction of the conditions set forth in Article IV , the Note Purchasers shall fund on the date of the Initial Note Funding their Pro Rata Share of the Initial Note Funding. With respect to all Note Fundings (other than the Initial Note Funding), subject to the provisions of this Agreement, including, without limitation satisfaction or waiver in writing by the Administrative Agent of all conditions set forth in Article IV hereof, each Note Purchaser may, in its sole discretion, make additional fundings under its Note (each, an Additional Note Funding to the Issuer hereunder from time to during the Revolving Period. The Initial Note Funding and each Additional Note Funding shall be made in an amount requested by the Issuer not to exceed the Availability as of such date of determination by deposit into the an account designated in writing by the Issuer; provided , that under no circumstances shall the Aggregate Note Balance exceed the Maximum Note Amount, and provided , further , that no Note Purchaser shall cause the Note Balance of such Note Purchaser s Note to be an amount in excess of such Note Purchaser s Revolving Commitment, and no Note Purchaser shall be responsible for the failure of any other Note Purchaser to fund any Additional Note Funding. Unless otherwise permitted by the Administrative Agent, the Initial Note Funding shall be in an amount of at least 10,000,000 and each Additional Note Funding shall be in an amount of at least 500,000. Additional Note Fundings may be made hereunder on any Business Day, but no more than two (2) Note Fundings shall be made in any calendar week. Subject to the terms of this Agreement, the Note Balance of each Note, or any portion thereof, may be repaid and reborrowed at any time during the Revolving Period. 
 (b)	 Notes . The Note Fundings made by each Note Purchaser shall be evidenced by a note payable to the order of such Note Purchaser, substantially in the form of Exhibit B , executed by Issuer and delivered to the Administrative Agent on the Closing Date. Each Note payable to the order of a Note Purchaser shall be in a stated maximum principal amount equal to such Note Purchaser s Revolving Commitment. 
 (c)	 Note Purchaser Representations and Warranties . Each Note Purchaser hereby represents and warrants that, on and as of the date on which it becomes a Note Purchaser and on and as of each date that a Note Funding occurs, that: 
 36 

(i)	it is, or meets the criteria for being, a Qualified Purchaser and a Qualified Institutional Buyer (or, in the case of the initial purchase of the Notes on the Closing Date, an Institutional Accredited Investor); 
 (ii)	it understands that the Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act or any other applicable securities law and may not be offered, sold or otherwise transferred unless (a) registered pursuant to or exempt from registration under the Securities Act or any other applicable securities law or (b) pursuant to inapplicability of the Securities Act; and that if in the future it decides to offer, resell, pledge or otherwise transfer a Note, such Note may be offered, sold, pledged or otherwise transferred only in a transaction exempt from registration under the Securities Act or pursuant to inapplicability of the Securities Act and only to a person which the seller reasonably believes is a Qualified Institutional Buyer in a transaction meeting the requirements of Rule 144A and a Qualified Purchaser; 
 (iii)	it has, independently and without reliance upon the Administrative Agent, and based on such documents and information as it deems appropriate at the time, made its own credit decisions in taking or not taking action under this Agreement; 
 (iv)	it confirms that, in the normal course of its business, it invests in or purchases securities similar to the Notes, and that it has such knowledge and experience in financial and business matters that it is capable of evaluating the merits and risks of purchasing each of the Notes; 
 (v)	it agrees to treat the Notes as indebtedness for all United States federal, state and local income and franchise tax law and for purposes of any other tax imposed on, or measured by, income; it represents and warrants that it is (and will remain as long as it is a Note Purchaser) a United States person within the meaning of Section 7701(a)(30) of the Code and will provide a properly completed IRS Form W-9 in connection with the acceptance of the Notes; 
 (vi)	it is purchasing each of the Notes for a bona fide business purpose in the ordinary course of its investment business; 
 (vii)	it understands that each Note will bear legends to the following effect, in addition to such other legends as may be necessary or appropriate, unless the Issuer determines otherwise in compliance with applicable law: 
 THIS NOTE (THIS NOTE HAS NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE UNITED STATES SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT ), ANY UNITED STATES STATE SECURITIES OR BLUE SKY LAWS OR ANY SECURITIES LAWS OF ANY OTHER JURISDICTION, AND, AS A MATTER OF U.S. LAW, MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD IN VIOLATION OF THE SECURITIES ACT OR ANY SUCH OTHER LAWS. THIS NOTE, AND ANY BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN, MAY BE TRANSFERRED ONLY IN MINIMUM DENOMINATIONS OF 2,000,000 AND 
 37 

100,000 INCREMENTS IN EXCESS THEREOF. THE HOLDER HEREOF, BY PURCHASING OR ACCEPTING THIS NOTE, IS HEREBY DEEMED TO HAVE AGREED, FOR THE BENEFIT OF THE ISSUER, THAT IT WILL RESELL, PLEDGE OR OTHERWISE TRANSFER THIS NOTE, AS A MATTER OF U.S. LAW, ONLY PURSUANT TO AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR INAPPLICABILITY OF THE SECURITIES ACT, IN EACH CASE, ONLY TO A PERSON (1) WHO IS A QUALIFIED PURCHASER (AS DEFINED IN THE INVESTMENT COMPANY ACT OF 1940, AS AMENDED), AND (2) WHOM IT REASONABLY BELIEVES IS A QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER , AS DEFINED IN RULE 144A PROMULGATED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT RULE 144A (A QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER ), THAT IS ACQUIRING THIS NOTE FOR ITS OWN ACCOUNT OR AS A FIDUCIARY OR AGENT FOR OTHERS (WHICH OTHERS MUST ALSO BE QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYERS) TO WHOM NOTICE IS GIVEN THAT THE RESALE, PLEDGE OR OTHER TRANSFER OF THIS NOTE IS BEING MADE IN RELIANCE ON RULE 144A, IN ACCORDANCE WITH ANY UNITED STATES STATE SECURITIES OR BLUE SKY LAWS OR ANY SECURITIES LAWS OF ANY OTHER JURISDICTION. 
 EACH PURCHASER, BY ACCEPTANCE OF THIS NOTE, AND EACH BENEFICIAL OWNER OF THIS NOTE, BY ACCEPTANCE OF AN INTEREST IN THIS NOTE, WILL BE DEEMED TO REPRESENT AND WARRANT THAT EITHER (I) IT IS NOT, AND IS NOT ACTING ON BEHALF OF, OR USING THE ASSETS OF, (A) AN EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN AS DEFINED IN SECTION 3(3) OF THE EMPLOYEE RETIREMENT INCOME SECURITY ACT OF 1974, AS AMENDED ERISA ), THAT IS SUBJECT TO TITLE I OF ERISA, (B) A PLAN AS DEFINED IN SECTION 4975(e)(1) OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE CODE OF 1986, AS AMENDED (THE INTERNAL REVENUE CODE ), THAT IS SUBJECT TO SECTION 4975 OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE CODE, (C) AN ENTITY WHOSE UNDERLYING ASSETS INCLUDE PLAN ASSETS BY REASON OF SUCH EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN S OR PLAN S INVESTMENT IN THE ENTITY (WITHIN THE MEANING OF DEPARTMENT OF LABOR REGULATION 29 C.F.R. 2510.3-101, AS MODIFIED BY SECTION 3(42) OF ERISA) OR (D) ANY GOVERNMENTAL, CHURCH, NON-U.S. OR OTHER PLAN THAT IS SUBJECT TO ANY NON-U.S., FEDERAL, STATE OR LOCAL LAW THAT IS SUBSTANTIALLY SIMILAR TO SECTION 406 OF ERISA OR SECTION 4975 OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE CODE SIMILAR LAW OR AN ENTITY WHOSE UNDERLYING ASSETS INCLUDE ASSETS OF ANY SUCH PLAN OR (II) ITS ACQUISITION, CONTINUED HOLDING, FUNDING AND DISPOSITION OF THIS NOTE (OR ANY INTEREST HEREIN) WILL NOT GIVE RISE TO A NON-EXEMPT PROHIBITED 
 38 

TRANSACTION UNDER SECTION 406 OF ERISA OR SECTION 4975 OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE CODE OR RESULT IN A NON-EXEMPT PROHIBITED TRANSACTION OR VIOLATION OF ANY SIMILAR LAW. 
 THE OUTSTANDING PRINCIPAL AMOUNT OF THIS NOTE MAY BE REDUCED FROM TIME TO TIME BY DISTRIBUTIONS IN RESPECT OF THIS NOTE ALLOCABLE TO PRINCIPAL, AND MAY BE INCREASED FROM TIME TO TIME IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE TERMS OF THE NOTE ISSUANCE AND PURCHASE AGREEMENT. ANYONE ACQUIRING THIS NOTE MAY ASCERTAIN THE CURRENT OUTSTANDING PRINCIPAL AMOUNT OF THIS NOTE BY INQUIRY DIRECTED TO THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT. ON THE DATE OF THE INITIAL ISSUANCE OF THIS NOTE, THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT IS JEFFERIES FUNDING, LLC. 
 THE HOLDER OF THIS NOTE, BY ACCEPTANCE OF THIS NOTE, AND EACH OWNER OF A BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN, AGREES TO TREAT THIS NOTE AS INDEBTEDNESS FOR ALL UNITED STATES FEDERAL, STATE, AND LOCAL INCOME AND FRANCHISE TAX LAW AND FOR PURPOSES OF ANY OTHER TAX IMPOSED ON, OR MEASURED BY, INCOME. THE HOLDER OF THIS NOTE, BY ACCEPTANCE OF THIS NOTE, AND EACH OWNER OF A BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN, REPRESENTS, WarrantS and AGREES THAT IT IS (AND WILL REMAIN AS LONG AS IT IS A NOTE PURCHASER) A UNITED STATES PERSON WITHIN THE MEANING OF SECTION 7701(A)(30) OF THE CODE. 
 THIS NOTE AND ANY BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN MAY ONLY BE TRANSFERRED IN COMPLIANCE WITH THE TERMS OF THE NOTE ISSUANCE AND PURCHASE AGREEMENT; and 
 (viii)	it is not, and it not acting on behalf of, or using the assets of, (A) an employee benefit plan as defined in Section 3(3) of ERISA that is subject to Title I of ERISA, (B) a plan as defined in Section 4975(e)(1) of the Code that is subject to Section 4975 of the Code, (C) an entity whose underlying assets include plan assets by reason of such employee benefit plan s or plan s investments in the entity (within the meaning of Department of Labor Regulation 29 C.F.R. 2510.3-101, as modified by Section 3(42) of ERISA) or (D) any governmental, church, non-U.S. or other plan that is subject to any non-U.S. federal, state or local law that is substantially similar to Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code Similar Law or an entity whose underlying assets include assets of any such plan or (II) its acquisition, continued holding, funding and disposition of a Note (or any interest therein) will not give rise to a non-exempt prohibited transaction under Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code or result in a non-exempt prohibited transaction or violation of any Similar Law. 
 (d)	 [Reserved] . 
 39 

(e)	 Payment of the Notes . Issuer shall repay the Notes pursuant to and in accordance with the terms of this Agreement and the Notes. The outstanding principal balance of all of the outstanding Note Fundings shall be due and payable in full, if not earlier in accordance with this Agreement, on the Final Maturity Date. All other amounts outstanding under the Notes and all other Obligations under the Notes shall be due and payable in full, if not earlier in accordance with this Agreement, on the Final Maturity Date. 
 2.2	Interest on the Notes. 
 The outstanding principal balance of the Notes shall bear interest at the Interest Rate. All such payments of interest shall be made on each Payment Date for the related Due Period, with the initial Payment Date being December 20, 2022. The monthly interest due on the principal balance of the Notes outstanding shall be computed for the actual number of days elapsed during the month in question on the basis of a year consisting of three hundred sixty (360) days and shall be calculated by determining the average daily principal balance outstanding for each day of the month in question. The daily rate shall be equal to 1/360 th times the then applicable Interest Rate. The Administrative Agent will furnish a monthly statement of amounts due. 
 
 2.3	Collections; Repayment. 
 (a)	Issuer shall, or shall direct Servicer to, direct or otherwise cause the Account Debtor of each Receivable, to pay all Collections (other than checks) to the Collection Receipt Accounts other than Collections that consist of ACH payments, which shall be directed to the ACH Sweep Account. In the event that Issuer or any Affiliate of Issuer receives any Collections (including checks) directly from or on behalf of an Account Debtor in a manner other than through a deposit into the Collection Receipt Accounts or the ACH Sweep Account, as applicable, Issuer or such Affiliate shall receive all such Collections in trust for the benefit of Collateral Agent on behalf of the Secured Parties. Any checks received by Issuer or Servicer shall be deposited in the Wells Fargo Account within two (2) Business Days of receipt. To the extent not paid directly to the Collection Receipt Accounts or the ACH Sweep Account, as applicable, Issuer or, pursuant to the Servicing Agreement, Servicer, as applicable, shall deliver to the Collateral Account, within two (2) Business Days of receipt thereof, all such Collections (in the form so received) received by Servicer or Issuer, as applicable, unless Administrative Agent shall have notified Servicer or Issuer, as applicable, to deliver directly to Administrative Agent all such Collections after the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, in which event all such Collections (in the form received) shall, if applicable, be endorsed by Servicer or Issuer, as applicable, to Administrative Agent and delivered to Administrative Agent promptly upon Issuer s receipt thereof. Servicer shall deliver all Collections deposited in the Collection Receipt Accounts to the Collateral Account in accordance with the Servicing Agreement and the Intercreditor Agreement. All Collections received, net of returns, in the ACH Sweep Account shall be remitted to the Collateral Account on each Business Day by the Servicer. 
 (b)	At any time after the occurrence of an Event of Default (but not before), in accordance with Applicable Laws, Administrative Agent shall have the right to notify any Account Debtor or Servicer (i) that all Receivables of Issuer have been assigned to Administrative Agent, 
 40 

(ii) that all Collections shall be endorsed by Servicer or Issuer, as applicable, to Administrative Agent and paid directly to Administrative Agent promptly upon receipt thereof, and (iii) that all Account Debtors shall be directed to mail or otherwise deliver payments directly to an address determined by Administrative Agent or to otherwise deposit such sums in the Collateral Account or any other account established by Administrative Agent from time to time. For the avoidance of doubt and notwithstanding anything to contrary in this Agreement, all amounts received by the Administrative Agent after the occurrence of an Event of Default shall be distributed pursuant to Section 2.4(a), without regard to any caps. 
 2.4	 Promise to Pay; Manner of Payment. 
 (a)	On each Payment Date so long as no Event of Default is then continuing, payments shall be made by Paying Agent, solely based on the information provided by the Servicer or Issuer in the Monthly Collateral and Servicing Report, from the Collateral Account in the following order of priority and to the extent of all Available Amounts on deposit in the Collateral Account: 
 (i)	to the Collateral Agent and Paying Agent, the Collateral Agent Fee and any expenses and indemnities payable to the Collateral Agent and the Paying Agent, respectively, to the extent accrued and unpaid through the last day of the Due Period until such accrued fees, expenses and indemnities are paid in full; provided , that any such expenses and indemnities shall not exceed an aggregate of 150,000 per annum; 
 (ii)	to the Servicer, the Servicing Fee, to the extent accrued and unpaid through the last day of the Due Period until such accrued fees are paid in full; 
 (iii)	to the Backup Servicer, the Backup Servicing Fee and any applicable expenses and indemnities payable to the Backup Servicer under the Backup Servicing Agreement, to the extent accrued and unpaid through the last day of the Due Period until such accrued fees are paid in full; provided , that any such expenses and indemnities shall not exceed 100,000 per annum; 
 ; 
 (iv)	to the payment of any fees required to be paid with respect to the Collateral Account, to the extent accrued and unpaid through the last day of the Due Period until such accrued fees are paid in full; 
 (v)	to Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the Note Purchasers, an amount equal to the outstanding balance of any Protective Advances, together with all interest owed with respect to all Protective Advances; 
 (vi)	to Administrative Agent, any accrued and unpaid interest, costs, fees and expenses relating to the Obligations, including any accrued and unpaid wire transfer fees or other banking fees; 
 (vii)	to Administrative Agent, for the benefit of Note Purchasers, any Required Principal Payment; 
 41 

(viii)	during the Amortization Period to Administrative Agent, for the benefit of Note Purchasers, to apply to the then outstanding Obligations; 
 (ix)	to the Backup Servicer, Paying Agent and Collateral Agent, any expenses and indemnities payable to the Backup Servicer under the Backup Servicing Agreement and to the Paying Agent and Collateral Agent under this Agreement, to the extent not paid pursuant to clause (ii) above; 
 (x)	to Issuer, or as Issuer may otherwise direct, any remaining Available Amounts. 
 Administrative Agent shall distribute any such payment received by it for the account of any Note Purchaser to the appropriate Note Purchaser in accordance with the terms hereof, including Section 2.4(a) . 
 (b)	Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Section 2.4 , following the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, Administrative Agent shall have the immediate right to direct and to apply all funds in the Collateral Account, the Collection Receipt Accounts (subject to the Intercreditor Agreement), the ACH Sweep Account and any other Scheduled Payments, interest, principal, prepayments and other amounts received of every description payable to Issuer with respect to the Collateral, to the Obligations in such order and in such manner as Administrative Agent shall elect in its sole discretion after application of funds pursuant to Section 2.4(a) without regard to any caps. 
 (c)	Issuer absolutely and unconditionally promises to pay, when due and payable pursuant hereto, principal, interest and all other amounts and Obligations payable, hereunder or under any other Transaction Document, including the amounts required to be paid pursuant to Section 2.4(a) on each Payment Date, without any right of rescission and without any deduction whatsoever, including any deduction for set-off, recoupment or counterclaim, notwithstanding any damage to, defects in or destruction of the Collateral or any other event, including obsolescence of any property or improvements. Except as expressly provided for herein, Issuer hereby waives setoff, recoupment, demand, presentment, protest, and all notices and demands of any description, and the pleading of any statute of limitations as a defense to any demand under this Agreement and any other Transaction Document, all to the extent permitted by law. 
 2.5	Voluntary Prepayments 
 (a)	On any Business Day during the Revolving Period, Issuer may prepay the Obligations, in whole or in part, subject to payment of the Prepayment Fee. Issuer may prepay the Obligations in whole, but not in part, and terminate this Agreement on any Business Day after the termination of the Revolving Period and prior to the Final Maturity Date. The applicable Obligations to be prepaid as provided in this Section 2.5(a) , as applicable, shall include (i) all outstanding Note Fundings made prior to such Prepayment Date, plus (ii) accrued and unpaid interest on all such outstanding Note Fundings made prior to such Prepayment Date, plus (iii) the Prepayment Fee, as applicable, plus , (iv) any unpaid fees or expenses required to be paid by Issuer under this Agreement and all other unpaid Obligations (other than indemnity obligations of Issuer under the Transaction Documents that are not then due and payable or for which any events or 
 42 

claims that would give rise thereto are not then pending) in relation to such Obligations to be prepaid on the Prepayment Date. Issuer shall give the Administrative Agent, Paying Agent and Collateral Agent written notice of the proposed prepayment not less than fifteen (15) calendar days in advance of the proposed Prepayment Date. Notwithstanding the above, Issuer shall be permitted to prepay the Obligations at any time (including during the Revolving Period) without any obligation to pay the Prepayment Fee if (w) such prepayment is made in connection with a repurchase of Receivables or otherwise pursuant to the Purchase and Sale Agreement (x) Issuer is charged any increased costs or other amounts pursuant to Section 3.3 hereof, (y) such prepayment is in connection with a Permitted Securitization for which Administrative Agent or any of its Affiliates is acting as sole manager or (z) such prepayment occurs on or after any date on which Administrative Agent has failed to fund any requested Note Funding. 
 (b)	Immediately upon Issuer s or Holdings or its Securitization Affiliate s receipt of any proceeds from any Permitted Securitization, all such proceeds shall be delivered to Administrative Agent in their original form for application to the Obligations and, pending delivery to Administrative Agent, Issuer, Holdings or Securitization Affiliate, as applicable, will hold such proceeds as agent for the Administrative Agent and in trust for Administrative Agent. Provided no Early Wind-Down Trigger Event, Default or Event of Default has occurred which is continuing, Administrative Agent shall, upon receipt of such proceeds, deliver to Issuer such releases of Liens prepared by Issuer necessary to permit the transactions contemplated by the Permitted Securitization. 
 (c)	Issuer may prepay the Notes in whole but not in part during the Repayment Cure Period; provided that in connection with such prepayment Issuer shall pay to Administrative Agent, for the benefit of Note Purchasers, the Prepayment Fee. 
 2.6	Mandatory Prepayments 
 In no event shall the sum of the aggregate outstanding principal balance of the Notes exceed the lesser of (i) the Borrowing Base and (ii) the Maximum Note Amount. If at any time and for any reason, the outstanding unpaid principal balance of the Notes exceeds the Maximum Note Amount, Issuer shall promptly, and in any event within five (5) Business Days, without the necessity of any notice or demand, whether or not an Early Wind-Down Trigger Event, Default or Event of Default has occurred or is continuing, prepay the principal balance of the Notes in an amount equal to the difference between the then aggregate outstanding principal balance of the Notes and the Maximum Note Amount. If, on any date of measurement, and for any reason, the outstanding unpaid principal balance of the Notes exceeds the Borrowing Base (including due to any Eligible Receivable thereafter failing to meet the eligibility criteria and becoming ineligible), then Issuer shall, without the necessity of any notice or demand, whether or not an Early Wind-Down Trigger Event, Default or Event of Default has occurred or is continuing, either x prepay the principal balance of the Notes in an amount equal to the difference between the then aggregate outstanding principal balance of the Notes and the Borrowing Base, y if during the Revolving Period, increase the aggregate principal amount of Eligible Receivables pledged to Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties in accordance with this Agreement, or (z) effect some combination of clauses (x) and (y), so that the Borrowing Base is equal to or exceeds the then outstanding principal balance of the Notes; provided , however , if the outstanding principal amount of the Notes exceeds the Borrowing Base as a result of the failure of a Receivable to meet the 
 43 

definition of Eligible Receivable as a result of a Level Two Regulatory Event, Issuer shall have thirty (30) calendar days after the earlier of its discovery or receipt of notice thereof to comply with this clause solely with respect to such Receivable. The pledge and delivery to Collateral Agent of additional Eligible Receivables shall comply with the document delivery requirements set forth in this Agreement, including Section 4.2 , as applicable, and shall be accompanied by a certification from Issuer that demonstrates that after giving effect to the pledge to Collateral Agent of such additional Eligible Receivables, the outstanding unpaid principal balance of the Notes is equal to or less than the Borrowing Base. For the avoidance of doubt, the Collateral Agent shall have no duty, responsibility or obligation to verify, confirm or prepare any certification required to be provided by the Issuer pursuant to this Section 2.6. 
 2.7	Protective Advances 
 Notwithstanding any provision of any Transaction Document, Administrative Agent, in its sole discretion shall have the right, but not any obligation, at any time that Issuer fails to do so and from time to time, without prior notice, to: (i) discharge (at Issuer s expense) Taxes or Liens affecting any of the Collateral that have not been paid in violation of any Transaction Document or that jeopardize the Collateral Agent s Lien priority in the Collateral, including any underlying collateral securing any Receivable; or (ii) during the continuance of an Event of Default, make any other payment (at Issuer s expense) for the administration, servicing, maintenance, preservation or protection of the Collateral, including any underlying collateral securing any Receivable (each such advance or payment set forth in clauses (i) and (ii), a Protective Advance ). Administrative Agent shall be reimbursed for all Protective Advances pursuant to Section 2.4 and any Protective Advances shall bear interest at the Default Rate from the date the Protective Advance is paid by Administrative Agent until it is repaid. No Protective Advance by Administrative Agent shall be construed as a waiver by Administrative Agent, or any Note Purchaser of any Default, Event of Default or any of the rights or remedies of Administrative Agent or any Note Purchaser. 
 2.8	Grant of Security Interest; Collateral 
 (a)	To secure the payment and performance of the Obligations, subject to Permitted Liens, Issuer hereby grants to Collateral Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, a valid and continuing first priority Lien upon all of Issuer s right, title, and interest, but not any obligations in, whether now owned or existing or hereafter from time to time acquired or coming into existence, in, to, and under all of Issuer s assets (collectively, the Collateral ), including: (i) all Receivables and all amounts due or to become due under the Receivables, (ii) all Portfolio Documents and all rights, remedies, powers, privileges, and claims, but not obligations, under the Portfolio Documents, (iii) subject to the Intercreditor Agreement, all funds and other property credited to the Collection Receipt Accounts, (iv) each of the Collateral Account and the ACH Sweep Account and all funds and other property credited to such accounts, (v) each Transfer Agreement, the Purchase and Sale Agreement, Servicing Agreement and the Backup Servicing Agreement and all rights, remedies, powers, privileges, and claims under those contracts, (vi) all Accounts, General Intangibles, Chattel Paper, Instruments, Documents, Goods, money and any rights to the payment of money or other forms of consideration of any kind, accounts, Investment Property, letters of credit, Letter-of-Credit Rights, Contract Rights, Contracts (as defined in Article 1 of the UCC), Supporting Obligations, Equipment, Inventory, Fixtures, computer hardware, 
 44 

Software, securities, Permits, intellectual property, and oil, gas and other minerals, (vii) all other personal property and other types of property of Issuer, and (viii) all Proceeds of all of the foregoing and all other types of property of Issuer. 
 (b)	Issuer has full right and power to grant to Collateral Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, a first priority Lien on the Collateral pursuant to this Agreement, subject to Permitted Liens. Upon the execution and delivery of this Agreement, and upon the filing of the necessary financing statements and other documents and the taking of all other necessary action, Collateral Agent will have a valid and first priority perfected Lien on the Collateral, subject to no transfer or other restrictions or Liens of any kind in favor of any other Person other than Permitted Liens. As of the Closing Date, no financing statement naming Issuer as debtor and describing any of the Collateral is on file in any public office except those naming Collateral Agent as secured party and those related to the Permitted Liens. As of the Closing Date, Issuer is not party to any agreement, document or instrument that conflicts with this Section 2.8 . 
 (c)	Issuer hereby authorizes Administrative Agent to prepare and file financing statements provided for by the UCC and to take such other action as may be required in order to perfect and to continue the perfection of Collateral Agent s Lien on the Collateral unless prohibited by law and subject to Permitted Liens. 
 2.9	Collateral Administration 
 (a)	All tangible Collateral (except tangible Collateral in the possession of Backup Servicer will at all times be kept by Issuer or Servicer at the locations set forth in Section 5.15 of Schedule A attached hereto, and shall not, without thirty (30) calendar days prior written notice to Administrative Agent and Collateral Agent, be moved therefrom other than to another such location, and in any case shall not be moved outside the continental United States. All Receivables constituting Collateral, shall, regardless of their location, be deemed to be under Collateral Agent s dominion and control and deemed to be in Collateral Agent s possession. In addition to any provision of any Transaction Document, Collateral Agent shall have the right at all times after the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default (i) to notify Account Debtors and/or Servicer that all Receivables of Issuer including, if to Account Debtors, their Receivables have been assigned to Collateral Agent and that all collections from such Receivables shall be paid directly to Collateral Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, and (ii) to charge Issuer for any collection costs and expenses, including reasonable attorney s fees, incurred by Collateral Agent. 
 (b)	As and when determined by Administrative Agent in its sole discretion, Administrative Agent will perform the searches described in clauses (i) and (ii) below against Issuer, Holdings, and Originators: (i) UCC searches with the Secretary of State and local filing offices of each jurisdiction where any such Person is organized; and (ii) judgment, federal tax lien and corporate and partnership tax lien searches, in each jurisdiction where any such Person maintains their executive offices, a place of business or any assets. 
 (c)	Issuer shall, or shall require Servicer to, keep accurate and complete records of the Collateral and all payments and collections thereon and shall submit to Administrative Agent and Collateral Agent such records on such periodic basis as Administrative Agent or Collateral Agent may request in their reasonable discretion. 
 45 

(d)	Issuer shall, or shall require Servicer to, upon the receipt of written notice from Administrative Agent following the occurrence and continuation of an Event of Default, cooperate with Administrative Agent, if Administrative Agent elects to attach or associate in electronic format a legend, stamp, notation or other identification to all or any portion of the Portfolio Documents to evidence the pledge thereof to Collateral Agent, such legend, stamp, notation or other identification shall be in form and substance acceptable to Administrative Agent in its sole discretion. 
 (e)	In respect of the portion of the Collateral consisting of any Receivable which is evidenced by an electronic record that is a transferable record as defined in Section 16 of the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act (as in effect in any relevant jurisdiction), Issuer shall, or shall require each Servicer to, deliver to Collateral Agent the control of such transferable electronic record in accordance with Applicable Law, including the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act as in effect in any relevant jurisdiction (to ensure, among other things, that Collateral Agent has a first priority perfected Lien in such Collateral), which shall be delivered, at Issuer s expense, to Collateral Agent at its address as set forth herein or as otherwise specified by Collateral Agent and, except as otherwise expressly provided herein to the contrary, held in Collateral Agent s possession, custody, and control until all of the Obligations have been fully satisfied or Administrative Agent expressly agrees to release such documents. Alternatively, Collateral Agent, at the written direction of the Administrative Agent, may elect for the Servicer, Originator or any other agent to accept delivery of and maintain possession, custody, and control of all such documents and any instruments on behalf of Collateral Agent during such period of time. Issuer shall identify (or shall cause Originators and/or Servicer to identify) on the related electronic record the pledge of such Receivable by Issuer to Collateral Agent. 
 (f)	Issuer hereby agrees to, and shall require Enova, Holdings, Originator, any purchaser under a Transfer Agreement and/or Servicer, to take all applicable protective actions to prevent destruction of records pertaining to the Collateral in accordance with each Servicing Agreement. Subject to the limitations set forth in Section 6.7 of this Agreement and the Backup Servicing Agreement, as applicable, Administrative Agent at all times shall have the right to access and review any and all Portfolio Documents in Issuer s, Backup Servicer s, Originator s and/or Servicer s possession and any and all data and other information relating to Portfolio Documents as may from time to time be input to or stored within Issuer s, Backup Servicer s, Originator s or Servicer s computers and/or computer records including, without limitation, diskettes, tapes and other computer software and computer systems. 
 2.10	Power of Attorney 
 Issuer hereby agrees and acknowledges that Administrative Agent is hereby irrevocably made, constituted and appointed the true and lawful attorney for Issuer (without requiring Agent to act as such) with full power of substitution to do the following: (i) indorse the name of Issuer upon any and all checks, drafts, money orders and other instruments for the payment of money that are payable to Issuer and constitute collections on the Receivables; (ii) execute and/or file in the name of Issuer any financing statements, amendments to financing statements, schedules to financing statements, releases or terminations thereof, assignments, instruments or documents that it is obligated to execute and/or file under any of the Transaction Documents (to the extent Issuer fails to so execute and/or file any of the foregoing within two (2) Business Days of Administrative 
 46 

Agent s request or the time when Issuer is otherwise obligated to do so); (iii) execute and/or file in the name of Issuer assignments, instruments, documents, schedules and statements that it is obligated to give Agent under any of the Transaction Documents (to the extent Issuer fails to so execute and/or file any of the foregoing within two (2) Business Days of Administrative Agent s request or the time when Issuer is otherwise obligated to do so) and (iv) do such other and further acts and deeds in the name of Issuer that Administrative Agent may deem necessary to make, create, maintain, continue, enforce or perfect Note Purchasers Lien on or rights in any Collateral. In addition, if Issuer breaches its obligation hereunder to direct Collections to the Collection Receipt Accounts, Administrative Agent, as the irrevocably made, constituted and appointed true and lawful attorney for such Person pursuant to this paragraph, may, by the signature or other act of any of Administrative Agent s officers or authorized signatories (without requiring any of them to do so), direct any federal, state or private payor or fiscal intermediary to pay Collections to the Collection Receipt Accounts or another account designated in writing by Administrative Agent. 
 2.11	Collateral Account 
 (a)	 Collateral Account . Deposits made into the Collateral Account shall be limited to amounts deposited therein by Issuer, Servicer or any Account Debtor in accordance with this Agreement. 
 (b)	 Withdrawals from the Collateral Account . Paying Agent shall, to the extent approved in writing by Administrative Agent, have the sole and exclusive right to withdraw or order a transfer of funds from the Collateral Account, in all events in accordance with the terms and provisions of this Agreement. Notwithstanding anything in the foregoing to the contrary, Paying Agent shall comply with any request of Issuer or Servicer to withdraw or order transfers of funds from the Collateral Account, to the extent such funds either (i) have been mistakenly deposited into the Collateral Account or (ii) relate to items subsequently returned for insufficient funds or as a result of stop payments. In the case of any withdrawal or transfer pursuant to the foregoing sentence, Issuer shall, or shall direct Servicer to provide Administrative Agent and Paying Agent with notice of such request of withdrawal or transfer, together with reasonable supporting details, five (5) Business Days prior to the date on which such requested withdrawal or transfer will occur. Issuer shall require Servicer to deposit all proceeds of the Collateral processed by Servicer to the Collateral Account in accordance with Section 2.3 hereof. On each Payment Date, amounts in the Collateral Account shall be applied by the Paying Agent to make the payments and disbursements described in Section 2.4 and this Section 2.11 . Paying Agent shall, subject to customary and standard customer diligence and Paying Agent s treasury management process and procedures, provide Issuer and Servicer with on-line access to view account related activity such as deposits to and withdrawals from the Collateral Account. Following the occurrence of and continuance of an Event of Default, Paying Agent shall not comply with any instructions from any Person other than the Administrative Agent and its designated agents. 
 (c)	 Irrevocable Deposit . Any deposit made into the Collateral Account hereunder shall, except as otherwise provided herein, be irrevocable, and the amount of such deposit and any money, instruments, investment property or other property on deposit in, carried in or credited to the Collateral Account hereunder and all interest thereon shall be held in trust by Collateral Agent and applied solely as provided herein. 
 47 

III.	FEES AND OTHER CHARGES 
 3.1	Computation of Fees; Lawful Limits 
 All fees hereunder shall be computed on the basis of a 360-day year and shall be payable for the actual number of days elapsed. In no contingency or event whatsoever, whether by reason of acceleration or otherwise, shall the interest and other charges paid or agreed to be paid to Administrative Agent, for the benefit of itself and the other Note Purchasers, for the use, forbearance or detention of money hereunder exceed the maximum rate permissible under Applicable Law which a court of competent jurisdiction shall, in a final determination, deem applicable hereto. If, due to any circumstance whatsoever, fulfillment of any provision hereof, at the time performance of such provision shall be due, shall exceed any such limit, then the obligation to be so fulfilled shall be reduced to such lawful limit, and, if Administrative Agent or Note Purchasers shall have received interest or any other charges of any kind which might be deemed to be interest under Applicable Law in excess of the such maximum rate, then such excess shall be applied first to any unpaid fees and charges hereunder, then to unpaid principal balance owed by Issuer hereunder, and if the then remaining excess interest is greater than the previously unpaid principal balance, Administrative Agent and Note Purchasers shall promptly refund such excess amount to Issuer and the provisions hereof shall be deemed amended to provide for such permissible rate. The terms and provisions of this Section 3.1 shall control to the extent any other provision of any Transaction Document is inconsistent herewith. 
 3.2	Default Rate of Interest 
 Upon the occurrence and during the continuation of an Event of Default, the Interest Rate then in effect at such time with respect to the Obligations shall be increased by two percent (2 per annum (the Default Rate ). Interest at the Default Rate shall accrue from the initial date of such Event of Default until such Event of Default is waived or ceases to continue, and shall be payable upon demand. 
 3.3	Increased Costs; Capital Adequacy 
 (a)	If any Change in Law shall: 
 (i)	impose, modify or deem applicable any reserve, special deposit, liquidity or similar requirement (including any compulsory loan requirement, insurance charge or other assessment) against assets of, deposits with or for the account of, or credit extended by, any Note Purchaser; 
 (ii)	impose on any Note Purchaser or the London interbank market any other condition, cost or expense (other than Taxes) affecting this Agreement or Note Fundings made by such Note Purchaser or participation therein; or 
 (iii)	subject any Recipient to any Taxes (other than (A) Indemnified Taxes, (B) Taxes described in clauses (b) through (d) of the definition of Excluded Taxes and (C) Connection Income Taxes) on its notes, note principal, letters of credit, commitments, or other obligations, or its deposits, reserves, other liabilities or capital attributable thereto; 
 48 

and the result of any of the foregoing shall be to increase the cost to such Note Purchaser or such other Recipient of funding any Note or of maintaining its obligation to fund any such Note or to reduce the amount of any sum received or receivable by such Note Purchaser or such other Recipient hereunder, whether of principal, interest or otherwise, then Issuer will pay to such Note Purchaser or such other Recipient, as the case may be, such additional amount or amounts as will compensate such Note Purchaser or such other Recipient, as the case may be, for such additional costs incurred or reduction suffered. 
 (b)	If any Note Purchaser determines that any Change in Law regarding capital or liquidity requirements has or would have the effect of reducing the rate of return on such Note Purchaser s capital or on the capital of such Note Purchaser s holding company, if any, as a consequence of this Agreement or the Notes below that which such Note Purchaser such Note Purchaser s holding company could have achieved but for such Change in Law (taking into consideration such Note Purchaser s policies and the policies of such Note Purchaser s holding company with respect to capital adequacy and liquidity), then from time to time Issuer will pay to such Note Purchaser such additional amount or amounts as will compensate such Note Purchaser or such Note Purchaser s holding company for any such reduction suffered. 
 (c)	A certificate of a Note Purchaser setting forth the amount or amounts necessary to compensate such Note Purchaser or its holding company, as the case may be, as specified in paragraph (a) or (b) of this Section, and a description of the cause and a calculation of the increased cost of funding to the Note Purchaser, shall be delivered to Issuer and shall be conclusive absent manifest error. Issuer shall pay such Note Purchaser the amount shown as due on any such certificate within ten (10) Business Days after receipt thereof. 
 (d)	Failure or delay on the part of any Note Purchaser to demand compensation pursuant to this Section shall not constitute a waiver of such Note Purchaser s right to demand such compensation; provided that Issuer shall not be required to compensate a Note Purchaser pursuant to this Section for any increased costs or reductions incurred more than 360 days prior to the date that such Note Purchaser notifies Issuer of the Change in Law giving rise to such increased costs or reductions and of such Note Purchaser s intention to claim compensation therefor; provided further that, if the Change in Law giving rise to such increased costs or reductions is retroactive, then the 360-day period referred to above shall be extended to include the period of retroactive effect thereof. 
 
 3.4	Administrative Agent Fee 
 (a)	 Administrative Agent Fee . Pursuant to Section 2.4 hereof, Issuer shall pay to Administrative Agent, on each Payment Date, the Administrative Agent Fee due and payable on such Payment Date. 
 IV.	CONDITIONS PRECEDENT 
 49 

4.1	Conditions to Closing 
 The obligations of Administrative Agent, Collateral Agent, Paying Agent and Note Purchasers to consummate the transactions contemplated herein are subject to the satisfaction (or waiver), in the sole judgment of Administrative Agent, of the following: 
 (a)	(i) Issuer shall have delivered to Administrative Agent the Transaction Documents to which it or any Affiliate of Issuer is a party, each duly executed by a Responsible Officer of Issuer and the other parties thereto, and (ii) each other Person shall have delivered to Administrative Agent the Transaction Documents to which it is a party, each duly executed and delivered by such Person and the other parties thereto; 
 (b)	all in form and substance satisfactory to Administrative Agent in its sole discretion, Administrative Agent shall have received (i) a report of UCC financing statement, tax and judgment lien searches performed with respect to Issuer, Originators and Holdings in each jurisdiction determined by Administrative Agent in its sole discretion, and such report shall show no Liens on the Collateral (other than Permitted Liens), (ii) each document (including any UCC financing statement) required by any Transaction Document or under law or requested by Administrative Agent to be filed, registered or recorded to create, in favor of Collateral Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, a first priority and perfected security interest upon the Collateral, and (iii) evidence of each such filing, registration or recordation and of the payment by Issuer of any necessary fee, tax or expense relating thereto; 
 (c)	Administrative Agent shall have received (i) the Charter and Good Standing Documents of Issuer, Holdings and Enova, all in form and substance acceptable to Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion, (ii) a certificate of the secretary or assistant secretary of each of Issuer, Holdings and Enova in his or her capacity as such and not in his or her individual capacity dated the Closing Date, as to the incumbency and signature of the Persons executing the Transaction Documents on behalf of such Person in form and substance acceptable to Administrative Agent in its sole discretion, and (iii) a certificate executed by an authorized officer of Issuer, which shall constitute a representation and warranty by Issuer as of the Closing Date that the conditions contained in this Agreement have been satisfied; 
 (d)	Administrative Agent shall have received the written legal opinions of (i) Issuer s in-house counsel with respect to corporate authority and related matters, (ii) Issuer s outside legal counsel with respect to enforceability, debt-for-tax, Investment Company Act, true sale and non-consolidation, (iii) Collateral Agent and Paying Agent s outside counsel with respect to enforceability, and (iv) Backup Servicer s outside counsel with respect to enforceability, all in form and substance satisfactory to Administrative Agent and its counsel; 
 (e)	Administrative Agent shall have received a certificate of the chief financial officer (or, in the absence of a chief financial officer, the chief executive officer) of Issuer, in his or her capacity as such and not in his or her individual capacity, in form and substance satisfactory to Administrative Agent in its sole discretion (each, a Solvency Certificate ), certifying (i) the solvency of Issuer, after giving effect to the transactions and the Indebtedness contemplated by the Transaction Documents, and (ii) as to Issuer s financial resources and anticipated ability to meet its obligations and liabilities as they become due, to the effect that as of the Closing Date, and after 
 50 

giving effect to such transaction and Indebtedness: (A) the assets of Issuer, individually and on a consolidated basis, at a Fair Valuation, exceed the Total Liabilities (including contingent, subordinated, unmatured and unliquidated liabilities) of Issuer, and (B) no unreasonably small capital base with which to engage in its anticipated business exists with respect to Issuer; 
 (f)	 Administrative Agent shall have completed examinations, the results of which shall be satisfactory in form and substance to Administrative Agent, of Issuer, including, without limitation, (i) an examination of background checks with respect to the managers, officers and owners of Issuer, Enova and Servicer and (ii) an examination of the Collateral, and Issuer shall have demonstrated to Administrative Agent s satisfaction, in its sole discretion, that (x) the forms of Portfolio Documents used by each Originator comply, in all respects deemed material by Administrative Agent, in its sole discretion, with all Applicable Law and (y) no operations of Issuer, Originator or Servicer are the subject of any governmental investigation, evaluation or any remedial action which reasonably could be expected to result in it being unable to perform its obligations in connection with these transactions, and (z) Issuer has no other liabilities or obligations (whether contingent or otherwise) that are deemed material by Administrative Agent, in its reasonable discretion; 
 (g)	Administrative Agent shall have received (or is satisfied that it will receive simultaneously with the funding of the initial Note Funding) all fees, charges and expenses due and payable to Administrative Agent and Note Purchasers on or prior to the Closing Date pursuant to the Transaction Documents; 
 (h)	all corporate and other proceedings, documents, instruments and other legal matters in connection with the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents (including those relating to corporate and capital structures of Issuer) shall be satisfactory to Administrative Agent in its sole discretion; 
 (i)	(i) no default (after any applicable grace or cure period has expired or been cancelled) shall exist pursuant to any obligations of Issuer, if any, under any material contract, and Issuer shall be in compliance with all Applicable Laws, (ii) no Early Wind-Down Trigger Event or Event of Default shall exist and be continuing under this Agreement or any other Transaction Document and (iii) there shall exist no fact, condition or circumstance which, with the passage of time, the giving of notice or both, could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect; 
 (j)	none of Issuer, Enova or Servicer, or to the knowledge of Issuer, the Originators, shall have been indicted or be under active investigation for a felony crime that is reasonably likely to result in a Material Adverse Effect; 
 (k)	 Administrative Agent shall have received a fully executed Accession Agreement with respect to the Intercreditor Agreement, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Administrative Agent; 
 (l)	Administrative Agent shall have received evidence of release and termination of, or Administrative Agent s authority to release and terminate, any and all Liens and/or UCC 
 51 

financing statements in, on, against or with respect to any of the Collateral (other than Permitted Liens) ; 
 (m)	the Liens in favor of the Collateral Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, shall have been duly perfected and shall constitute first priority Liens, and the Collateral shall be free and clear of all Liens other than Liens in favor of the Collateral Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, in all cases subject to Permitted Liens; and 
 (n)	Administrative Agent shall have received such other documents and items as Administrative Agent deems necessary, in its reasonable discretion. 
 4.2	Conditions to Note Fundings 
 (a)	The obligations of Note Purchasers to make any Note Fundings, including, but not limited to, the Initial Note Funding, during the Revolving Period are subject to the satisfaction (or waiver), in the sole judgment of Administrative Agent, of the following: 
 (i)	Issuer shall have delivered to Administrative Agent, not later than 12:59 p.m. (New York City time) on the date that is two (2) Business Days prior to the proposed date for such requested Note Funding, an irrevocable request for advance in the form of Exhibit D hereto (a Request for Note Funding ), and a Borrowing Base Certificate for such Note Funding with necessary supporting documentation executed by a Responsible Officer of Issuer, which shall constitute a representation and warranty by Issuer as of the date of such Note Funding that the conditions contained in this Section 4.2 , have been satisfied; 
 (ii)	each of the representations and warranties made by Issuer in or pursuant to the Transaction Documents shall be accurate in all material respects before and after giving effect to the making of such Note Funding (except for those representations and warranties made as of a specific date), Issuer shall be in compliance with all covenants, agreements and obligations under the Transaction Documents, and no Early Wind-Down Trigger Event, Default or Event of Default shall have occurred or be continuing or would exist after giving effect to the requested Note Funding on such date; 
 (iii)	immediately after giving effect to the requested Note Funding, the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the Notes shall not exceed the lesser of (i) the Maximum Note Amount and (ii) the Borrowing Base; 
 (iv)	Administrative Agent shall have received all fees, charges and expenses to the extent due and payable to Administrative Agent and Note Purchasers on or prior to such date pursuant to the Transaction Documents; 
 (v)	there shall not have occurred any Material Adverse Change; 
 (vi)	no Receivable proposed to be pledged as Collateral for the first time (i.e. not already included in a Borrowing Base calculation as of the date of the proposed Note Funding) shall, at the time of the proposed Note Funding, be subject to a Regulatory Event on or after giving effect to the requested Note Funding on such date (for the 
 52 

avoidance of doubt, any Receivable that Issuer purchases that is otherwise subject to a Regulatory Event will not violate the condition precedent in this Section 4.2(a)(vii) unless such Receivable is included in the calculation of the Borrowing Base); 
 (vii)	the Administrative Agent shall have received from the Issuer and the Administrative Agent shall be in possession of the original Note; and 
 (viii)	all other documents requested by Administrative Agent and legal matters in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement shall have been delivered, executed, or recorded and shall be in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Administrative Agent. 
 (b)	Promptly following receipt of a Request for a Note Funding in accordance with Section 4.2(a) and all other deliverables described therein, Administrative Agent shall advise each Note Purchaser of the details thereof and of the amount of such Note Purchaser s Note Funding requested to be made as a part of the requested Note Funding. Each Note Purchaser shall make the Initial Note Funding to be made by it, and each Additional Note Funding agreed to be made by it, hereunder on the proposed date thereof by wire transfer of immediately available funds by 12:00 noon (New York City time) to the account of Administrative Agent most recently designated by it for such purpose by notice to Note Purchasers. Unless Agent shall have received notice from a Note Purchaser prior to the proposed date of any Note Funding that such Note Purchaser will not make available to Administrative Agent such Note Purchaser s share of such Note Funding, Administrative Agent may assume that such Note Purchaser has made such share available on such date in accordance with the previous sentence and may, in reliance upon such assumption, make available to Issuer a corresponding amount. In lieu of the foregoing, Administrative Agent may, on behalf of any Note Purchaser, make the Initial Note Funding or make any Additional Note Funding to which such Note Purchaser has agreed hereunder upon satisfaction of the provisions of Section 4.2(a) . Each Note Purchaser shall, upon demand, reimburse Administrative Agent for such Note Purchaser s Applicable Percentage of each such Note Funding. In such event, if a Note Purchaser has not in fact made its share of the applicable Note Funding available to Administrative Agent, then the applicable Note Purchaser and Issuer severally agree to pay to Administrative Agent forthwith on demand such corresponding amount with interest thereon, for each day from and including the date such amount is made available to Issuer to but excluding the date of payment to Administrative Agent, at (i) in the case of such Note Purchaser, the greater of the Federal Funds Rate and a rate determined by Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation or (ii) in the case of Issuer, the interest rate applicable to the Notes generally. If such Note Purchaser pays such amount to Administrative Agent, then such amount shall constitute such Note Purchaser s Applicable Percentage of such Note Funding. No Note Purchaser shall be obligated to make a Note Funding on behalf of another Note Purchaser. 
 V.	REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 
 Issuer represents and warrants as of the Closing Date and as of the date of each Note Funding as follows: 
 53 

5.1	Organization and Authority 
 Issuer is a limited liability company, duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of its state of organization. Issuer (a) has all requisite power and authority to own its properties and assets (including, without limitation, the Collateral) and to carry on its business as now being conducted and as contemplated in the Transaction Documents, and (b) is duly qualified to do business in the jurisdictions set forth in Section 5.1 of Schedule A attached hereto, which are all of the jurisdictions in which failure to so qualify could reasonably be likely to have or result in a Material Adverse Effect. Issuer has all requisite power and authority (i) to execute, deliver and perform the Transaction Documents to which it is a party, (ii) to acquire the Receivables and other Collateral under the Purchase and Sale Agreement, (iii) to consummate the transactions contemplated under the Transaction Documents to which it is a party, and (iv) to grant the Liens with regard to the Collateral pursuant to the Security Documents to which it is a party. Issuer has no other operations or business other than owning the Receivables. Issuer is not an investment company registered or required to be registered under the Investment Company Act nor controlled by such an investment company. No transaction contemplated in this Agreement or the other Transaction Documents requires compliance with any bulk sales act or similar law. 
 5.2	Transaction Documents 
 The execution, delivery and performance by Issuer of the Transaction Documents to which it is a party, and the consummation by Issuer of the transactions contemplated thereby, (a) have been duly authorized by all requisite action of Issuer and have been duly executed and delivered to Administrative Agent by Issuer; (b) do not violate any material provisions of (i) any Applicable Law or, order of any Governmental Authority binding on Issuer or any of its properties, or (ii) the operating agreement (or any other equivalent governing agreement or document) of Issuer, or any agreement between Issuer and its equity owners or among any such equity owners; (c) are not in conflict with, and do not result in a breach or default of or constitute an event of default, or, to the knowledge of Issuer, an event, fact, condition or circumstance which, with notice or passage of time, or both, would constitute or result in a conflict, breach, default or event of default under, any indenture, agreement or other instrument to which Issuer is a party, or by which the properties or assets of Issuer is bound; (d) except as set forth herein or therein, will not result in the creation or imposition of any Lien (other than any Permitted Liens) upon any of the properties or assets of Issuer, and (e) except for filings in connection with the perfection of Collateral Agent s Liens, do not require the consent, approval or authorization of, or filing, registration or qualification with, any Governmental Authority or any other Person that has not been obtained except where the failure to so obtain could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. When executed and delivered, each of the Transaction Documents will constitute the legal, valid and binding obligation of Issuer, enforceable against Issuer in accordance with its terms, subject to the effect of any applicable bankruptcy, moratorium, insolvency, reorganization or other similar law affecting the enforceability of creditors rights generally and to the effect of general principles of equity (whether in a proceeding at law or in equity). The Purchase and Sale Agreement is the only agreement pursuant to which Issuer purchases the Receivables and the related Collateral, unless otherwise mutually agreed to in writing by Issuer and Administrative Agent. Issuer has furnished to the Administrative Agent true, correct and complete copies of the Purchase and Sale Agreement, the Republic Bank Purchase and Sale Agreement, the Republic Bank Program Agreement, the TAB Bank Participation Agreement and the TAB Bank Program Agreement. There is no provision 
 54 

in the Purchase and Sale Agreement or any Bank Program Purchase and Sale Agreement (pursuant to which Receivables owned by Issuer have been acquired) that would restrict the ability of Issuer to collaterally assign its rights thereunder to Collateral Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties. Each purchase by NetCredit Finance, LLC under a Bank Program Purchase and Sale Agreement constitutes a sale enforceable against creditors of the applicable Bank Partner. 
 5.3	Subsidiaries, Capitalization and Ownership Interests 
 Issuer has no Subsidiaries as of the Closing Date, and 100 of the outstanding equity interest in Issuer is directly owned (both beneficially and of record) by Holdings. The outstanding ownership or Voting Interests of Issuer have been duly authorized and validly issued. Section 5.3 of Schedule A attached hereto, includes, as of the Closing Date, all administrators, managers or managing members or directors of Issuer, Holdings and Enova, and an organizational chart of Enova and its Subsidiaries. Except as disclosed pursuant to Section 5.16 , Issuer does not (i) own any Investment Property or (ii) own any interest or participate or engage in any joint venture, partnership or similar arrangements with any Person. Except as set forth in Section 5.3 of Schedule A attached hereto, no Person directly owns greater than twenty-five percent (25 of the outstanding Equity Interests of Enova. 
 5.4	Receivables 
 Issuer is the lawful owner of, and has good title to, each Receivable, free and clear of any Liens (other than the Lien of this Agreement and any Permitted Liens). 
 5.5	Other Agreements 
 Issuer is not (a) a party to any judgment, order or decree or any agreement, document or instrument, or subject to any restriction, which is reasonably expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on its ability to execute and deliver, or perform under, any Transaction Document or to pay the Obligations or (b) in default in the performance, observance or fulfillment of any obligation, covenant or condition contained in any agreement, document or instrument to which it is a party or to which any of its properties or assets are subject, which default, if not remedied within any applicable grace or cure period, could reasonably be expected to be, have or result in a Material Adverse Effect, nor is there any event, fact, condition or circumstance which, with notice or passage of time or both, would constitute or result in a conflict, breach, default or event of default under, any of the foregoing which, if not remedied within any applicable grace or cure period could reasonably be expected to be, have or result in a Material Adverse Effect . 
 5.6	Litigation 
 Except as set forth in Section 5.6 of Schedule A attached hereto, (a) neither Issuer, Enova, nor, to Issuer s knowledge, Servicer or any Originator is a party to any material pending or, to Issuer s knowledge, threatened action, suit, proceeding or investigation related to the business of Issuer, (b) there is no pending or, to the knowledge of Issuer, threatened action, suit, proceeding or investigation involving Issuer or any Collateral, and, to Issuer s knowledge, there is no pending or threatened action, suit, proceeding or investigation involving Servicer or each Originator or their respective businesses, in any case that could reasonably be expected to prevent or materially 
 55 

delay the consummation by Issuer, each Originator or Servicer of the transactions contemplated herein, (c) Issuer is not a party or subject to any order, writ, injunction, judgment or decree of any Governmental Authority, nor is there any action, suit, proceeding, inquiry or investigation by any Governmental Authority, in either case, that could reasonably be expected to prevent or materially delay the consummation by Issuer or Enova of the transactions contemplated herein, and (d) Issuer has had no existing accrued and/or unpaid penalties, fines or sanctions imposed by and owing to any Governmental Authority or any other governmental payor. 
 5.7	Financial Statements and Reports 
 Any financial statements and financial information relating to Issuer or Enova that may hereafter be delivered to Administrative Agent by Issuer (a) are consistent with the books of account and records of Issuer or Enova, as applicable, (b) have been prepared in accordance with GAAP, on a consistent basis throughout the indicated periods, except that the unaudited financial statements contain no footnotes or year-end adjustments, and (c) present fairly in all material respects the financial condition, assets and liabilities and results of operations of Issuer or Enova, as applicable, at the dates and for the relevant periods indicated in accordance with GAAP on a basis consistently applied. Issuer does not have any material obligations or liabilities of any kind required to be disclosed therein that are not disclosed in such financial statements, and since the date of the most recent financial statements submitted to Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 6.1 , there has not occurred any Material Adverse Change or Material Adverse Effect or, to Issuer s knowledge, any other event or condition that could reasonably be expected to be, have or result in a Material Adverse Effect. 
 5.8	Compliance with Law 
 Except as set forth in Section 5.8 of Schedule A attached hereto, Issuer, Enova, and to Issuer s knowledge, Servicer and each Originator (in the case of Originators and Servicer, solely with respect to the Receivables, or the sale, purchase or origination thereof, as applicable) (a) are in compliance with all Applicable Laws, and (b) are not in violation of any order of any Governmental Authority, except, in the case of both (a) and (b), where noncompliance or violation could not reasonably be expected to be, have or result in a Material Adverse Effect. Neither Issuer, Enova, nor to Issuer s knowledge, each Originator or Servicer (in the case of Originators and Servicer, solely with respect to the Receivables or the sale, purchase or origination thereof, as applicable) have received any notice that Issuer, Servicer or each Originator is not in material compliance in any respect with any of the requirements of any of the foregoing. Issuer has not established and does not maintain or contribute to any benefit plan that is covered by Title IV of ERISA. Issuer, Enova, and to Issuer s knowledge, each Originator and Servicer have maintained in all material respects all records required to be maintained by any applicable Governmental Authority. Since its formation, Issuer has not engaged, directly or indirectly, in any business other than the activities set forth herein and in the Purchase and Sale Agreement and the other Transaction Documents. 
 5.9	Licenses and Permits 
 Issuer, Enova, and to Issuer s knowledge, Servicer and each Originator (in the case of Servicer and each Originator solely with respect to the Receivables or the sale, purchase or 
 56 

origination thereof, as applicable) are in compliance with and have all Permits necessary or required by Applicable Law or any Governmental Authority for the operation of their respective businesses as presently conducted and as proposed to be conducted except where noncompliance, violation or lack thereof is not reasonably expected to have or result in a Material Adverse Effect. 
 5.10	No Default; Solvency 
 There does not exist any Default or Event of Default. Issuer is and, after giving effect to the transactions and the incurrence of Indebtedness contemplated by the Transaction Documents, will be solvent and able to meet its obligations and liabilities as they become due. 
 5.11	Disclosure 
 No Transaction Document nor any other agreement, schedule document, certificate, or written statement furnished to Administrative Agent and Note Purchasers and prepared by or on behalf of Issuer in connection with the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents, nor any representation or warranty made by Issuer in any Transaction Document, contains any untrue statement of material fact or omits to state any fact necessary to make the factual statements therein taken as a whole not materially misleading in light of the circumstances under which it was furnished. There is no fact known to Issuer which has not been disclosed to Administrative Agent in writing which could reasonably be expected to be, have or result in a Material Adverse Effect. 
 5.12	Existing Indebtedness; Investments, Guarantees and Certain Contracts 
 Issuer does not (a) have any outstanding Indebtedness, except Indebtedness under the Transaction Documents, or (b) own or hold any equity investments in, or have any outstanding guarantees for, the obligations of any other Person, except as permitted under Section 7.1 . 
 5.13	Affiliated Agreements 
 Except as set forth in Section 5.13 of Schedule A attached hereto, there are no existing or proposed agreements or transactions between Issuer, on the one hand, and Issuer s members, managers, administrators, trustees, managing members, investors, officers, directors, stockholders, other equity holders, employees, or Affiliates or any members of their respective families, on the other hand. 
 5.14	Reserved 
 5.15	Names; Location of Offices, Records and Collateral 
 Neither Issuer nor any of its predecessors has conducted business under or used any name (whether corporate, partnership or assumed) other than as shown in Section 5.15 of Schedule A attached hereto. Issuer is (or Issuer s predecessors were) the sole owner(s) of all of its names listed in Section 5.15 of Schedule A attached hereto, and any and all business done in such names are Issuer s (or any such predecessors business. Issuer maintains, and since its inception, its predecessors maintained, respective places of business and chief executive office only at the locations set forth in Section 5.15 of Schedule A attached hereto or, after the Closing Date, as additionally disclosed to Administrative Agent in writing, and all copies of the Portfolio 
 57 

Documents and all books and records in connection therewith or in any way relating thereto are located and shall be only, in and at the locations set forth in Section 5.15 of Schedule A attached hereto (other than (i) Accounts, and (ii) Collateral in the possession or control of Collateral Agent, Servicer or Backup Servicer). All of the Portfolio Documents are located only in the continental United States. 
 5.16	Accounts and Investment Property 
 Section 5.16 of Schedule A attached hereto, lists all of Issuer s Accounts and Investment Property, as of the Closing Date. 
 5.17	Non-Subordination 
 The Obligations are not subordinated in any way to any other obligations of Issuer or to the rights of any other Person. 
 5.18	Receivables 
 (a)	With respect to each Receivable designated as an Eligible Receivable on any Borrowing Base Certificate, Issuer warrants and represents to Administrative Agent and Note Purchasers as of the date of delivery of each such Borrowing Base Certificate (or such other date as set forth in the definition of Eligible Receivables , as applicable) that: (i) such Receivable constitutes an Eligible Receivable, and (ii) in determining which Receivables are Eligible Receivables, Note Purchaser may rely upon all statements or representations made by Issuer. 
 (b)	All Receivables selected by Holdings and offered to be sold to Issuer pursuant to the Purchase and Sale Agreement from all other similar Receivables that are included in Enova s and its Subsidiaries pipeline of loans for acquisition were selected by Holdings at random and with no intention to select receivables that would be more adverse to Issuer, Administrative Agent, Note Purchasers or Holdings or its investors than those similar receivables; provided that selection procedures that merely reflect differing eligibility criteria and excess concentration limits between this Facility and other credit facilities shall not be deemed to violate this provision. 
 5.19	Servicing 
 Issuer has entered into the Servicing Agreement with Servicer pursuant to which Issuer has engaged Servicer, as servicer and as Issuer s agent, to monitor, manage, enforce and collect the applicable Receivables and disburse any collections in respect thereof as provided by the Servicing Agreement. 
 5.20	Legal Investments; Use of Proceeds 
 Issuer is not engaged in the business of extending credit for the purpose of purchasing or carrying any margin stock or margin security (within the meaning of Regulations T, U or X issued by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System), and no proceeds of the Notes will be used to purchase or carry any margin stock or margin security or to extend credit to others for the purpose of purchasing or carrying any margin stock or margin security. 
 58 

5.21	Broker s or Finder s Commissions 
 No broker s, finder s or placement fee or commission will be payable to any broker or agent engaged by Issuer or any of its officers, directors or agents with respect to the Notes or the transactions contemplated by this Agreement except for fees payable to Administrative Agent and Note Purchasers. Issuer agrees to indemnify Agent and hold each harmless from and against any claim, demand or liability for broker s, finder s or placement fees or similar commissions, whether or not payable by Issuer, alleged to have been incurred in connection with such transactions, other than any broker s or finder s fees payable to Persons engaged by Administrative Agent and/or Note Purchasers without the knowledge of Issuer. 
 5.22	Anti-Terrorism; OFAC 
 (a)	(i) Neither Issuer, nor any Person controlling or controlled by Issuer, nor any Person having a beneficial interest in Issuer, nor any Person for whom Issuer is acting as agent or nominee in connection with this transaction Transaction Persons (1) is a Person whose property or interest in property is blocked or subject to blocking pursuant to Section 1 of Executive Order 13224 of September 23, 2001 Blocking Property and Prohibiting Transactions With Persons Who Commit, Threaten to Commit, or Support Terrorism (66 Fed. Reg. 49079 (2001)), (2) engages in any dealings or transactions prohibited by Section 2 of such executive order, or is otherwise associated with any such Person in any manner violative of Section 2 of such executive order, or (3) is a Person on the list of Specially Designated Nationals and Blocked Persons or is in violation of the limitations or prohibitions under any other OFAC regulation or executive order. 
 (b)	No part of the proceeds of the Notes will be used, directly or indirectly, for any payments to any governmental official or employee, political party, official of a political party, candidate for political office, or anyone else acting in an official capacity, in order to obtain, retain or direct business or obtain any improper advantage, in violation of the United States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended. 
 (c)	Issuer acknowledges by executing this Agreement that Note Purchaser has notified Issuer that, pursuant to the requirements of the Patriot Act, Note Purchaser is required to obtain, verify and record such information as may be necessary to identify Issuer, or any Person owning twenty-five percent (25.00 or more of the direct or indirect Equity Interests of Issuer (including the name and address of such Person) in accordance with the Patriot Act. 
 5.23	Security Interest 
 Issuer has full right and power to grant to Collateral Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, a first priority security interest and Lien on the Collateral pursuant to this Agreement, subject to the following sentence. Upon the execution and delivery of this Agreement, and upon the filing of the necessary financing statements and/or appropriate filings and/or delivery of the necessary certificates evidencing an equity interest, control and/or possession, as applicable, without any further action, Collateral Agent will have a good, valid and first priority (other than with respect to property or assets covered by Permitted Liens) perfected Lien and security interest in the Collateral, subject to no transfer or other restrictions or Liens of any kind in favor of any other Person (other than Permitted Liens). As of the Closing Date, no financing statement naming 
 59 

Issuer as Debtor and relating to any of the Collateral is on file in any public office except those on behalf of Collateral Agent and those related to the Permitted Liens. As of the Closing Date, Issuer is not party to any agreement, document or instrument that conflicts with this Section 5.23 . 
 5.24	Survival 
 Issuer hereby makes the representations and warranties contained herein with the knowledge and intention that Administrative Agent and Note Purchasers are relying and will rely thereon. All such representations and warranties will survive the execution and delivery of this Agreement, the Closing and the making of any and all Note Fundings. 
 VI.	AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS 
 Issuer hereby covenants and agrees that, unless otherwise consented to by Administrative Agent in writing in its sole discretion, until the full performance and satisfaction, and indefeasible payment in full in cash, of all the Obligations (other than indemnity obligations of Issuer under the Transaction Documents that are not then due and payable or for which any events or claims that would give rise thereto are not then pending), the termination of the Revolving Commitments and termination of this Agreement: 
 6.1	 Financial Statements, Reports and Other Information 
 (a)	 Financial Reports . Issuer shall furnish to Administrative Agent each of the following: 
 (i)	as soon as available and, in any event, within thirty (30) calendar days after the end of each calendar quarter, quarterly financial statements of Issuer consisting of a balance sheet and statements of income as of the end of the immediately preceding monthly period; 
 (ii)	as soon as available and in any event within forty-five (45) calendar days after the end of each calendar quarter, Issuer will deliver the audited consolidated financial statements of Enova consisting of a balance sheet and statements of income as of the end of the immediately preceding period, for such period; provided , however , to the extent such financial statements are publicly filed with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission or otherwise made publicly available within such time period, then the foregoing requirement shall be deemed to be satisfied; and 
 (iii)	as soon as available and in any event within one hundred twenty (120) calendar days after the end of each fiscal year, audited consolidated financial statements of Enova, including the notes thereto, consisting of a balance sheet at the end of such completed fiscal year and the related statements of income, retained earnings, cash flows and owners equity for such completed fiscal year; provided , however , to the extent such financial statements are publicly filed with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission or otherwise made publicly available within such time period, then the foregoing requirement shall be deemed to be satisfied. 
 60 

(b)	 Monthly Collateral and Servicing Report . As soon as available, and in any event not later than fifteen (15) calendar days after the end of each calendar month (and if such day is not a Business Day, the next Business Day), Issuer or Servicer shall furnish to Administrative Agent, Paying Agent and Backup Servicer a report, in computer file form reasonably accessible and usable by Administrative Agent, Paying Agent and Backup Servicer, with respect to the Receivables pledged as Collateral, which report shall include, as of the end of the immediately preceding calendar month, (i) the information contained in the form of Monthly Collateral and Servicing Report attached hereto as Exhibit C and (ii) any other information with respect to the Collateral as Administrative Agent may reasonably request, all prepared by Issuer or Servicer and certified as to being true, correct and complete in all material respects by Issuer. For the avoidance of doubt, each such Monthly Collateral and Servicing Report shall include (i) the monthly Servicer report received by Issuer, (ii) a Borrowing Base Certificate dated as of the end of the most recent calendar month, (iii) a data tape with sufficient information for Administrative Agent to confirm that the information and calculations in each monthly Servicer report and Borrowing Base Certificate is true, correct and complete and (iv) information related to Eligible Receivables and cash flows, Excess Concentration Amounts, performance triggers, waterfall payments and Financial Covenant calculations, which shall be accurate as of the last day of the related Due Period. The Paying Agent shall be entitled to conclusively rely on such Monthly Collateral and Servicing Report without requirement for independent verification. 
 (c)	 Notices . Issuer shall promptly, and in any event within five (5) Business Days after the occurrence thereof, notify Agent in writing of (i) any pending material legal action, litigation, suit, investigation, arbitration, dispute resolution proceeding or administrative or regulatory proceeding brought, initiated or threatened in writing by or against Issuer or otherwise materially affecting Issuer or any of its or assets, (ii) any Early Wind-Down Trigger Event, Default, Event of Default or Servicer Event of Default, which notice shall specify the nature and status thereof, the period of existence thereof and what action is proposed to be taken with respect thereto, (iii) any Regulatory Event or (iv) any action taken or threatened in writing to be taken by any Governmental Authority (or any notice of any of the foregoing) with respect to Issuer or any Collateral which is reasonably expected to have or result in a Material Adverse Effect. 
 6.2	Payment of Obligations 
 Issuer shall make full and timely indefeasible payment in cash of the principal of and interest on the Notes and all other Obligations when due and payable. 
 6.3	Conduct of Business and Maintenance of Existence and Assets 
 Issuer shall (a) collect (or shall require Servicer to collect) all Receivables in the ordinary course of business, (b) maintain and keep in full force and effect its existence and all material Permits and qualifications to do business and remain in good standing in its jurisdiction of formation and each other jurisdiction in which the ownership or lease of property or the nature of its business makes such Permits or qualification necessary and in which failure to maintain such Permits or qualification is reasonably expected to have or result in a Material Adverse Effect and (c) remain in good standing and maintain operations in all jurisdictions in which currently located, except where the failure to remain in good standing or maintain operations could not reasonably be expected to be, have or result in a Material Adverse Effect. 
 61 

6.4	Compliance with Legal and Other Obligations 
 Issuer shall (a) comply with all laws, statutes, rules, regulations, ordinances and tariffs of all Governmental Authorities applicable to it or its business, assets or operations, (b) pay all Taxes, assessments, fees, governmental charges, claims for labor, supplies, rent and all other obligations or liabilities of any kind for which it is liable when due and payable, except liabilities being contested in good faith and against which adequate reserves have been established in accordance with GAAP consistently applied, (c) perform in accordance with its terms each contract, agreement or other arrangement to which it is a party or by which it or any of the Collateral is bound, and (d) properly file all reports required to be filed by Issuer with any Governmental Authority, except under clauses (a), (b), (c), and/or (d) where the failure to comply, pay, file or perform could not reasonably be expected to be, have or result in a Material Adverse Effect. 
 6.5	Reserved 
 6.6	True Books 
 Issuer shall (a) keep true, complete and accurate (in accordance with GAAP, except for the omission of footnotes and year-end adjustments in interim financial statements) books of record and account in accordance with commercially reasonable business practices in which true and correct entries are made of all of its dealings and transactions in all material respects; (b) set up and maintain on its books such reserves as may be required by GAAP with respect to doubtful accounts and all Taxes, assessments, charges, levies and claims and with respect to its business and (c) maintain a revenue recognition method in accordance with GAAP. 
 6.7	Inspection; Periodic Audits; Quarterly Review 
 Issuer shall permit the representatives of Administrative Agent and each Note Purchaser, at the expense of Issuer, during normal business hours upon reasonable notice (provided that Issuer shall not be responsible for the costs associated with more than one such inspection described below during any calendar year prior to the occurrence and continuance of an Early Wind-Down Trigger Event or Event of Default), to (a) visit and inspect Issuer s offices or properties or any other place where Collateral is located to inspect the Collateral and/or to examine and/or audit all of Issuer s books of account, records, reports and other papers, (b) make copies and extracts therefrom, and (c) discuss Issuer s business, operations , prospects, properties, assets, liabilities, condition and/or Receivables with its officers (and by this provision such officers are authorized to discuss the foregoing). Issuer shall require Servicer to cooperate with Agent and its representatives in connection with any inspections or audits requested by Administrative Agent pursuant to and in accordance with the Servicing Agreement. In addition to the foregoing, Administrative Agent shall have the right, at the expense of Issuer, to conduct a legal review regarding the compliance of Issuer and Servicer, as well as the forms of Portfolio Documents, with all Applicable Laws, and Issuer shall, and shall require Servicer to cooperate with Agent and its internal and/or outside legal counsel in such legal review. Notwithstanding anything in the foregoing to the contrary, prior to the occurrence and continuation of an Early Wind-Down Trigger Event or an Event of Default, Issuer s expenses for any audits, inspections or legal reviews described in this Section 6.7 shall not exceed 100,000 in the aggregate in any calendar year. 
 62 

6.8	Further Assurances; Post Closing 
 At Issuer s cost and expense, Issuer shall (a) within five (5) Business Days (or such longer period in the case of actions involving third parties as determined by Administrative Agent in its sole discretion) after Agent s reasonable demand, take such further actions, obtain such consents and approvals and shall duly execute and deliver such further agreements, assignments, instructions or documents as Administrative Agent may reasonably request in its sole discretion in order to effectuate the purposes, terms and conditions of the Transaction Documents and the consummation of the transactions contemplated thereby, whether before, at or after the performance and/or consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby or the occurrence and during the continuation of a Default or Event of Default, (b) without limiting and notwithstanding any other provision of any Transaction Document, execute and deliver, or cause to be executed and delivered, such agreements and documents, and take or cause to be taken such actions, and otherwise perform, observe and comply with such obligations, as are set forth in any agreement regarding post-closing matters executed by Administrative Agent and Issuer, and (c) upon the exercise by Administrative Agent, any Note Purchaser or any of its Affiliates of any power, right, privilege or remedy pursuant to any Transaction Document or under Applicable Law or at equity which requires any consent, approval, registration, qualification or authorization of such Person (including, without limitation, any Governmental Authority), execute and deliver, or cause the execution and delivery of, all applications, certificates, instruments and other documents that may be so required for such consent, approval, registration, qualification or authorization. Agent may, at any time and from time to time, request a certificate from an officer of Issuer representing that all conditions precedent to the closing of this Agreement and the making of any Note Fundings have been satisfied. 
 6.9	Other Liens 
 If Liens other than Permitted Liens exist on the Collateral, as soon as reasonably practicable Issuer shall take all actions, and execute and deliver all documents and instruments necessary to promptly release and terminate such Liens. As soon as reasonably practicable upon discovery of any Lien other than a Permitted Lien, Issuer shall notify Agent. 
 6.10	Use of Proceeds 
 Issuer shall use the proceeds from each Note Funding under the Notes only for the purposes set forth in the recitals to this Agreement. 
 6.11	Collateral Documents; Security Interest in Collateral 
 On reasonable demand of Administrative Agent or Collateral Agent (acting at the written direction of the Administrative Agent), Issuer shall make available to Administrative Agent copies of any and all documents, instruments, materials and other items that relate to, secure, evidence, give rise to or generate or otherwise involve Collateral, including, without limitation, the Receivables, in each case to the extent Issuer has access to such documents, instruments, materials and other items. Issuer shall (a) execute, obtain, deliver, file, register and/or record any and all financing statements, continuation statements, stock powers, instruments and other documents, or cause the execution, filing, registration, recording or delivery of any and all of the foregoing, that 
 63 

are necessary or required under law or otherwise requested by Administrative Agent, in it sole discretion, or Collateral Agent (acting at the written direction of the Administrative Agent) to be executed, filed, registered, obtained, delivered or recorded to create, maintain, perfect, preserve, validate or otherwise protect Issuer s interest in the Collateral and Collateral Agent s perfected first priority (other than with respect to property or assets covered by Permitted Liens) Lien on the Collateral (and Issuer irrevocably grants Agent or Collateral Agent the right, at such party s option, to file any or all of the foregoing), (b) maintain, or cause to be maintained, at all times, Collateral Agent s perfected first priority (other than with respect to property or assets covered by Permitted Liens) Lien on the Collateral, and (c) defend the Collateral and Collateral Agent s first priority (other than with respect to property or assets covered by Permitted Liens) and perfected Lien thereon against all claims and demands of all Persons at any time claiming the same or any interest therein adverse to Collateral Agent (other than Permitted Liens), and pay all costs and expenses (including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys fees and expenses) in connection with such defense, which may, at Agent s discretion, be added to the Obligations, in any event as necessary pursuant to this Agreement. 
 6.12	 Servicing Agreement; Backup Servicer 
 (a)	Issuer shall promptly provide (or require the Servicer to promptly provide) Agent with true and complete copies of all material notices, reports, statements and other documents sent or received by Servicer under the Servicing Agreement. Issuer shall require Servicer to service all Receivables in accordance with the terms of the Servicing Agreement. Issuer shall comply with all provisions, terms and conditions set forth in the Servicing Agreement and Issuer shall not modify, amend, or terminate the Servicing Agreement without Agent s prior written consent. Issuer shall promptly request from the Servicer any information or document requested by Administrative Agent, which such information or document Issuer has the right to request from Servicer pursuant to the Servicing Agreement, and Issuer shall promptly deliver to Administrative Agent such information or document upon receipt from Servicer. 
 (b)	Issuer shall be required to provide the Monthly Collateral and Servicing Report in such form and in a manner reasonably acceptable to Administrative Agent as described in Section 6.1(b) hereof. Issuer agrees not to, and will require Servicer not to, interfere with Backup Servicer s performance of its duties under any Backup Servicing Agreement or to take any action that would be inconsistent in any way with the terms of such Backup Servicing Agreement. Issuer covenants and agrees to, and will require Servicer to, provide any and all information and data reasonably requested by Administrative Agent to be provided promptly to Backup Servicer in the manner and form reasonably requested by Administrative Agent. Upon the occurrence and continuance of any Event of Default, Administrative Agent shall have the right to immediately substitute Agent, Backup Servicer or another third party servicer acceptable to Administrative Agent for Servicer in all of Servicer s roles and functions as servicer of the Collateral, including as contemplated by the Transaction Documents and the Servicing Agreement and upon and after such substitution, Administrative Agent or the Backup Servicer as substituted Servicer, or such other third party servicer acceptable to Administrative Agent, shall be entitled to receive the applicable Servicing Fee. 
 64 

6.13	Special Purpose Entity 
 Issuer has not, and shall not: 
 (a)	engage in any business or activity other than the ownership, operation and maintenance of the Receivables and activities incidental thereto; 
 (b)	acquire or own any material assets other than the Receivables (or such similar loan assets as Administrative Agent may reasonably approve), and such incidental personal property as may be necessary for the operation of the Receivables; 
 (c)	merge into or consolidate with any Person or dissolve, terminate or liquidate in whole or in part, transfer or otherwise dispose of all or substantially all of its assets or change its legal structure, without in each case Agent s consent; 
 (d)	own any Subsidiary or make any equity investment in any Person without the consent of Administrative Agent; 
 (e)	commingle its assets with the assets of any of its members, shareholders, Affiliates, principals or of any other Person; 
 (f)	incur any debt for borrowed money, secured or unsecured, direct or contingent (including guaranteeing any obligation), other than the Obligations; 
 (g)	fail to maintain its records, books of accounts and bank accounts separate and apart from those of the members, partners, shareholders, principals and Affiliates of Issuer or any other Person; 
 (h)	other than any Transaction Documents or as otherwise required by the Transaction Documents, enter into any contract or agreement with any member, shareholder, principal or Affiliate of Issuer or any member, shareholder, principal or Affiliate of any of the foregoing, except upon terms and conditions that are intrinsically fair and substantially similar to those that would be available on an arms-length basis with third parties other than any member, shareholder, principal or Affiliate of Issuer, or any member, shareholder or Affiliate of any of the foregoing; 
 (i)	seek the dissolution or winding up in whole, or in part, of Issuer; 
 (j)	fail to correct any known misunderstandings regarding the separate identity of Issuer, as applicable; 
 (k)	hold itself out to be responsible for the debts of another Person; 
 (l)	other than owning the Receivables, make any loans or advances to any third party, including any member, shareholder, principal or Affiliate of Issuer or Servicer, or any member, shareholder, principal or Affiliate of any of the foregoing; 
 65 

(m)	fail either to hold itself out to the public as a legal entity separate and distinct from any other Person or to conduct its business solely in its own name in order not (i) to mislead others as to the identity with which such other party is transacting business, or (ii) to suggest that Issuer is responsible for the debts of any third party (including any member, shareholder, principal or Affiliate of Issuer, Servicer or Originator, or any member, shareholder, principal or Affiliate of any of the foregoing); 
 (n)	fail to maintain adequate capital for the normal obligations reasonably foreseeable in a business of its size and character and in light of its contemplated business operations; 
 (o)	except for invoicing for collections and servicing of Receivables, share any common logo with or hold itself out as or be considered as a department or division of (i) any shareholder, principal, member or Affiliate of Issuer, (ii) any Affiliate of a shareholder, principal or member of Issuer, or (iii) any other Person; 
 (p)	without the unanimous consent of all owners of the Equity Interests of Issuer and the independent manager of Issuer, file or consent to the filing of any petition, either voluntary or involuntary, to take advantage of any applicable insolvency, bankruptcy, liquidation or reorganization statute, or make an assignment for the benefit of creditors; or 
 (q)	fail at any time to have at least one (1) of its directors or managers being independent directors or managers that is not and has not been for at least three (3) years a director (other than as an independent director), manager, officer, employee, trade creditor, supplier or shareholder (or spouse, parent, sibling or child of the foregoing) of (or a Person who directly or indirectly controls) (i) Issuer, (ii) any general or limited partner, shareholder, principal, member or Affiliate of Issuer, or (iii) any Affiliate of any general or limited partner, shareholder, principal or member of Issuer. 
 6.14	Collections 
 Issuer agrees and covenants that it shall: 
 (a)	At all times comply, and require Servicer to comply, with the terms of Section 2.3 hereof; and 
 (b)	Prevent the deposit into any Account of any funds other than collections from Receivables or other funds to be deposited into such Accounts under this Agreement, the Intercreditor Agreement or the other Transaction Documents provided that this covenant shall not be breached to the extent that funds are inadvertently deposited into any Account and upon discovery are promptly segregated and removed from such Account). 
 6.15	Reserved 
 6.16	Changes to Underwriting Guidelines 
 Issuer shall provide to Administrative Agent thirty (30) days prior written notice of any material changes or material proposed changes to the Underwriting Guidelines or Bank Program 
 66 

Documents. Any such material changes or material proposed changes shall be approved by Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion in order for any Receivables originated pursuant to such materially amended Underwriting Guidelines or Bank Program Documents to constitute Eligible Receivables. 
 6.17	Financial Covenants 
 (a)	 Tangible Net Worth . Borrower shall cause, as at the end of each calendar quarter, the Tangible Net Worth of Enova, together with its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis, to not be less than the sum of (i) 500,000,000, plus (ii) 25 of Net Income of Enova earned on or after the Closing Date, measured as of the last day of each calendar quarter, plus (iii) 100 of the proceeds received by Enova and its Subsidiaries from the issuance and sale of capital stock of Enova or any of its Subsidiaries. 
 (b)	 Liquidity . Borrower shall cause, as at the end of each calendar quarter, Liquidity of Enova to not be less than 40,000,000. 
 (c)	 Leverage Ratio . Borrower shall cause, as at the end of each calendar quarter, the Leverage Ratio for Enova not to exceed 3.00 to 1.00. 
 (d)	 Financial Covenant Grace Period . In the event Issuer (or Enova) is not in compliance with any of the financial covenants in Section 6.17(a) , (b) or (c) , (the Financial Covenants as of the most recent date on which such Financial Covenant is tested, then until the tenth (10 th Business Day after the date on which a Monthly Collateral and Servicing Report is first required to be delivered pursuant to Section 6.2 (such period, the Repayment Cure Period ), Issuer may, at its option, cause the entire amount of the Obligations (including the Prepayment Fee) to be repaid in full (the Repayment Cure ). After the exercise of the Repayment Cure in respect of any such failure to be in compliance, so long as the outstanding principal balance of Note Fundings remain at 0, (i) no Default or Event of Default shall be deemed to exist as a result of non-compliance with the Financial Covenants (and any such Default or Event of Default shall be retroactively considered not to have existed or occurred so long as the Issuer demonstrates compliance with such Financial Covenant on a future testing date) and the Issuer or Enova, as applicable, shall be deemed to be in compliance with the Financial Covenants and (ii) the Issuer shall not request any Note Fundings until the Issuer has delivered to the Administrative Agent a Monthly Collateral and Servicing Report demonstrating compliance with the Financial Covenants (both immediately before and after giving effect to the funding of such requested Note Funding). It is understood and agreed that during the Repayment Cure Period, neither the Administrative Agent nor any other Secured Party shall exercise the right to terminate the Revolving Commitments, to foreclose on or take possession of the Collateral or to engage in any other remedy solely due to the breach of such Financial Covenant. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, in no event may a Repayment Cure be exercised more than two times after the Closing Date, unless otherwise consented to by Administrative Agent in its sole discretion. 
 6.18	Risk Retention Covenants. 
 (a)	Holdings represents, warrants, covenants and agrees that, at all times prior to the termination of this Agreement, on an ongoing basis, it has complied, and is the appropriate 
 67 

entity to comply, with all requirements imposed on the sponsor of a securitization transaction in accordance with the Risk Retention Rules, in each case directly or (to the extent permitted by the Risk Retention Rules) through a majority-owned affiliate (as defined in the Risk Retention Rules, a Majority-Owned Affiliate ). On the Closing Date, Holdings or a Majority-Owned Affiliate of Holdings will retain an eligible horizontal residual interest (as defined in the Risk Retention Rules) equal to at least 5 of the fair value (determined using a fair value measurement framework under United States generally accepted accounting principles) of all the ABS interests (as defined in the Risk Retention Rules) in the Issuer issued as part of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents (such interest, the Retained Interest ), determined as of the Closing Date. Holdings is solely responsible for the calculation of the fair value of the Retained Interest. The disclosure provided to the Administrative Agent and the Note Purchasers on or prior to the Closing Date contains all of the required disclosures under 17 C.F.R. 246.4(c)(1). 
 (b)	Holdings will comply, and will cause each of its Affiliates to comply, with the Risk Retention Rules, as in effect from time to time, in connection with this Agreement. 
 (c)	 Risk Retention Rules shall mean the rules adopted pursuant to Section 15G of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, 15 U.S.C. 78a et seq., added by Section 941 of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, as amended from time to time, and subject to such clarification and interpretation as my be provided by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff, or the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or its staff from time to time. 
 
 VII.	NEGATIVE COVENANTS 
 Issuer covenants and agrees that, unless otherwise consented to by Administrative Agent in writing in its sole discretion, until full performance and satisfaction, and indefeasible payment in full in cash, of all the Obligations (other than indemnity obligations of Issuer under the Transaction Documents that are not then due and payable or for which any events or claims that would give rise thereto are not then pending) and termination of this Agreement: 
 7.1	Indebtedness 
 Issuer shall not create, incur, assume or suffer to exist any Indebtedness, except Indebtedness under the Transaction Documents. 
 7.2	Liens 
 Issuer shall not create, incur, assume, or suffer to exist, any Lien upon, in or against, or pledge of, any of the Collateral, whether now owned or hereafter acquired, except the following (collectively, Permitted Liens ): (a) Liens under the Transaction Documents or otherwise arising in favor of Collateral Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, (b) any right of set-off granted in favor of any financial institution in respect of Accounts opened and maintained in the ordinary course of business or pursuant to the requirements of this Agreement; provided , that with respect to any such Account, Collateral Agent has a perfected Lien thereon and control thereof (subject to 
 68 

the Intercreditor Agreement), and (c) Liens imposed by law for Taxes that are not yet due or are being contested in good faith. 
 7.3	Investments; Investment Property; New Facilities or Collateral; Subsidiaries 
 Issuer shall not, directly or indirectly, (a) merge with, purchase, own, hold, invest in or otherwise acquire any Equity Interests of, or any other interest in, all or substantially all of the assets of, any Person or any joint venture, (b) purchase, own, hold, invest in or otherwise acquire any Investment Property (except (i) Investment Property set forth in Section 5.16 of Schedule A attached hereto as of the Closing Date, and (ii) Accounts with financial institutions and investments in the ordinary course of business or as required by this Agreement; provided , that with respect to any such Accounts, Collateral Agent has a perfected Lien thereon and control thereof (subject to the Intercreditor Agreement) and (iii) the indorsement of negotiable instruments for deposit or collection or similar transactions in the ordinary course of business) or (c) make or permit to exist any loan, advances or guarantees to or for the benefit of any Person or assume, guarantee, endorse, contingently agree to purchase or otherwise become liable for or upon or incur any obligation of any Person except as provided in clause (b). Issuer shall not purchase, lease, own, operate, hold, invest in or otherwise acquire any property or asset or any Collateral that is located outside of the continental United States except as provided in clause (b). Issuer shall not have any Subsidiaries. 
 7.4	Dividends; Redemptions; Equity 
 Except as otherwise agreed to by Administrative Agent in its sole discretion, Issuer shall not (a) declare, pay or make any dividend or distribution on any Equity Interests or other securities or ownership interests, (b) apply any of its funds, property or assets to the acquisition, redemption or other retirement of any Equity Interests or other securities or interests or of any options to purchase or acquire any of the foregoing, (c) otherwise make any payments, dividends or distributions to any member, manager, managing member, stockholder, director or other equity owner in such Person s capacity as such , (d) make any payment of any management, service or related or similar fee to any Affiliate or holder of Equity Interests of Issuer, (e) issue, sell or create any Equity Interests, or (f) otherwise make any payments under the Purchase and Sale Agreement other than payments of the Purchase Price (as such term is defined in the Purchase and Sale Agreement) of each Receivable purchased by Issuer pursuant to the Purchase and Sale Agreement; provided , that, so long as no Regulatory Event, Early Wind-Down Trigger Event, Default or Event of Default has occurred or is continuing, or would be caused by such payment or distribution, Issuer may make distributions without the written consent of Administrative Agent. 
 7.5	Transactions with Affiliates 
 Issuer shall not enter into or consummate any transaction of any kind with any of its Affiliates other than (a) the transactions contemplated hereby and by the other Transaction Documents, subject to compliance with the requirements set forth in Section 2.6 hereof, (b) the transactions described on Section 5.13 of Schedule A and (c) to the extent not otherwise prohibited under this Agreement, other transactions upon fair and reasonable terms materially no less favorable to Issuer than would be obtained in a comparable arms-length transaction with a Person not an Affiliate. 
 69 

7.6	Charter Documents; Fiscal Year; Dissolution; Use of Proceeds; Insurance Policies; Disposition of Collateral; Trade Names 
 Issuer shall not (a) amend, modify, restate or change its certificate of formation or governance documents in a manner that would be adverse to Administrative Agent or Note Purchasers, (b) change its state of organization, its corporate name or its fiscal year without thirty (30) calendar days prior written notice to Administrative Agent, (c) amend, alter, suspend, terminate or make provisional in any material way, any Permit, the suspension, amendment, alteration or termination of which could reasonably be expected to be, have or result in a Material Adverse Effect without the prior written consent of Administrative Agent, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, (d) wind up, liquidate or dissolve (voluntarily or involuntarily) or commence or suffer any proceedings seeking or that would result in any of the foregoing, (e) use any proceeds of any Note for purchasing or carrying margin stock as defined in Regulations T, U or X of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System for any use not contemplated or permitted by this Agreement, (f) amend, modify, restate or change any insurance policy in a manner adverse to Administrative Agent or Note Purchasers in any material respect, (g) engage, directly or indirectly, in any business other than as set forth herein or (h) establish new or additional trade names without providing not less than thirty (30) days advance written notice to Administrative Agent. 
 7.7	Transfer of Collateral; Amendment of Receivables 
 (a)	Except pursuant to a Permitted Securitization, subject to compliance with the requirements set forth in Section 2.6 hereof, Issuer shall not sell, lease, transfer, pledge, encumber, assign or otherwise dispose of any Collateral without the prior consent of Administrative Agent. 
 (b)	Issuer shall not extend, amend, waive or otherwise modify the terms of any Receivable (other than any Permitted Modification) or permit the rescission or cancellation of any Receivable, whether for any reason relating to a negative change in the related Account Debtor s creditworthiness or inability to make any payment under the Receivable or otherwise, except as permitted by the Underwriting Guidelines or the Servicing Policy or as otherwise permitted in the Servicing Agreement. 
 (c)	Except as required by Applicable Law, Issuer shall not terminate or reject any Receivable prior to the end of the term of such Receivable, whether such rejection or early termination is made pursuant to any Applicable Law, unless prior to such termination or rejection, such Receivable and any related Collateral have been released from the Lien created by this Agreement. 
 7.8	Contingent Obligations and Risks 
 Except as otherwise expressly permitted by this Agreement, Issuer shall not enter into any Contingent Obligations or assume, guarantee, endorse, contingently agree to purchase or otherwise become liable for or upon or incur any obligation of any Person (other than indemnities to officers and directors of such Person to the extent permitted by Applicable Law); provided , however , that nothing contained in this Section 7.8 shall prohibit Issuer from indorsing checks in the ordinary course of its business. 
 70 

7.9	[Reserved] 
 7.10	Modifications of Agreements 
 Issuer shall not make, or agree to make, any modification, amendment or waiver of any of the terms or provisions of any Transfer Agreement, the Purchase and Sale Agreement, the Republic Bank Purchase and Sale Agreement, the Republic Bank Program Agreement, the TAB Bank Participation Agreement or the TAB Bank Program Agreement without the prior written consent of Administrative Agent. 
 7.11	 Anti-Terrorism; OFAC 
 Issuer shall not (a) be or become a Person whose property or interests in property are blocked or subject to blocking pursuant to Section 1 of Executive Order 13224 of September 23, 2001 Blocking Property and Prohibiting Transactions With Persons Who Commit, Threaten to Commit or Support Terrorism (66 Fed. Reg. 49079 (2001)), (b) engage in any dealings or transactions prohibited by Section 2 of such executive order, or otherwise be associated with any such Person in any manner violative of Section 2 of such executive order, or (c) otherwise become a Person on the list of Specially Designated Nationals and Blocked Persons in violation of the limitations or prohibitions under any other OFAC regulation or executive order. 
 7.12	Accounts and Payment Instructions 
 (a)	Issuer shall not open an Account (other than those listed in Section 5.16 of Schedule A attached hereto as of the Closing Date) without the prior written consent of Administrative Agent. 
 (b)	Issuer shall not make any change in the instructions to Servicer with respect to the deposits of collections regarding Receivables to the Collateral Account in accordance with this Agreement, the Intercreditor Agreement and the Servicing Agreement. 
 (c)	Issuer shall not, and shall require Servicer to not, make any change in the instructions to any Account Debtor on any Receivable that is Collateral with respect to any instructions to such Account Debtors regarding payment to be made to the Collateral Account. 
 7.13	Servicing Agreement 
 Issuer shall not, without the prior written consent of Administrative Agent in its sole discretion: 
 (a)	with respect to the Servicing Agreement, terminate, amend or modify the Servicing Agreement in any manner or consent to any request from the Servicer or any other party thereto to do the same; 
 (b)	except in connection with the replacement of the Servicer by the Backup Servicer or third party servicer acceptable to Administrative Agent in accordance with Section 6.12(b) , allow Servicer to transfer, assign or delegate any of its duties or functions under the Servicing Agreement, as applicable, to any Person, or otherwise engage any such Person to 
 71 

perform any such duties or functions for or on behalf of Servicer, or Issuer, in each case other than in accordance with the Servicing Agreement; and 
 (c)	except in connection with the replacement of the Servicer by the Backup Servicer or third party servicer acceptable to Administrative Agent in accordance with Section 6.12(b) , transfer the duties and functions of Servicer under the Servicing Agreement to any other Persons. 
 7.14	No Adverse Selection 
 Issuer covenants and agrees that all Receivables selected to be purchased by Issuer pursuant to the Purchase and Sale Agreement from all other similar receivables originated or owned by Enova and its Subsidiaries shall, at all times, be selected at random and with no intention to select receivables that would be more adverse to Administrative Agent or Note Purchasers than those similar receivables; provided further , that selection procedures that merely reflect differing eligibility criteria and excess concentration limits between this Facility and other credit facilities shall not be deemed to violate this provision. 
 VIII.	EVENTS OF DEFAULT 
 The occurrence of any one or more of the following shall constitute an Event of Default : 
 (a)	Issuer shall fail to pay any principal or interest on the Notes within two (2) Business Days of the date due and payable; 
 (b)	any representation, statement or warranty made or deemed made by Issuer in any Transaction Document or in any other certificate, document, report or opinion delivered in conjunction with any Transaction Document to which it is a party (other than representations or warranties with respect to whether a Receivable was an Eligible Receivable), shall not be true and correct in all material respects or shall have been false or misleading in any material respect on the date when made or deemed to have been made (except to the extent already qualified by materiality, in which case it shall be true and correct in all respects and shall not be false or misleading in any respect) except those made as of a specific date; 
 (c)	Issuer shall be in violation, breach or default of, or shall fail to perform, observe or comply with any covenant, obligation or agreement of it set forth in this Agreement (other than any violation, breach or default in the covenants set forth in Sections 2.11 , 6.17 , or 7 of this Agreement or the misappropriation of any funds to be delivered to the Collateral Account pursuant to Section 2.3 and applied pursuant to Section 2.4 of this Agreement, for which there shall be no cure period) and such violation, breach or failure shall continue or not be cured within a period of thirty (30) days after the Issuer first receives notice or obtains knowledge thereof; 
 (d)	the Issuer shall become an investment company within the meaning of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended; 
 (e)	(i) any of the Transaction Documents ceases to be in full force and effect (other than in accordance with its terms), or (ii) any Lien created under any Transaction Document ceases to constitute a valid first priority (other than with respect to property or assets covered by 
 72 

Permitted Liens) perfected Lien on the Collateral in accordance with the terms thereof, except with respect to Collateral that is released from the Lien of Collateral Agent as permitted under the Transaction Documents or the Security Documents; 
 (f)	 one or more judgments or decrees is rendered against Issuer in an amount in excess of 250,000 individually or 500,000 in the aggregate (excluding judgments to the extent covered by insurance of such Person), which is/are not bonded pending appeal, satisfied, stayed, vacated or discharged of record within thirty (30) calendar days of being rendered ; 
 (g)	(i) any default or breach occurs, which is not cured within any applicable grace period or waived, (x) in the payment of any amount with respect to any Indebtedness (other than the Obligations) of Issuer or Enova for borrowed money having an aggregate principal amount in excess of 250,000 individually or 500,000 in the aggregate (with respect to the Issuer) or 5,000,000 individually or 10,000,000 in the aggregate (with respect to Enova), or (y) in the performance, observance or fulfillment of any provision contained in any agreement, contract, document or instrument to which Issuer or Enova, as applicable, is a party or to which any of their properties or assets are subject or bound under or pursuant to which any Indebtedness having an aggregate principal amount in excess of 250,000 individually or 500,000 in the aggregate (with respect to the Issuer) or 5,000,000 individually or 10,000,000 in the aggregate (with respect to Enova) was issued, created, assumed, guaranteed or secured and such default or breach continues for more than any applicable grace period and permits the holder of any such Indebtedness to accelerate the maturity thereof; 
 (h)	Issuer shall (i) be unable to pay its debts generally as they become due, (ii) file a petition under any insolvency statute, (iii) make a general assignment for the benefit of its creditors, (iv) commence a proceeding for the appointment of a receiver, trustee, liquidator or conservator of itself or of the whole or any substantial part of its property or shall otherwise be dissolved or liquidated, or (v) file a petition seeking reorganization or liquidation or similar relief under any Debtor Relief Law or any other Applicable Law; 
 (i)	(i) a court of competent jurisdiction shall (A) enter an order, judgment or decree appointing a custodian, receiver, trustee, liquidator or conservator of Issuer or the whole or any substantial part of the properties of Issuer, which shall continue unstayed and in effect for a period of sixty (60) calendar days, (B) approve a petition filed against Issuer seeking reorganization, liquidation or similar relief under the any Debtor Relief Law or any other Applicable Law, which is not dismissed within sixty (60) calendar days or, (C) under the provisions of any Debtor Relief Law or other Applicable Law, assume custody or control of Issuer or of the whole or any substantial part of the properties of Issuer, which is not irrevocably relinquished within sixty (60) calendar days, or (ii) there is commenced against Issuer any proceeding or petition seeking reorganization, liquidation or similar relief under any Debtor Relief Law or any other Applicable Law or statute, which (A) is not unconditionally dismissed within sixty (60) calendar days after the date of commencement, or (B) is with respect to which Issuer takes any action to indicate its approval of or consent; 
 (j)	any Servicer Event of Default occurs; 
 73 

(k)	the suspension, loss, revocation, or failure to renew or file for renewal of any registration, approval, license, permit, or franchise required for the collection of the Receivables by Issuer which is now held or hereafter acquired by Issuer or the issuance of any stay order, cease and desist order or similar judicial or nonjudicial sanction prohibiting the collection of the Receivables; 
 (l)	as of the end of any calendar month beginning in February 2023, the three-month weighted average Excess Spread Percentage for the most recently completed three (3) calendar month period (including such calendar month) is less than six percent (6.0 ); or 
 (m)	any Level Two Regulatory Event shall have occurred impacting greater than twenty percent (20 of all Receivables pledged hereunder (which for the avoidance of doubt, shall not include any Receivables repurchased from Issuer). 
 Upon the occurrence and continuance of an Event of Default, notwithstanding any other provision of any Transaction Document, (a) Administrative Agent may, by notice to Issuer, Collateral Agent and Paying Agent, (i) terminate its obligations hereunder and/or the Revolving Commitments of each of the Note Purchasers, whereupon the same shall immediately terminate, (ii) substitute immediately Backup Servicer or any other third party servicer acceptable to Administrative Agent, in its sole discretion, for Servicer in all of Servicer s roles and functions as contemplated by the Transaction Documents and the Servicing Agreement and any fees, costs and expenses of, for or payable to Backup Servicer or other third party servicer acceptable to Administrative Agent, in its sole discretion, and reasonably acceptable to Issuer shall be at Issuer s sole cost and expense, (iii) with respect to the Collateral, (1) terminate the Servicing Agreement and service the Collateral, including the right to institute collection, foreclosure and other enforcement actions against the Collateral; (2) enter into modification agreements and make extension agreements with respect to payments and other performances; (3) release Account Debtors and other Persons liable for performance; (4) settle and compromise disputes with respect to payments and performances claimed due, all without notice to Issuer, and all in Administrative Agent s sole discretion and without relieving Issuer from performance of the obligations hereunder or under any other Transaction Document; (5) receive, collect, open and read all mail of Issuer for the purpose of obtaining all items pertaining to the Collateral and any collateral described in any Transaction Document; (6) collect all interest, principal, prepayments (both voluntary and mandatory), and other amounts of any and every description payable by or on behalf of any Account Debtor pursuant to any Receivable, the related Portfolio Documents, or any other related documents or instruments directly from such Account Debtor; and (7) subject to the Intercreditor Agreement, apply all amounts in or subsequently deposited in any Account to the payment of the unpaid Obligations or otherwise as Administrative Agent in its sole discretion shall determine after applying such amounts pursuant to Section 2.4(a) hereof; and (iv) declare all or any of the Notes, all interest thereon and all other Obligations to be due and payable immediately (except in the case of an Event of Default under Section 8(h) or (i) , in which event all of the foregoing shall automatically and without further act by Administrative Agent or Note Purchasers be due and payable and Administrative Agent or Note Purchasers obligations hereunder shall terminate, in each case without presentment, demand, protest or further notice of any kind, all of which are hereby expressly waived by Issuer and (b) effective immediately upon receipt of notice from Agent (unless specifically prohibited and provided for in Article VII , in which case effective immediately 
 74 

upon an Event of Default without any action of Administrative Agent or any Note Purchaser), no action permitted to be taken under Article VII hereof may be taken. 
 IX.	RIGHTS AND REMEDIES AFTER DEFAULT 
 9.1	Rights and Remedies 
 (a)	In addition to the acceleration provisions set forth in Article VIII above, upon the occurrence and during the continuation of an Event of Default, Administrative Agent shall have the right to (and at the request of Requisite Note Purchasers, shall) exercise any and all rights, options and remedies provided for in any Transaction Document, under the UCC or at law or in equity, including, without limitation, the right to (i) apply any property of Issuer held by Collateral Agent to reduce the Obligations, (ii) foreclose the Liens created under the Transaction Documents, (iii) realize upon, take possession of and/or sell any Collateral, with or without judicial process, (iv) exercise all rights and powers with respect to the Collateral as Issuer might exercise, (v) collect and send notices regarding the Collateral, with or without judicial process, (vi) by its own means or with judicial assistance, enter any premises at which Collateral is located or dispose of the Collateral on such premises without any liability for rent, storage, utilities, or other sums, and Issuer shall not resist or interfere with such action, (vii) at Issuer s expense, require that all or any part of the Collateral be assembled and made available to Administrative Agent at any place designated by Administrative Agent in its sole discretion, (viii) reduce or otherwise change the Borrowing Rate and/or the Maximum Note Amount and/or any component of the Maximum Note Amount and/or (ix) relinquish or abandon any Collateral or any Lien thereon. Notwithstanding any provision of any Transaction Document, Administrative Agent, in its sole discretion, shall have the right, at any time that Issuer fails to do so after an Event of Default, without prior notice, to: (A) obtain insurance covering any of the Collateral to the extent required hereunder; and (B) discharge Taxes, levies and/or Liens on any of the Collateral that are in violation of any Transaction Document unless Issuer is in good faith with due diligence by appropriate proceedings contesting those items. Such expenses and advances shall be deemed Note Fundings hereunder and shall be added to the Obligations until reimbursed to Administrative Agent, for its own account and for the benefit of the other Note Purchasers, and shall be secured by the Collateral, and such payments by Administrative Agent, for its own account and for the benefit of the other Note Purchasers, shall not be construed as a waiver by Administrative Agent or Note Purchasers of any Event of Default or any other rights or remedies of Administrative Agent or Note Purchasers. 
 (b)	Issuer agrees that notice received at least ten (10) calendar days before the time of any intended public sale, private sale or other disposition of Collateral is to be made, shall be deemed to be reasonable notice of such sale or other disposition. At any sale or disposition of Collateral, Administrative Agent may (to the extent permitted by Applicable Law) purchase all or any part thereof free from any right of redemption by Issuer, which right is hereby waived and released, to the extent permitted by law. Issuer covenants and agrees not to interfere with or impose any obstacle to Administrative Agent s exercise of its rights and remedies with respect to the Collateral. In dealing with or disposing of the Collateral or any part thereof, Administrative Agent shall not be required to give priority or preference to any item of Collateral or otherwise to marshal assets or to take possession or sell any Collateral with judicial process. 
 75 

9.2	Application of Proceeds 
 Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement (including Section 2.4 hereof), in addition to any other rights, options and remedies Agent and Note Purchasers have under the Transaction Documents, the UCC, at law or in equity, all dividends, interest, rents, issues, profits, fees, revenues, income and other proceeds collected or received from collecting, holding, managing, renting, selling, or otherwise disposing of all or any part of the Collateral or any proceeds thereof upon exercise of its remedies hereunder upon the occurrence and continuation of an Event of Default shall be applied in the following order of priority: (a) first , to the payment of all outstanding fees, expenses and indemnities due and owing to the Collateral Agent and Paying Agent, without regard to any caps, (b) second , to the payment of all costs and expenses of such collection, storage, lease, holding, operation, management, sale, disposition or delivery and of conducting Issuer s business and of maintenance, repairs, replacements, alterations, additions and improvements of or to the Collateral, and to the payment of all sums which Administrative Agent or Note Purchasers may be required or may elect to pay, if any, for Taxes, assessments, insurance and other charges upon the Collateral or any part thereof, and all other payments that Administrative Agent or Note Purchasers may be required or authorized to make under any provision of this Agreement (including, in each such case, in-house and outside documentation and diligence fees and legal expenses, search, audit, recording, professional and filing fees and expenses and reasonable attorneys fees and all expenses, liabilities and advances made or incurred in connection therewith); (c) third , to the payment of all Obligations in such order as determined by Administrative Agent in its sole discretion; and (d) fourth , to the payment of any surplus then remaining to Issuer, unless otherwise provided by law or directed by a court of competent jurisdiction; provided , that Issuer shall be liable for any deficiency if such proceeds are insufficient to satisfy the Obligations (other than indemnity obligations of Issuer under the Transaction Documents that are not then due and payable or for which any events or claims that would give rise thereto are not then pending) or any of the other items referred to in this Section (other than Section 9.2(c) to the extent the Obligations (other than indemnity obligations of Issuer under the Transaction Documents that are not then due and payable or for which any events or claims that would give rise thereto are not then pending) have been indefeasibly paid in full in cash). 
 9.3	Right to Appoint Receiver. 
 Without limiting and in addition to any other rights, options and remedies Agent and Note Purchasers have under the Transaction Documents, the UCC, at law or in equity, upon the occurrence and continuation of an Event of Default, Administrative Agent shall have the right to apply for and have a receiver appointed by a court of competent jurisdiction in any action taken by Administrative Agent and/or any Note Purchaser to enforce its rights and remedies in order to manage, protect and preserve the Collateral and continue the operation of the business of Issuer and to collect all revenues and profits thereof and apply the same to the payment of all expenses and other charges of such receivership including the compensation of the receiver and to the payments as aforesaid until a sale or other disposition of such Collateral shall be finally made and consummated 
 76 

9.4	Attorney-in-Fact 
 Issuer hereby irrevocably appoints Agent as its attorney-in-fact for the limited purpose of taking any action permitted under the Transaction Documents that Administrative Agent deems necessary or desirable (in Agent s sole discretion) upon the occurrence and continuation of an Event of Default to protect and realize upon Collateral Agent s Lien in the Collateral, including the execution and delivery of any and all documents or instruments related to the Collateral in Issuer s name, and said appointment shall create in Agent a power coupled with an interest. 
 9.5	Rights and Remedies not Exclusive 
 Administrative Agent shall have the right in its sole discretion to determine which rights, Liens and/or remedies Administrative Agent, Collateral Agent and Note Purchasers may at any time pursue, relinquish, subordinate or modify, and such determination will not in any way modify or affect any of Administrative Agent s, Collateral Agent s or Note Purchasers rights, Liens or remedies under any Transaction Document, Applicable Law or equity. The enumeration of any rights and remedies in any Transaction Document is not intended to be exhaustive, and all rights and remedies of Administrative Agent, Collateral Agent and Note Purchasers described in any Transaction Document are cumulative and are not alternative to or exclusive of any other rights or remedies which Agent, Collateral Agent and Note Purchasers otherwise may have. The partial or complete exercise of any right or remedy shall not preclude any other further exercise of such or any other right or remedy. 
 X.	WAIVERS AND JUDICIAL PROCEEDINGS 
 10.1	Waivers 
 Except as expressly provided for herein, Issuer hereby waives set off, counterclaim, demand, presentment, protest, all defenses with respect to any and all instruments and all notices and demands of any description, and the pleading of any statute of limitations as a defense to any demand under any Transaction Document. Issuer hereby waives any and all defenses and counterclaims it may have or could interpose in any action or procedure brought by Administrative Agent to obtain an order of court recognizing the assignment of, or Lien of Collateral Agent in and to, any Collateral. 
 10.2	Delay; No Waiver of Defaults 
 No course of action or delay or omission of the Administrative Agent, Collateral Agent or any Note Purchaser to exercise any right or remedy hereunder or under any other Transaction Document shall impair any such right or operate as a waiver thereof. No single or partial exercise by the Administrative Agent, Collateral Agent or any Note Purchaser of any right or remedy shall preclude any other or further exercise thereof, or preclude any other right or remedy. No waiver by any party to any Transaction Document of any one or more defaults by any other party in the performance of any of the provisions of any Transaction Document shall operate or be construed as a waiver of any future default, whether of a like or different nature, and each such waiver shall be limited solely to the express terms and provisions of such waiver. Notwithstanding any other provision of any Transaction Document, by completing the Closing under this Agreement and/or 
 77 

by making Note Fundings, Note Purchaser does not waive any breach of any representation or warranty of under any Transaction Document, and all of Administrative Agent s, Collateral Agent s or any Note Purchaser s claims and rights resulting from any such breach or misrepresentation are specifically reserved. 
 10.3	Jury Waiver 
 (a)	EACH PARTY HEREBY (i) EXPRESSLY, KNOWINGLY AND VOLUNTARILY WAIVES ANY RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY OF ANY CLAIM OR CAUSE OF ACTION ARISING UNDER ANY TRANSACTION DOCUMENT OR IN ANY WAY CONNECTED WITH OR INCIDENTAL TO THE DEALINGS OF THE PARTIES WITH RESPECT TO ANY TRANSACTION DOCUMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED THEREBY, WHETHER NOW EXISTING OR HEREAFTER ARISING, AND WHETHER SOUNDING IN CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, AND (ii) AGREES AND CONSENTS THAT ANY SUCH CLAIM OR CAUSE OF ACTION SHALL BE DECIDED BY COURT TRIAL WITHOUT A JURY, AND THAT ANY PARTY TO THIS AGREEMENT MAY FILE AN ORIGINAL COUNTERPART OR A COPY OF THIS SECTION AS WRITTEN EVIDENCE OF THE CONSENTS OF THE PARTIES TO THE WAIVER OF THEIR RESPECTIVE RIGHTS TO TRIAL BY JURY. 
 b In the event any such claim or cause of action is brought or filed in any United States federal court sitting in the State of California or in any state court of the State of California, and the waiver of jury trial set forth in Section 10.3(a) is determined or held to be ineffective or unenforceable, the parties agree that all claims and causes of action shall be resolved by reference to a private judge sitting without a jury, pursuant to California Code of Civil Procedure Section 638, before a mutually acceptable referee or, if the parties cannot agree, a referee selected by the Presiding Judge of Los Angeles County, California. Such proceeding shall be conducted in Los Angeles County, California, with California rules of evidence and discovery applicable to such proceeding. In the event Claims or causes of action are to be resolved by judicial reference, any party may seek from any court having jurisdiction thereover any prejudgment order, writ or other relief and have such prejudgment order, writ or other relief enforced to the fullest extent permitted by law notwithstanding that all claims and causes of action are otherwise subject to resolution by judicial reference . 
 10.4	Amendment and Waivers 
 (a)	No amendment or waiver of any provision of this Agreement or any other Transaction Document, or consent to any departure by Issuer or Enova therefrom, shall in any event be effective unless the same shall be in writing and signed by Issuer, the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent (at the written direction of Administrative Agent) and the Requisite Note Purchasers (or by Administrative Agent on their behalf) without taking into account the Notes 
 78 

held by Non-Funding Note Purchasers, and then such amendment, waiver or consent shall be effective only in the specific instance and for the specific purpose for which given; provided , however , that no amendment, waiver or consent shall, without the consent of all Note Purchasers: (i) change the number of Note Purchasers required for the Note Purchasers or any of them to take any action hereunder; (ii) amend any of the provisions of Sections 9.2 , 10.4 or 13.3 ; (iii) amend the sharing of payments by Note Purchasers according to their Pro Rata Shares pursuant to Section 13.3 or the definitions of Pro Rata Share or Requisite Note Purchasers (iv) release all or substantially all of the Collateral; (v) release Issuer from all of the Obligations other than upon payment in full of the Obligations; (vi) consent to the assignment or other transfer by Issuer or any other party (other than Administrative Agent or any Note Purchaser) to any Transaction Documents of any of their rights and obligations under any Transaction Document; or (vii) extend the scheduled due date, or reduce the amount due on any scheduled due date, of any installment of principal, interest (other than a waiver of the incurring of or payment of interest at the Default Rate pursuant to Section 3.2 ), or fees payable with respect to any portion of the Notes, or waive, forgive, extend, defer or postpone the payment thereof; provided , further , that no amendment, waiver or consent shall, without the consent of each Note Purchaser directly affected thereby: (i) reduce the amount of principal of, or interest on (other than a waiver of the incurring of or payment of interest at the Default Rate pursuant to Section 3.2 ), or the interest rate (other than a waiver of the incurring of or payment of interest at the Default Rate pursuant to Section 3.2 applicable to, the Notes or any fees or other amounts payable hereunder; (ii) postpone any date on which any payment of principal of, or interest on (other than a waiver of the incurring of or payment of interest at the Default Rate pursuant to Section 3.2 ), the Notes or any fees or other amounts payable hereunder is required to be made; (iii) increase or extend the Revolving Commitment of any Note Purchaser; or (iv) reduce the principal of, rate of interest on (other than a waiver of the incurring of or payment of interest at the Default Rate pursuant to Section 3.2 or fees payable with respect to any portion of the Notes. 
 (b)	Each amendment, modification, termination or waiver shall be effective only in the specific instance and for the specific purpose for which it was given. No amendment, modification, termination or waiver shall be required for Collateral Agent to take additional Collateral pursuant to any Transaction Document. 
 (c)	Any amendment, modification, termination, waiver or consent effected in accordance with this Section 10.4 shall be binding upon Administrative Agent, Collateral Agent, Note Purchasers and Issuer. 
 (d)	No consent or agreement by Issuer shall be required to amend, modify, change, restate, waive, supplement, discharge, cancel or terminate any provision of Article XII , so long as no additional duties are required to be assumed by Issuer. 
 (e)	Any amendment of this Agreement which affects the rights or duties of the Collateral Agent or the Paying Agent shall require the consent of the Collateral Agent or Paying Agent, as applicable. The Collateral Agent and the Paying Agent may, but shall not be obligated to, enter into any amendment that affects its respective rights, duties or immunities under this Agreement or otherwise. 
 
 79 

XI.	EFFECTIVE DATE AND TERMINATION 
 11.1	Effectiveness and Termination 
 Subject to Administrative Agent s right to accelerate the Notes and terminate the Revolving Commitments and cease making and funding Note Fundings upon the occurrence and during the continuation of any Event of Default, this Agreement shall continue in full force and effect until the Final Maturity Date, unless terminated sooner as provided in Sections 2.5 or 2.6 . All of the Obligations shall be immediately due and payable upon the earlier of the Final Maturity Date, the Prepayment Date or the date upon which Agent declares all or any of the Notes and/or Note, all interest thereon and all other Obligations to be due and payable pursuant to the terms of Article VIII , as applicable (the Termination Date ). Notwithstanding any other provision of any Transaction Document, no termination of this Agreement shall affect Agent s, Collateral Agent s or any Note Purchaser s rights or any of the Obligations existing as of the effective date of such termination, and the provisions of the Transaction Documents shall continue to be fully operative until the Obligations (other than indemnity obligations under the Transaction Documents that are not then due and payable or for which any events or claims that would give rise thereto are not then pending) have been fully performed and indefeasibly paid in cash in full. The Liens granted to Collateral Agent, under the Security Documents and the financing statements filed pursuant thereto and the rights and powers of Administrative Agent and Collateral Agent shall continue in full force and effect until all of the Obligations (other than indemnity obligations under the Transaction Documents that are not then due and payable or for which any events or claims that would give rise thereto are not then pending) have been fully performed and indefeasibly paid in full in cash. 
 11.2	Survival 
 All obligations, covenants, agreements, representations, warranties, waivers and indemnities made by Issuer in any Transaction Document shall survive the execution and delivery of the Transaction Documents, the Closing, the making and funding of the Notes and any termination of this Agreement until all Obligations (other than indemnity obligations of Issuer under the Transaction Documents that are not then due and payable or for which any events or claims that would give rise thereto are not then pending) are fully performed and indefeasibly paid in full in cash. The obligations and provisions of Sections 3.1 , 3.3 , 3. 4, 10.1 , 10.3 , 11.1 , 11.2 , 12.1 , 12.3 , 12.4 , 12.7 , 12.9 , 12.10 , 12.11 and 13.18 shall survive termination of the Transaction Documents and any payment in full of the Obligations. 
 XII.	 MISCELLANEOUS 
 12.1	Governing Law; Jurisdiction; Service of Process; Venue 
 (a)	 THE TRANSACTION DOCUMENTS ARE GOVERNED BY THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK IN RELIANCE ON NEW YORK GENERAL OBLIGATIONS LAW SECTION 5-1401, WITHOUT GIVING EFFECT TO ITS CHOICE OF LAW PROVISIONS THAT WOULD RESULT IN APPLICATION OF THE LAWS OF A DIFFERENT JURISDICTION. TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, EACH PARTY HEREBY UNCONDITIONALLY AND IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY CLAIM TO 
 80 

ASSERT THAT THE LAW OF ANY OTHER JURISDICTION GOVERNS THIS AGREEMENT AND THE OTHER TRANSACTION DOCUMENTS . 
 (b)	BY EXECUTION and delivery of each Transaction Document to which it is a party, each of the parties hereto hereby irrevocably and unconditionally submits, for itself and its property, to the nonexclusive jurisdiction of the Supreme Court of the State of New York sitting in New York County and of the United States District Court of the Southern District of New York, and any appellate court from any thereof, in any action or proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement, or for recognition or enforcement of any judgment, and each of the parties hereto hereby irrevocably and unconditionally agrees that all claims in respect of any such action or proceeding may be heard and determined in such New York State or, to the extent permitted by law, in such Federal court. Each of the parties hereto agrees that a final judgment in any such action or proceeding shall be conclusive and may be enforced in other jurisdictions by suit on the judgment or in any other manner provided by law. Nothing in this Agreement shall affect any right that Administrative Agent, COLLATERAL AGENT or any Note Purchaser may otherwise have to bring any action or proceeding relating to this Agreement against Issuer or its proper ties in the courts of any jurisdiction . 
 (c)	ISSUER hereby irrevocably and unconditionally waives, to the fullest extent it may legally and effectively do so, any objection which it may now or here after have to the laying of venue of any suit, action or proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement in any court referred to in paragraph (a) of this Section 12.1 . Each of the parties hereto hereby irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent permitted by law, the defense of an inconvenient forum to the maintenance of such action or proceeding in any such court . 
 (d)	EACH of the parties hereto waives personal service of process and irrevocably consents to service of process in the manner provided for notices in Section 12.5 . Nothing in this Agreement will affect the right of any party to this Agreement to serve process in any other manner permitted by law . 
 12.2	 Successors and Assigns; Assignments and Participations 
 (a)	Subject to Sections 12.2(f) and (h) , and so long as such assignment does not result in there being more than eighty (80) Note Purchasers and Participants in the aggregate, a Note Purchaser may at any time, with the consent of the Administrative Agent and the Issuer (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld), assign all or a portion of its rights and delegate all or a portion of its Revolving Commitment under this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents 
 81 

(including all its rights and obligations with respect to the Notes) to one or more Persons (a Transferee ); provided , that Issuer consent shall not be required (i) in connection with an assignment of a Note Purchaser s Note Fundings hereunder, (ii) in connection with a Note Purchaser s assignment of its Revolving Commitment to an Affiliate of such Note Purchaser or (iii) upon the occurrence and continuance of an Event of Default or Early Wind-Down Trigger Event. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, prior to the occurrence of an Event of Default, no Note Purchaser shall assign, pledge or otherwise transfer any Note or other Obligation to an Issuer Competitor without the prior written consent of Issuer. The Transferee and such Note Purchaser shall execute and deliver for acceptance and recording in the Note Purchaser Register, a Note Purchaser Addition Agreement, which shall be in form and substance reasonably acceptable to Administrative Agent in its sole discretion Note Purchaser Addition Agreement ). Upon such execution, delivery, acceptance and recording, from and after the effective date determined pursuant to such Note Purchaser Addition Agreement, (i) the Transferee thereunder shall be a party hereto and, to the extent provided in such Note Purchaser Addition Agreement, have the same rights, benefits and obligations as it would if it were a Note Purchaser hereunder, (ii) the assigning Note Purchaser shall be relieved of its obligations hereunder with respect to its Note Fundings or assigned portion thereof, as the case may be, to the extent that such obligations shall have been expressly assumed by the Transferee pursuant to such Note Purchaser Addition Agreement (and, in the case of a Note Purchaser Addition Agreement covering all or the remaining portion of an assigning Note Purchaser s rights and obligations under this Agreement, such assigning Note Purchaser shall cease to be a party hereto but, with respect to matters occurring before such assignment, shall nevertheless continue to be entitled to the benefits of Sections 12.4 and 12.7 ). Issuer hereby acknowledges and agrees that any assignment will give rise to a direct obligation of Issuer to the Transferee and that the Transferee shall be considered to be a Note Purchaser hereunder. Issuer may not sell, assign or transfer any interest in this Agreement, any of the other Transaction Documents, or any of the Obligations, or any portion thereof, including Issuer s rights, title, interests, remedies, powers, and duties hereunder or thereunder. 
 (b)	A Note Purchaser may at any time sell participations in all or any part of its rights and obligations under this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents (including all its rights and obligations with respect to the Notes) to one or more Persons (each, a Participant ). In the event of any such sale by a Note Purchaser of a participation to a Participant, (i) the Note Purchaser s obligations under this Agreement to the other parties to this Agreement shall remain unchanged, (ii) the Note Purchaser shall remain solely responsible for the performance thereof, (iii) the Note Purchaser shall remain the holder of the Notes for all purposes under this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents, (iv) Issuer and Administrative Agent shall continue to deal solely and directly with such Note Purchaser in connection with its rights and obligations under this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents, and (v) all amounts payable pursuant to Section 6.2 by Issuer hereunder shall be determined as if such Note Purchaser had not sold such participation. Any agreement pursuant to which a Note Purchaser shall sell any such participation shall provide that such Note Purchaser shall retain the sole right and responsibility to exercise its rights and enforce Issuer s obligations hereunder, including the right to consent to any amendment, supplement, modification or waiver of any provision of this Agreement or any of the other Transaction Documents; provided , that such participation agreement may provide that such Note Purchaser will not agree, without the consent of the Participant, to any amendment, supplement, modification or waiver of: (A) any reduction in the principal amount, interest rate or fees payable with respect to the Notes in which such holder participates; (B) any extension of the termination 
 82 

date of this Agreement or the date fixed for any payment of principal, interest or fees payable with respect to the Notes in which such holder participates; and (C) any release of all or substantially all of the Collateral (other than in accordance with the terms of this Agreement or the Transaction Documents). Issuer hereby acknowledges and agrees that the Participant under each participation shall, solely for the purposes of Sections 12.4 and 12.7 of this Agreement be considered to be a Note Purchaser hereunder. The Issuer agrees that each Participant shall be entitled to the benefits of Sections 3.3 and 13.8 (subject to the requirements and limitations therein, including the requirements under Section 13.8(f) (it being understood that the documentation required under Section 13.8(f) shall be delivered to the participating Note Purchaser)) to the same extent as if it were a Note Purchaser and had acquired its interest by assignment pursuant to paragraph (a) of this Section; provided that such Participant shall not be entitled to receive any greater payment under Sections 3.3 or 13.8 , with respect to any participation, than its participating Note Purchaser would have been entitled to receive, except to the extent such entitlement to receive a greater payment results from a Change in Law that occurs after the Participant acquired the applicable participation. Each Note Purchaser that sells a participation shall, acting solely for this purpose as a non-fiduciary agent of Issuer, maintain a register on which it enters the name and address of each Participant and the principal amounts (and stated interest) of each Participant s interest in the Notes (including the Note Fundings made by, and the principal amount of the Notes owing to, and the Revolving Commitments of, each Participant from time to time) or other obligations under any Transaction Document (the Participant Register ); provided that no Note Purchaser shall have any obligation to disclose all or any portion of the Participant Register (including the identity of any Participant or any information relating to a Participant s interest in any commitments, loans, letters of credit or its other obligations under any Transaction Document) to any Person except to the extent that such disclosure is necessary to establish that such commitment, loan, letter of credit or other obligation is in registered form under Treasury Regulation Section 5f.103-1(c). The entries in the Participant Register shall be conclusive absent manifest error, and such Note Purchaser shall treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Participant Register as the owner of such participation for all purposes of this Agreement notwithstanding any notice to the contrary. For the avoidance of doubt, the Administrative Agent (in its capacity as Administrative Agent) shall have no responsibility for maintaining a Participant Register. 
 (c)	Administrative Agent, on behalf of Issuer, shall maintain at its address referred to in Section 12.5 a copy of each Note Purchaser Addition Agreement delivered to it and a written or electronic register (the Note Purchaser Register for the recordation of the names and addresses of the Note Purchaser and the Note Fundings made by, and the principal amount of the Notes owing to, and the Revolving Commitments of, each Note Purchaser from time to time. Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, the entries in the Note Purchaser Register shall be conclusive absent manifest error, and Issuer and the Administrative Agent shall treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Note Purchaser Register as the owner of the Notes, the Revolving Commitments and the Note Fundings recorded therein for all purposes of this Agreement. The Note Purchaser Register shall be available for inspection by the Issuer or any Note Purchaser at any reasonable time and from time to time upon reasonable prior notice. 
 (d)	Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, no assignment under Section 12.2(a) of any rights or obligations under or in respect of the Notes shall be effective unless and until Administrative Agent shall have recorded the assignment pursuant to Section 12.2(c) . Upon its receipt of a Note Purchaser Addition Agreement executed by an assigning Note 
 83 

Purchaser and a Transferee, Administrative Agent shall (i) promptly accept such Note Purchaser Addition Agreement and (ii) on the effective date determined pursuant thereto record the information contained therein in the Note Purchaser Register and give prompt notice of such acceptance and recordation to the Note Purchaser and Issuer. On or prior to such effective date, the assigning Note Purchaser shall surrender any outstanding Notes held by it, all or a portion of which are being assigned, and Issuer, at its own expense, shall, upon the request of Administrative Agent by the assigning Note Purchaser or the Transferee, as applicable, execute and deliver to Administrative Agent, within five (5) Business Days of any request, new Notes to reflect the interest held by the assigning Note Purchaser and its Transferee. 
 (e)	Except as otherwise provided in this Section 12.2 Administrative Agent shall not, as between Issuer and Agent, be relieved of any of its obligations hereunder as a result of any sale, assignment, transfer or negotiation of, or granting of participation in, all or any part of the Notes or other Obligations owed to Administrative Agent and Note Purchasers. Agent may furnish any information concerning Issuer in the possession of Administrative Agent from time to time to assignees and participants (including prospective assignees and participants), subject to confidentiality requirements hereunder. 
 (f)	Notwithstanding any other provision set forth in this Agreement, Administrative Agent may at any time create a security interest in all or any portion of its rights under this Agreement, including the Notes held by it and the other Transaction Documents and Collateral. 
 (g)	Issuer agrees to use commercially reasonable efforts to assist Agent in assigning or selling participations in all or any part of the Notes held by any Note Purchaser to another Person identified by such Note Purchaser. 
 (h)	Notwithstanding anything in the Transaction Documents to the contrary, (i) Administrative Agent and its Affiliates shall not be required to execute and deliver a Note Purchaser Addition Agreement in connection with any transaction involving its Affiliates or Note Purchasers, (ii) no Note Purchaser or funding or financing source of Administrative Agent or its Affiliates shall be considered a Transferee, (iii) there shall be no limitation or restriction on Agent s ability to assign or otherwise transfer any Transaction Document to any such Affiliate or Note Purchaser or funding or financing source, and (iv) there shall be no limitation or restriction on such Affiliates or Note Purchasers or financing or funding sources ability to assign or otherwise transfer any Transaction Document, Note or Obligation (or any of its rights thereunder or interest therein); provided , however , Administrative Agent shall continue to be liable as a Note Purchaser under the Transaction Documents unless such Affiliate or Note Purchaser or funding or financing source executes a Note Purchaser Addition Agreement and thereby becomes a Note Purchaser. 
 (i)	The Transaction Documents shall inure to the benefit of Administrative Agent, Note Purchasers, Transferee, Participant (to the extent expressly provided herein only) and all future holders of the Notes, the Obligations and/or any of the Collateral, and each of their respective successors and permitted assigns. Each Transaction Document shall be binding upon the Persons other than Administrative Agent that are parties thereto and their respective successors and assigns, and no such Person may assign, delegate or transfer any Transaction Document or 
 84 

any of its rights or obligations thereunder without the prior written consent of Administrative Agent. No rights are intended to be created under any Transaction Document for the benefit of any third party, creditor or incidental beneficiary of Issuer. Nothing contained in any Transaction Document shall be construed as a delegation to Administrative Agent of any other Person s duty of performance. ISSUER ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT AT ANY TIME AND FROM TIME TO TIME MAY (I) DIVIDE AND REISSUE (WITHOUT SUBSTANTIVE CHANGES OTHER THAN THOSE RESULTING FROM SUCH DIVISION) THE NOTES, AND/OR (II) SELL, ASSIGN OR GRANT PARTICIPATING INTERESTS IN OR TRANSFER ALL OR ANY PART OF ITS RIGHTS OR OBLIGATIONS UNDER ANY TRANSACTION DOCUMENT, NOTE, THE OBLIGATIONS AND/OR THE COLLATERAL TO OTHER PERSONS, IN EACH CASE ON THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS PROVIDED HEREIN. Each Transferee and Participant shall have all of the rights, obligations and benefits with respect to the Obligations, Notes, Collateral and/or Transaction Documents held by it as fully as if the original holder thereof; provided , that, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in any Transaction Document, Issuer shall not be obligated to pay under this Agreement to any Transferee or Participant any sum in excess of the sum which it would have been obligated to pay to Administrative Agent had such participation not been effected. Administrative Agent may disclose to any Transferee or Participant all information, reports, financial statements, certificates and documents obtained under any provision of any Transaction Document; provided , that Transferees and Participants shall be subject to the confidentiality provisions contained herein that are applicable to Administrative Agent. 
 (j)	Any Note Purchaser may assign or pledge all or any portion of the Notes held by it to any Federal Reserve Bank or the United States Treasury as collateral security to secure obligations of such Note Purchaser, including any assignment or pledge pursuant to Regulation A of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System and any Operating Circular issued by such Federal Reserve Bank, provided , that any payment in respect of such assigned Notes made by Issuer to or for the account of the assigning or pledging Note Purchaser in accordance with the terms of this Agreement shall satisfy Issuer s obligations hereunder in respect to such assigned Notes to the extent of such payment. No such assignment shall release the assigning Note Purchaser from its obligations hereunder. 
 12.3	Application of Payments 
 To the extent that any payment made or received with respect to the Obligations is subsequently invalidated, determined to be fraudulent or preferential, set aside, defeased or required to be repaid to a trustee, debtor in possession, receiver, custodian or any other Person under any Debtor Relief Law, common law or equitable cause or any other law, then the Obligations intended to be satisfied by such payment shall be revived and shall continue as if such payment had not been received by Administrative Agent and the Liens created hereby shall be revived automatically without any action on the part of any party hereto and shall continue as if such payment had not been received by Administrative Agent. Except as specifically provided in this Agreement, any payments with respect to the Obligations received shall be credited and applied in such manner and order as Administrative Agent shall decide in its sole discretion, except amounts due and owing to the Collateral Agent and Paying Agent which shall be paid in accordance with Section 2.4(a) and, after the occurrence of an Event of Default, without regard to any annual caps. 
 85 

12.4	Indemnity 
 (a)	Issuer hereby agrees that it will indemnify, defend and hold harmless (on an after Tax basis) the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent, the Paying Agent and the Note Purchasers, and their respective successors and permitted assigns and their respective directors, officers, Administrative Agents, employees, advisors, shareholders, attorneys and Affiliates (each, an Indemnified Person from and against any and all losses, claims, damages, liabilities, deficiencies, obligations, fines, penalties, actions (whether threatened or existing), judgments, suits (whether threatened or existing) or expenses (including, without limitation, reasonable fees and disbursements of counsel, experts, consultants and other professionals) incurred by any of them (collectively, Claims (except, in the case of each Indemnified Person, to the extent that any Claim is determined in a final and non-appealable judgment by a court of competent jurisdiction to have directly resulted from such Indemnified Person s gross negligence, willful misconduct or bad faith) arising out of or by reason of (i) any litigation, investigation, claim or proceeding related to (1) this Agreement, any other Transaction Document or the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby, (2) any actual or proposed use by Issuer of the proceeds of the Note Funding, (3) the Administrative Agent s, the Collateral Agent s or any Note Purchaser s entering into this Agreement, or the other Transaction Documents (other than consequential damages and loss of anticipated profits or earnings), including, without limitation, amounts paid in settlement, court costs and the reasonable fees and disbursements of counsel incurred in connection with any such litigation, investigation, claim or proceeding, (ii) any remedial or other action taken or required to be taken by Issuer or Enova in connection with compliance by such party, or any of its properties, with any Applicable Law, (iii) any pending, threatened or actual action, claim, proceeding or suit by any shareholder or director of Issuer or Enova or any actual or purported violation of Issuer s or Enova s governing documents or any other agreement or instrument to which Issuer or Enova is a party or by which any of its properties is bound, (iv) any willful misrepresentation with respect to Issuer or the Collateral, (v) any acts of fraud by Issuer or Enova related to the Notes or made in connection with this Agreement or any Transaction Document, (vi) any Change of Control not approved in writing by Administrative Agent, (vii) any material waste, transfer, sale, encumbrance or other disposal of the Collateral not permitted by this Agreement or the other Transaction Document or (viii) any failure to comply with the special purpose entity covenants set forth in Section 6.13 hereof. In addition, Issuer shall, upon demand, pay to the Administrative Agent all reasonable costs and expenses incurred by the Administrative Agent (including the reasonable fees and disbursements of counsel and other professionals) in connection with the preparation, execution, delivery, administration, modification and amendment of the Transaction Documents, and pay to the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent, the Paying Agent and each Note Purchaser all costs and expenses (including the reasonable fees and disbursements of counsel and other professionals) paid or incurred by the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent, the Paying Agent or such Note Purchaser in (1) enforcing or defending its rights under or in respect of this Agreement, the other Transaction Documents or any other document or instrument now or hereafter executed and delivered in connection herewith, (2) collecting the Obligations or otherwise administering this Agreement and (3) foreclosing or otherwise realizing upon the Collateral or any part thereof. If and to the extent that the obligations of Issuer or Enova hereunder or any other Transaction Document are unenforceable for any reason, Issuer hereby agrees to make the maximum contribution to the payment and satisfaction of such obligations that is permissible under Applicable Law. Without limiting any of the foregoing, Issuer indemnifies the Indemnified Person for all claims for brokerage fees or commissions (other than claims of a broker with whom 
 86 

such Indemnified Person has directly contracted in writing) which may be made in connection with respect to any aspect of, or any transaction contemplated by or referred to in, or any matter related to, any Transaction Document or any agreement, document or transaction contemplated thereby. 
 (b)	Issuer s obligations under Sections 3.3 and 13.8 and this Section 12.4 shall survive any termination of this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents and the payment in full of the Obligations, and are in addition to, and not in substitution of, any of the other Obligations. 
 (c)	All payments due under this Section 12.4 are payable promptly (and in any event within three (3) Business Days) after written demand therefor. 
 12.5	Notice 
 Any notice or request under any Transaction Document shall be given to any party to this Agreement at such party s address set forth beneath its signature on the signature page to this Agreement, or at such other address as such party may hereafter specify in a notice given in the manner required under this Section 12.5 . Any notice or request hereunder shall be given only by, and shall be deemed to have been received upon (each, a Receipt ): (i) registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, on the date on which such received as indicated in such return receipt, (ii) delivery by a nationally recognized overnight courier, one (1) Business Day after deposit with such courier, or (iii) facsimile or electronic transmission, in each case upon telephone or further electronic communication from the recipient acknowledging receipt (whether automatic or manual from recipient), as applicable. 
 12.6	Severability; Captions; Counterparts; Facsimile Signatures 
 In case any provision in or obligation under this Agreement, the Notes or any other Transaction Document shall be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any jurisdiction, the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions or obligations, or of such provision or obligation in any other jurisdiction, shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby. The captions in the Transaction Documents are intended for convenience and reference only and shall not affect the meaning or interpretat ion of the Transaction Documents. This Agreement and any waiver or amendment hereto may be executed in counterparts and by the parties hereto in separate counterparts, each of which when so executed and delivered shall be an original, but all of which shall together constitute one and the same instrument. This Agreement and each of the other Transaction Documents may be executed and delivered by telecopier or other facsimile transmission all with the same force and effect as if the same was a fully executed and delivered original manual counterpart. Delivery of an executed signature page of this Agreement and each of the other Transaction Documents by facsimile transmission or Electronic Transmission shall be as effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart hereof. 
 12.7	Expenses 
 Issuer shall pay, whether or not the Closing occurs, all fees, costs and expenses incurred or earned by Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent, the Paying Agent, any Note Purchaser, 
 87 

and/or its Affiliates, including, without limitation, portfolio management, documentation and diligence fees and expenses, all search, audit, appraisal, recording, professional and filing fees and expenses and all other charges and expenses (including, without limitation, UCC and judgment and tax lien searches and UCC filings and fees for post-Closing UCC and judgment and tax lien searches and wire transfer fees and audit expenses), and reasonable external attorneys fees and expenses, (a) in any effort to enforce, protect or collect payment of any Obligation or to enforce any Transaction Document or any related agreement, document or instrument, (b) in connection with entering into, negotiating, preparing, reviewing and executing the Transaction Documents and/or any related agreements, documents or instruments (subject to an aggregate cap of 125,000 for the legal fees of counsel to the Note Purchasers (which cap does not include the costs of regulatory counsel)), (c) arising in any way out of administration of the Obligations or the taking or refraining from taking by Administrative Agent of any action requested by Issuer, (d) in connection with instituting, maintaining, preserving, enforcing and/or foreclosing on Collateral Agent s Liens on any of the Collateral under the Transaction Documents, whether through judicial proceedings or otherwise, (e) in defending or prosecuting any actions, claims or proceedings arising out of or relating to Administrative Agent s, Collateral Agent s or any Note Purchaser s transactions with Issuer, (f) in seeking, obtaining or receiving any advice with respect to its rights and obligations under any Transaction Document and any related agreement, document or instrument, (g) arising out of or relating to any Default or Event of Default or occurring thereafter or as a result thereof, (h) subject to the limitations set forth in Section 6.7 hereof, in connection with all actions, visits, audits and inspections undertaken by Administrative Agent or its Affiliates pursuant to the Transaction Documents, and/or (i) in connection with any modification, restatement, supplement, amendment, waiver or extension of any Transaction Document and/or any related agreement, document or instrument. All of the foregoing shall be charged to Issuer s account and shall be part of the Obligations. If Administrative Agent, Collateral Agent, Paying Agent, Note Purchaser or any of their Affiliates uses in-house counsel for any purpose for which Issuer is responsible to pay or indemnify, Issuer expressly agrees that their indemnification obligations include reasonable charges for such work commensurate with the fees that would otherwise be charged by outside legal counsel selected by such Indemnified Person in its sole discretion for the work performed. Without limiting the foregoing, Issuer shall pay all Taxes (other than Taxes based upon or measured by Administrative Agent s income or revenues or any personal property Tax), if any, in connection with the issuance of any Note and the filing and/or recording of any documents and/or financing statements. 
 12.8	Entire Agreement 
 This Agreement and the other Transaction Documents to which Issuer is a party constitute the entire agreement between Issuer, Administrative Agent, Collateral Agent, Paying Agent and Note Purchasers with respect to the subject matter hereof and thereof, and supersede all prior agreements and understandings (including the term sheets dated on or about September 2022), if any, relating to the subject matter hereof or thereof. Any promises, representations, warranties or guarantees not herein contained and hereinafter made shall have no force and effect unless in writing signed by Issuer, Administrative Agent and Requisite Note Purchasers, as appropriate. Except as set forth in and subject to Section 10.4 , no provision of any Transaction Document may be changed, modified, amended, restated, waived, supplemented, discharged, canceled or terminated orally or by any course of dealing or in any other manner other than by an agreement in writing signed by the parties thereto and consented to by the Administrative Agent, provided , 
 88 

that no consent or agreement by Issuer shall be required to amend, modify, change, restate, waive, supplement, discharge, cancel or terminate any provision of Article XIII hereof so long as no additional duties are required to be assumed by Issuer. Each party hereto acknowledges that it has been advised by counsel in connection with the negotiation and execution of this Agreement and is not relying upon oral representations or statements inconsistent with the terms and provisions hereof. The schedules attached hereto may be amended or supplemented by Issuer upon delivery to Administrative Agent of such amendments or supplements and, except as expressly provided otherwise in this Agreement, the written approval thereof by Administrative Agent. The preparation of this Agreement has been a joint effort of the parties hereto and their counsel. The resulting document shall not as matter of judicial construction be construed more severely against one of the parties or against any particular draftsman. 
 12.9	Approvals and Duties 
 Unless expressly provided herein to the contrary, any approval, consent, waiver or satisfaction of Administrative Agent with respect to any matter that is subject of any Transaction Document may be granted or withheld by Administrative Agent in its sole and absolute discretion. Except as otherwise required by law, neither Administrative Agent nor Collateral Agent shall have any responsibility for or obligation or duty with respect to any of the Collateral or any matter or proceeding arising out of or relating thereto, including any obligation or duty to collect any sums due in respect thereof or to protect or preserve any rights pertaining thereto. 
 12.10	 Publicity 
 On or after the Closing Date, Administrative Agent or Issuer may, at its own expense issue news releases and publish tombstone advertisements and other announcements (collectively, Trade Announcements relating to this transaction in newspapers, trade journals and other appropriate media (which may include use of logos of Administrative Agent and one or more of Issuer). Issuer may not submit any such Trade Announcement for publication without the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent (in each case, such consent not to be unreasonably withheld, and shall be deemed provided unless expressly withheld by the Administrative Agent, as applicable, within twenty (20) Business Days of request therefor). Issuer may, from time to time after consent from Agent, publish any such Trade Announcements in any media form desired by Issuer until such time that the Administrative Agent requests Issuer to cease any such further publication. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Issuer may issue any disclosures required by Applicable Law, legal process or the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission without the prior approval of Administrative Agent. 
 12.11	Release of Collateral 
 (a)	 So long as no Early Wind-Down Trigger Event, Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, upon request of Issuer, Collateral Agent (at the written direction of Administrative Agent) shall release any Lien granted to or held by Collateral Agent upon any Collateral being sold or disposed of in compliance with the provisions of the Transaction Documents, as determined by Administrative Agent in its sole discretion, subject to compliance with Sections 2.5 and 2.6 hereof, as applicable. Upon receipt of the proceeds of such sale or disposition in accordance with this Agreement, Administrative Agent and Collateral Agent (at the 
 89 

written direction of the Administrative Agent) shall execute and deliver such documents, at Issuer s expense, as are necessary to release Collateral Agent s Liens on the applicable Collateral and shall return the applicable Collateral to Issuer; provided , however , that the parties agree that, notwithstanding any such termination or release or the execution, delivery or filing of any such documents or the return of any Collateral, if and to the extent that any such payment made or received with respect to the Obligations is subsequently invalidated, determined to be fraudulent or preferential, set aside, defeased or required to be repaid to a trustee, debtor in possession, receiver, custodian or any other Person under any Debtor Relief Law, common law or equitable cause or any other law, then the Obligations intended to be satisfied by such payment shall be revived and shall continue as if such payment had not been received by Administrative Agent and the Liens created hereby shall be revived automatically without any action on the part of any party hereto and shall continue as if such payment had not been received by Administrative Agent. Neither Administrative Agent nor Collateral Agent shall be deemed to have made any representation or warranty with respect to any Collateral so delivered except that such Collateral is free and clear, on the date of such delivery, of any and all Liens arising from such Person s own acts. 
 (b)	Notwithstanding anything in the foregoing Section 12.11(a) to the contrary, in order to give effect to a Permitted Disposition, the relevant Receivable(s) may be sold without the prior consent of Administrative Agent, Collateral Agent or any of the Note Purchasers; provided that Issuer shall, or shall cause the Servicer to, immediately deposit all proceeds from such sale into a Collection Receipt Account and all proceeds from any repurchase under the Purchase and Sale Agreement to the Collateral Account. Provided that no Early Wind-Down Trigger Event or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, if such amounts described in the prior sentence are deposited in a Collection Receipt Account or Collateral Account, as applicable, then, (i) Collateral Agent s Lien on such Receivables that are subject to such Permitted Disposition shall be automatically released without any further action and (ii) Collateral Agent (at the written direction of Administrative Agent) shall execute such documents, releases and instruments of transfer or assignment, reasonably requested and prepared by Issuer and take such other actions as shall reasonably be requested by Issuer to effect the release of such Receivables removed pursuant to a Permitted Disposition, in each case at Issuer s sole cost and expense. Issuer shall deliver, or cause the Servicer to deliver, a schedule of any Receivables released as provided in this Section 12.11(b) to Administrative Agent in connection with the Monthly Collateral and Servicing Report and shall update all other reports and schedules accordingly. 
 (c)	Subject to Section 12.3 , promptly following full performance and satisfaction and indefeasible payment in full in cash of all Obligations (other than indemnity obligations of Issuer under the Transaction Documents that are not then due and payable or for which any events or claims that would give rise thereto are not then pending) and the termination of this Agreement, the Liens created hereby shall terminate and Administrative Agent and Collateral Agent (at the written direction of the Administrative Agent), as applicable, shall execute and deliver such documents, at Issuer s expense, as are necessary to release Collateral Agent s Liens on the Collateral and shall return the Collateral to Issuer; provided , however , that the parties agree that, notwithstanding any such termination or release or the execution, delivery or filing of any such documents or the return of any Collateral, if and to the extent that any such payment made or received with respect to the Obligations is subsequently invalidated, determined to be fraudulent or preferential, set aside, defeased or required to be repaid to a trustee, debtor in possession, 
 90 

receiver, custodian or any other Person under any Debtor Relief Law, common law or equitable cause or any other law, then the Obligations intended to be satisfied by such payment shall be revived and shall continue as if such payment had not been received by Administrative Agent and the Liens created hereby shall be revived automatically without any action on the part of any party hereto and shall continue as if such payment had not been received by Administrative Agent. Neither Administrative Agent nor Collateral Agent shall not be deemed to have made any representation or warranty with respect to any Collateral so delivered except that such Collateral is free and clear, on the date of such delivery, of any and all Liens arising from such Person s own acts . 
 12.12	Times of Day 
 Unless otherwise specified, all references herein to times of day shall be references to Eastern time (daylight or standard, as applicable). 
 12.13	Rounding 
 Any ratios required to be maintained by Issuer pursuant to this Agreement shall be calculated by dividing the appropriate component by the other component, carrying the result to one place more than the number of places by which such ratio is expressed herein and rounding the result up or down to the nearest number (with a rounding-up if there is no nearest number). 
 12.14	No Advisory or Fiduciary Responsibility 
 In connection with all aspects of each transaction contemplated hereby (including in connection with any amendment, waiver or other modification hereof or of any other Transaction Document), the Issuer acknowledges and agrees that: (i) (A) the arranging and other services regarding this Agreement provided by the Note Purchasers are arm s-length commercial transactions between Issuer and its Affiliates, on the one hand, and the Note Purchasers and their Affiliates, on the other hand, (B) Issuer has consulted its own legal, accounting, regulatory and tax advisors to the extent it has deemed appropriate, and (C) Issuer is capable of evaluating, and understands and accepts, the terms, risks and conditions of the transactions contemplated hereby and by the other Transaction Documents; (ii) (A) each of the Note Purchasers and their Affiliates is and has been acting solely as a principal and, except as expressly agreed in writing by the relevant parties, has not been, is not, and will not be acting as an advisor, Administrative Agent or fiduciary for Issuer or any of its Affiliates, or any other Person and (B) no Note Purchaser or any of its Affiliates has any obligation to Issuer or any of its Affiliates with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby except, in the case of a Note Purchaser, those obligations expressly set forth herein and in the other Transaction Documents; and (iii) each of the Note Purchasers and their respective Affiliates may be engaged in a broad range of transactions that involve interests that differ from those of Issuer and its Affiliates, and no Note Purchaser or any of its Affiliates has any obligation to disclose any of such interests to Issuer or its Affiliates. To the fullest extent permitted by law, the Issuer hereby waives and releases any claims that it may have against each of the Note Purchasers and their Affiliates with respect to any breach or alleged breach of agency or fiduciary duty in connection with any aspect of any transaction contemplated hereby. 
 91 

12.15	Independent Effect of Covenants 
 Issuer expressly acknowledges and agrees that each covenant contained in Articles VI or VII hereof shall be given independent effect. Accordingly, Issuer shall not engage in any transaction or other act otherwise permitted under any covenant contained in Articles VI or VII , if, before or after giving effect to such transaction or act, Issuer shall or would be in breach of any other covenant contained in Articles VI or VII . 
 12.16	Right of Setoff. 
 If an Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, each Note Purchaser and each of its Affiliates is hereby authorized at any time and from time to time, to the fullest extent permitted by law, to set off and apply any and all deposits (general or special, time or demand, provisional or final and in whatever currency denominated) at any time held and other obligations at any time owing by such Note Purchaser or Affiliate to or for the credit or the account of Issuer against any of and all of the Obligations held by such Note Purchaser, irrespective of whether or not such Note Purchaser shall have made any demand under the Transaction Documents and although such obligations may be unmatured; provided that, in the event that any Non-Funding Note Purchaser shall exercise any such right of setoff, (i) all amounts so set off shall be paid over immediately to Administrative Agent for further application in accordance with the provisions of Section 13.3 and, pending such payment, shall be segregated by such Non-Funding Note Purchaser from its other funds and deemed held in trust for the benefit of Administrative Agent, Collateral Agent and Note Purchasers, and (ii) the Non-Funding Note Purchaser shall provide promptly to Administrative Agent a statement describing in reasonable detail the Obligations owing to such Non-Funding Note Purchaser as to which it exercised such right of setoff. The rights of each Note Purchaser under this Section are in addition to other rights and remedies (including other rights of setoff) which such Note Purchaser may have. Each Note Purchaser agrees to notify Issuer and Administrative Agent promptly after any such setoff and application by such Note Purchaser; provided that, the failure to give such notice shall not affect the validity of such setoff and application. 
 12.17	Confidentiality. 
 Each of Administrative Agent, Collateral Agent and the Note Purchasers agrees to maintain the confidentiality of the Information (as defined below), except that Information may be disclosed (a) to its Related Parties (it being understood that the Persons to whom such disclosure is made will be informed of the confidential nature of such Information and instructed to keep such Information confidential), (b) to the extent requested by any regulatory authority (including any self-regulatory authority, such as the National Association of Insurance Commissioners), (c) to the extent required by Applicable Laws or by any subpoena or similar legal process, (d) to any other party to this Agreement, (e) in connection with the exercise of any remedies under this Agreement or any other Transaction Document or any suit, action or proceeding relating to this Agreement or any other Transaction Document or the enforcement of rights hereunder or thereunder, (f) subject to an agreement containing provisions substantially the same as those of this Section, to (i) any assignee of or Participant in, or any prospective assignee of or Participant in, any of its rights or obligations under this Agreement or (ii) any actual or prospective party (or its Related Parties) to any swap, derivative or other transaction under which payments are to be made by reference to 
 92 

Issuer and its obligations, this Agreement or payments hereunder, (g) on a confidential basis to (i) any rating agency in connection with rating Issuer or its Subsidiaries or the credit facilities evidenced by this Agreement or (ii) the CUSIP Service Bureau or any similar agency in connection with the issuance and monitoring of CUSIP numbers with respect to the credit facilities evidenced by this Agreement, (h) with the consent of Issuer or (i) to the extent such Information (i) becomes publicly available other than as a result of a breach of this Section or (ii) becomes available to Administrative Agent, Collateral Agent, any Note Purchaser or any of their respective Affiliates on a nonconfidential basis from a source other than Issuer. For the purposes of this Section, Information means all information received from Issuer relating to Issuer or its business, other than any such information that is available to Administrative Agent, Collateral Agent or any Note Purchaser on a nonconfidential basis prior to disclosure by Issuer; provided that, in the case of information received from Issuer after the date hereof, such information is clearly identified at the time of delivery as confidential. Any Person required to maintain the confidentiality of Information as provided in this Section shall be considered to have complied with its obligation to do so if such Person has exercised the same degree of care to maintain the confidentiality of such Information as such Person would accord to its own confidential information. 
 12.18	Inconsistencies with Other Documents. 
 In the event there is a conflict or inconsistency between this Agreement and any other Transaction Document, the terms of this Agreement shall control; provided that any provision of the Collateral Documents which imposes additional burdens on Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries or further restricts the rights of Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries or gives Administrative Agent, Collateral Agent or Note Purchasers additional rights shall not be deemed to be in conflict or inconsistent with this Agreement and shall be given full force and effect. 
 XIII.	AGENT PROVISIONS; SETTLEMENT 
 13.1	Administrative Agent and Collateral Agent. 
 (a)	 Appointment . Each Note Purchaser hereby designates and appoints Jefferies Funding LLC as the administrative agent, and Citibank, N.A., as paying agent and collateral agent, under this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents, and each Note Purchaser hereby irrevocably authorizes Jefferies Funding LLC, as Administrative Agent for such Note Purchaser, or Citibank, N.A., as Collateral Agent for such Note Purchaser, as applicable, to take such action or to refrain from taking such action on its behalf under the provisions of this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents and to exercise such powers and perform such duties as are delegated to Administrative Agent or Collateral Agent, as applicable, by the terms of this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents, together with such other powers as are reasonably incidental thereto. Each of Administrative Agent, Paying Agent and Collateral Agent agrees to act as such on the conditions contained in this Article XIII . The provisions of this Article XIII are solely for the benefit of Administrative Agent, Paying Agent, Collateral Agent and Note Purchasers, and Issuer shall have no rights as a third-party beneficiary of any of the provisions of this Article XIII other than the second sentence of Section 13.1(h)(iii) . Administrative Agent, Paying Agent and Collateral Agent may perform any of its respective duties hereunder, or under the Transaction Documents, by or through its agents, employees or sub-agents. The Collateral Agent is hereby authorized and directed to enter into the Transaction Documents to which it is a party. 
 93 

(b)	 Nature of Duties . In performing its functions and duties under this Agreement, each of Administrative Agent, Paying Agent and Collateral Agent is acting solely on behalf of the Note Purchasers, and its duties are administrative in nature, and does not assume and shall not be deemed to have assumed, any obligation toward or relationship of agency or trust with or for Note Purchasers or Issuer. None of Administrative Agent, Paying Agent or Collateral Agent shall have any duties, obligations or responsibilities except those expressly set forth in this Agreement or in the other Transaction Documents. None of Administrative Agent, Paying Agent or Collateral Agent shall have by reason of this Agreement or any other Transaction Document a fiduciary relationship (and no implied duties, including fiduciary duties, covenants or obligations will be read into this Agreement) in respect of any Note Purchaser or any other Person. Each Note Purchaser shall make its own independent investigation of the financial condition and affairs of Issuer in connection with the extension of credit hereunder and shall make its own appraisal of the creditworthiness of Issuer. Except for information, notices, reports and other documents expressly required to be furnished to Note Purchasers by Administrative Agent or Collateral Agent hereunder or given to Administrative Agent or Collateral Agent for the account of or with copies for Note Purchasers, neither Administrative Agent nor Collateral Agent shall have any duty or responsibility, either initially or on a continuing basis, to provide any Note Purchaser with any credit or other information with respect thereto, whether coming into its possession before the Closing Date or at any time or times thereafter. If Administrative Agent seeks the consent or approval of any Note Purchasers to the taking or refraining from taking any action hereunder, then Administrative Agent shall send prior written notice thereof to each Note Purchaser. Administrative Agent shall promptly notify each Note Purchaser in writing any time that the applicable percentage of Note Purchasers have instructed Agent to act or refrain from acting pursuant hereto. 
 (c)	 Rights, Exculpation, Etc . None of Administrative Agent, Paying Agent, Collateral Agent or any of its respective officers, directors, managers, members, equity owners, employees, attorneys or agents shall be liable to any Note Purchaser or any other Person for any action lawfully taken or omitted by them hereunder or under any of the other Transaction Documents, or in connection herewith or therewith; provided that the foregoing shall not prevent Administrative Agent, Paying Agent or Collateral Agent from being liable to the extent of its own gross negligence or willful misconduct as determined by a court of competent jurisdiction on a final and nonappealable basis. Notwithstanding the foregoing, each of Administrative Agent, Paying Agent and Collateral Agent shall be obligated on the terms set forth herein for performance of its express duties and obligations hereunder. Administrative Agent shall not be liable for any apportionment or distribution of payments made by it in good faith, and if any such apportionment or distribution is subsequently determined to have been made in error, the sole recourse of any Note Purchaser to whom payment was due but not made shall be to recover from the other Note Purchasers any payment in excess of the amount to which they are determined to be entitled (and such other Note Purchasers hereby agree promptly to return to such Note Purchaser any such erroneous payments received by them). In performing its functions and duties hereunder, Administrative Agent shall exercise the same care which it would in dealing with loans for its own account. None of Administrative Agent, Paying Agent or Collateral Agent shall be responsible to any Note Purchaser for any recitals, statements, representations or warranties made by Issuer or any other Person herein or for the execution, effectiveness, genuineness, validity, enforceability, collectability or sufficiency of this Agreement or any of the other Transaction Documents or the transactions contemplated thereby, or for the financial condition of Issuer. None of Administrative 
 94 

Agent, Paying Agent or Collateral Agent shall be required to make any inquiry concerning either the performance or observance of any of the terms, provisions, or conditions of this Agreement or any of the Transaction Documents or the financial condition of Issuer or any other Person, or the existence or possible existence of any Early Wind-Down Trigger Event, Default or Event of Default. Administrative Agent, Paying Agent or Collateral Agent may at any time request instructions from Note Purchasers with respect to any actions or approvals which by the terms of this Agreement or of any of the other Transaction Documents Administrative Agent, Paying Agent or Collateral Agent, as applicable, is permitted or required to take or to grant, and Administrative Agent, Paying Agent and Collateral Agent shall be absolutely entitled to refrain from taking any action or to withhold any approval and shall not be under any liability whatsoever to any Person for refraining from taking any action or withholding any approval under any of the Transaction Documents until it shall have received such instructions from the applicable percentage of Note Purchasers. Without limiting the foregoing, no Note Purchaser shall have any right of action whatsoever against Administrative Agent, Paying Agent or Collateral Agent as a result of Administrative Agent, Paying Agent or Collateral Agent, as applicable, acting or refraining from acting under this Agreement or any of the other Transaction Documents in accordance with the instructions of the applicable percentage of Note Purchasers and, notwithstanding the instructions of Note Purchasers, none of Administrative Agent, Paying Agent or Collateral Agent shall have any obligation to take any action if it, in good faith, believes that such action exposes Administrative Agent, Paying Agent, Collateral Agent or any of its respective officers, directors, managers, members, equity owners, employees, attorneys or agents to any personal liability unless Administrative Agent, Paying Agent or Collateral Agent, as applicable, receives an indemnification satisfactory to it from Note Purchasers with respect to such action. 
 
 (d)	 Reliance . Administrative Agent, Paying Agent and Collateral Agent shall be entitled to rely upon any written notices, statements, certificates, orders or other documents or any telephone message or other communication (including any writing, telex, telecopy or telegram) believed by it in good faith to be genuine and correct and to have been signed, sent or made by the proper Person, and with respect to all matters pertaining to this Agreement or any of the other Transaction Documents and its duties hereunder or thereunder, upon advice of legal counsel, independent accountants and other experts selected by Administrative Agent, Paying Agent or Collateral Agent in its sole discretion. 
 (e)	 Indemnification . Each Note Purchaser, severally and not (i) jointly or (ii) jointly and severally, agrees to reimburse and indemnify and hold harmless Administrative Agent, Paying Agent and Collateral Agent and their respective officers, directors, managers, members, equity owners, employees, attorneys and agents (to the extent not reimbursed by Issuer), ratably according to their respective Pro Rata Share in effect on the date on which indemnification is sought under this subsection of the total outstanding Obligations (or, if indemnification is sought after the date upon which the Notes shall have been paid in full, ratably in accordance with their Pro Rata Share immediately prior to such date of the total outstanding Obligations), from and against any and all liabilities, obligations, losses, damages, penalties, actions, judgments, suits, costs, expenses, advances, or disbursements of any kind or nature whatsoever which may be imposed on, incurred by, or asserted against Administrative Agent, Paying Agent, Collateral Agent or any of their respective officers, directors, managers, members, equity owners, employees, 
 95 

attorneys or agents in any way relating to or arising out of this Agreement or any of the other Transaction Documents or any action taken or omitted by Administrative Agent, Paying Agent or Collateral Agent under this Agreement or any of the other Transaction Documents; provided , however , that no Note Purchaser shall be liable for the payment of any portion of such liabilities, obligations, losses, damages, penalties, actions, judgments, suits, costs, expenses, advances or disbursements to the extent resulting from Administrative Agent s, Paying Agent s or Collateral Agent s gross negligence or willful misconduct as determined by a court of competent jurisdiction on a final and non-appealable basis. The obligations of Note Purchasers under this Article XIII shall survive the payment in full of the Obligations and the termination of this Agreement. 
 (f)	 Administrative Agent in its Individual Capacity . With respect to the Notes held by it, if any, Jefferies Funding LLC and its successors as the Administrative Agent shall have, and may exercise, the same rights and powers under the Transaction Documents, and is subject to the same obligations and liabilities, as and to the extent set forth in the Transaction Documents, as any other Note Purchaser. The terms Note Purchasers or Requisite Note Purchasers or any similar terms shall include Administrative Agent in its individual capacity as a Note Purchaser. Administrative Agent and its Affiliates may accept deposits from, lend money to, act as the financial advisor or in any other advisory capacity for and generally engage in any kind of lending, banking, trust, financial advisory or other business with, Issuer or any Subsidiary or Affiliate of Issuer as if it were not acting as Administrative Agent pursuant hereto. 
 (g)	 Successor Administrative Agent, Paying Agent and Collateral Agent . 
 (i)	 Resignation . Administrative Agent may resign from the performance of all or part of its functions and duties hereunder at any time by giving at least thirty (30) calendar days prior written notice to Issuer and Note Purchasers. Collateral Agent and Paying Agent may resign from the performance of all or part of its respective functions and duties hereunder at any time by giving at least thirty (30) calendar days prior written notice to Administrative Agent, Issuer and Note Purchasers. Such resignation shall take effect upon the acceptance by a successor Administrative Agent, Paying Agent or Collateral Agent, as applicable, of appointment pursuant to clause (ii) below or as otherwise provided below. The resignation or removal of the Paying Agent shall automatically cause the resignation or removal of the Collateral Agent, and visa versa. 
 (ii)	 Appointment of Successor . Upon any such notice of resignation of Administrative Agent, Paying Agent or Collateral Agent pursuant to clause (g)(i) of this Section 13.1 , Requisite Note Purchasers shall appoint a successor Administrative Agent, Paying Agent or Collateral Agent, as applicable, with the consent of Issuer, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, delayed or conditioned (or required if any Early Wind-Down Trigger Event, Default or Event of Default exists). If a successor Administrative Agent, Paying Agent or Collateral Agent shall not have been so appointed within said thirty (30) calendar day period referenced in clause (g)(i) above, the retiring Administrative Agent (with respect to the role of retiring administrative agent) or Jefferies Funding LLC (with respect to the role of retiring Collateral Agent or Paying Agent), upon notice to Issuer, may, on behalf of Note Purchasers, appoint a successor Administrative Agent, Paying Agent or Collateral Agent with the consent of Issuer, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, delayed or conditioned (or required if any Early Wind-Down 
 96 

Trigger Event, Default or Event of Default exists), who shall serve as Administrative Agent, Paying Agent or Collateral Agent, as applicable, until such time as Requisite Note Purchasers appoint a successor Administrative Agent, Paying Agent or Collateral Agent as provided above. If no successor Administrative Agent has been appointed pursuant to the foregoing within said thirty (30) calendar day period, the resignation shall become effective and Requisite Note Purchasers thereafter shall perform all the duties of Administrative Agent thereunder, until such time, if any, as Requisite Note Purchasers appoint a successor Administrative Agent as provided above. 
 (iii)	 Successor Administrative Agent, Paying Agent and Collateral Agent . Upon the acceptance of any appointment as Administrative Agent, Paying Agent or Collateral Agent under the Transaction Documents by a successor Administrative Agent, Paying Agent or Collateral Agent, such successor Administrative Agent, Paying Agent or Collateral Agent shall thereupon succeed to and become vested with all the rights, powers, privileges and duties of the retiring Administrative Agent, Paying Agent or Collateral Agent and, upon the earlier of such acceptance or the effective date of the retiring Administrative Agent s, Paying Agent s or Collateral Agent s resignation, the retiring Administrative Agent, Paying Agent or Collateral Agent shall be discharged from its duties and obligations under the Transaction Documents, provided that any indemnity rights or other rights in favor of such retiring Administrative Agent, Paying Agent or Collateral Agent shall continue after and survive such resignation and succession. After any retiring Administrative Agent s, Paying Agent s or Collateral Agent resignation under the Transaction Documents, the provisions of this Article XIII shall inure to its benefit as to any actions taken or omitted to be taken by it while it was Administrative Agent, Paying Agent or Collateral Agent under the Transaction Documents. 
 (h)	 Collateral Matters . 
 (i)	 Collateral . Each Note Purchaser agrees that any action taken by Administrative Agent, Collateral Agent or the Requisite Note Purchasers (or, where required by the express terms of this Agreement, a greater number of Note Purchasers) in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement or of the other Transaction Documents relating to the Collateral, and the exercise by Administrative Agent, Collateral Agent or the Requisite Note Purchasers (or, where so required, such greater number of Note Purchasers) of the powers set forth herein or therein, together with such other powers as are reasonably incidental thereto, shall be authorized and binding upon all of Note Purchasers, Collateral Agent and Administrative Agent. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, Administrative Agent shall have the sole and exclusive right and authority to (except as may be otherwise specifically restricted by the terms hereof or any other Transaction Document), exercise all rights and remedies given to the Administrative Agent and Note Purchasers with respect to the Collateral under the Transaction Documents related thereto, Applicable Law or otherwise. 
 (ii)	 Release of Collateral . Note Purchasers hereby irrevocably authorize Administrative Agent, at its option and in its discretion, to direct Collateral Agent in writing to release any Lien granted to or held by Collateral Agent, for the benefit the of Secured Parties, upon any Collateral covered by the Transaction Documents (A) upon 
 97 

termination of this Agreement, the termination of the Revolving Commitments and the indefeasible payment and satisfaction in full in cash of all Obligations (other than contingent indemnification Obligations to the extent no claim giving rise thereto has been asserted); or (B) constituting Collateral being sold or disposed of if Issuer certifies to Administrative Agent that the sale or disposition is made in compliance with the provisions of the Transaction Documents (and Administrative Agent may rely conclusively on any such certificate, without further inquiry). 
 (iii)	 Confirmation of Authority; Execution of Releases . Without in any manner limiting Administrative Agent s authority to act without any specific or further authorization or consent by Note Purchasers (as set forth in Section 13.1(h)(i) and (ii) ), each Note Purchaser agrees to confirm in writing, upon request by Issuer, the authority to release any property covered by this Agreement or the Transaction Documents conferred upon Administrative Agent or Collateral Agent under Section 13.1(h)(ii) . So long as no Early Wind-Down Trigger Event, Default or Event of Default exists, upon receipt by Administrative Agent of confirmation from the requisite percentage of Note Purchasers of its authority to release any particular item or types of Collateral covered by this Agreement or the other Transaction Documents, and upon at least five (5) Business Days prior written request by Issuer, Administrative Agent shall (and hereby is irrevocably authorized by Note Purchasers to) direct Collateral Agent in writing to execute such documents as may be necessary to evidence the release of the Liens granted to Collateral Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, herein or pursuant hereto upon such Collateral; provided , however , that (A) Administrative Agent shall not be required to execute, or to direct Collateral Agent to execute, any such document on terms which, in Administrative Agent s opinion, would expose Administrative Agent or Collateral Agent to liability or create any obligation or entail any consequence other than the release of such Liens without recourse or warranty (other than that such Collateral is free and clear, on the date of such delivery, of any and all Liens arising from such Person s own acts), and (B) such release shall not in any manner discharge, affect or impair the Obligations or any Liens upon (or obligations of Issuer in respect of) all interests retained by Issuer, including the proceeds of any sale, all of which shall continue to constitute part of the Collateral covered by this Agreement or the Transaction Documents. 
 (iv)	 Absence of Duty . None of Administrative Agent, Paying Agent or Collateral Agent shall have any obligation whatsoever to any Note Purchaser or any other Person to assure that the Collateral covered by this Agreement or the other Transaction Documents exists or is owned by Issuer or is cared for, protected or insured or has been encumbered or that the Liens granted to Collateral Agent, on behalf of the Secured Parties, herein or pursuant hereto have been properly or sufficiently or lawfully created, perfected, protected, enforced or maintained or are entitled to any particular priority, or to exercise at all or in any particular manner or under any duty of care, disclosure, or fidelity, or to continue exercising, any of the rights, authorities and powers granted or available to Administrative Agent, Paying Agent or Collateral Agent in this Section 13.1(h) or in any of the Transaction Documents; it being understood and agreed that in respect of the Collateral covered by this Agreement or the other Transaction Documents, or any act, omission or event related thereto, Administrative Agent may act in any manner it may deem appropriate, in its discretion, given Administrative Agent s own interest in Collateral 
 98 

covered by this Agreement or the Transaction Documents as one of Note Purchasers and Administrative Agent shall have no duty or liability whatsoever to any of the other Note Purchasers; provided , that Administrative Agent shall exercise the same care which it would in dealing with loans for its own account. 
 (i)	 Agency for Perfection . Administrative Agent and each Note Purchaser hereby appoints Collateral Agent as agent for the purpose of perfecting such Secured Parties security interest in Collateral which, in accordance with Article 9 of the UCC in any applicable jurisdiction, can be perfected only by possession. Should any Note Purchaser obtain possession of any such Collateral, such Note Purchaser shall hold such Collateral for purposes of perfecting a security interest therein for the benefit of the Secured Parties, notify Administrative Agent and Collateral Agent thereof and, promptly upon Administrative Agent s request therefor, deliver such Collateral to Collateral Agent or otherwise act in respect thereof in accordance with Agent s instructions. 
 (j)	 Exercise of Remedies . Except as set forth in Section 13.4 , each Note Purchaser agrees that it will not have any right individually to enforce or seek to enforce this Agreement or any other Transaction Document or to realize upon any Collateral security for the Notes or other Obligations; it being understood and agreed that such rights and remedies may be exercised only by Administrative Agent or Collateral Agent in accordance with the terms of the Transaction Documents. 
 (k)	 Collateral Agent . 
 (i)	Collateral Agent shall not be responsible in any manner whatsoever for the correctness of any recitals, statements, representations or warranties herein except for those made by it herein. Collateral Agent makes no representations as to the value or condition of the Collateral or any part thereof, or as to the title thereto or as to the security afforded by this Agreement, or as to the validity, execution (except its own execution), enforceability, legality or sufficiency of this Agreement or of the Obligations, and Collateral Agent shall not incur any liability or responsibility in respect of any such matters. 
 (ii)	Collateral Agent shall not be required to ascertain or inquire as to the performance by any party of any of the covenants or agreements contained herein or in any other Transaction Document. 
 (iii)	Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, Collateral Agent, in its individual capacity, shall not be personally liable for any action taken or omitted to be taken by it in accordance with this Agreement except for its own gross negligence or willful misconduct. Other than as expressly set forth in this Agreement, nothing in this Agreement shall be construed to require Collateral Agent to take any action which would cause it to become liable, in its individual capacity, to any Person. 
 (iv)	Collateral Agent shall have the right generally to engage in any kind of banking or trust business with any party to any Transaction Document and each of their respective Affiliates as if it were not the Collateral Agent. 
 99 

(v)	In no event shall Collateral Agent be liable for any damages in the nature of special, indirect or consequential damages, however styled, including, without limitation, lost profits, or for any losses due to forces beyond the control of Collateral Agent, including, without limitation, strikes, work stoppages, acts of war or terrorism, insurrection, revolution, nuclear or natural catastrophes or acts of God and interruptions, loss or malfunctions of utilities, communications or computer (software and hardware) services provided to Collateral Agent by third parties. 
 (vi)	Collateral Agent (i) may perform its duties through agents, employees, nominees, custodians or attorneys-in-fact and (ii) may consult with and employ counsel, experts and other professionals, and shall be entitled to act upon, and shall be fully protected in any action taken in good faith reliance upon, any advice given by such counsel, experts and other professionals. Collateral Agent shall not be responsible for the negligence or misconduct of any agents, employees or professionals selected by it with reasonable care unless the selection of such agents or attorneys-in-fact or professionals was grossly negligent or demonstrated willful misconduct. 
 (vii)	Whenever in the administration of this Agreement Collateral Agent shall deem it necessary or desirable that a factual matter be proved or established in connection with Collateral Agent taking, suffering or omitting any action hereunder, such matter (unless other evidence in respect thereof is herein specifically prescribed) may be deemed to be conclusively proved or established by an officer's certificate of the appropriate Person delivered to the Collateral Agent, and such certificate shall be full warranty to Collateral Agent for any action taken, suffered or omitted in reliance thereon. 
 (viii)	Collateral Agent may consult with counsel and act in accordance with written advice thereof, and such written advice shall be full and complete authorization and protection in respect of any action taken or suffered by it hereunder in accordance therewith. Collateral Agent shall have the right at any time to seek instructions concerning the administration of this Agreement from Agent or Note Purchasers and any court of competent jurisdiction. 
 (ix)	Collateral Agent may rely, and shall be fully protected in acting, upon any resolution, statement, certificate, instrument, opinion, report, notice, request, consent, order, bond or other paper or document which it has no reason to believe to be other than genuine and to have been signed or presented by the proper party or parties or, in the case of e-mail or facsimile transmissions, to have been sent by the proper party or parties. Without limiting the generality of the immediately preceding sentence, Collateral Agent may rely, and shall be fully protected in acting, upon the information most recently delivered to Collateral Agent by Administrative Agent or the Note Purchasers. In the absence of its gross negligence or willful misconduct, Collateral Agent may conclusively rely, as to the truth of the statements and the correctness of the opinions expressed therein, upon any certificates or opinions furnished to Collateral Agent and conforming to the requirements of this Agreement. 
 (x)	Collateral Agent shall not be under any obligation to exercise any of the rights or powers vested in Collateral Agent by this Agreement at the request or direction 
 100 

of Administrative Agent or the Note Purchasers pursuant to this Agreement unless Collateral Agent shall have been provided adequate security and indemnity against the costs, expenses and liabilities which may be incurred by it in compliance with such request or direction, including such reasonable advances as may be requested by Collateral Agent. 
 (xi)	Upon any application or demand by Administrative Agent or the Note Purchasers to Collateral Agent to take or permit any action under any of the provisions of this Agreement, Administrative Agent or the Note Purchasers shall furnish to Collateral Agent a certificate stating that all conditions precedent, if any, provided for in this Agreement and any applicable Transaction Documents relating to the proposed action have been complied with, and in the case of any such application or demand as to which the furnishing of any document is specifically required by any provision of this Agreement and any applicable Transaction Documents relating to such particular application or demand, such additional document shall also be furnished. 
 (xii)	Any opinion of counsel delivered to Collateral Agent may be based, insofar as it relates to factual matters, upon a certificate of Administrative Agent or the Note Purchasers or representations made by Administrative Agent or the Note Purchasers in a writing filed with Collateral Agent. 
 (xiii)	Collateral Agent shall be obligated to perform such duties and only such duties as are specifically set forth in this Agreement, and no implied covenants or obligations shall be read into this Agreement against Collateral Agent. If and so long as an Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, the Collateral Agent shall exercise the rights and powers vested in it by this Agreement, and shall not be liable with respect to any action taken by it, or omitted to be taken by it, in accordance with the direction of Administrative Agent or the Note Purchasers given to Collateral Agent pursuant to this Agreement. 
 (xiv)	Collateral Agent shall not be under any duty or obligation to take any action which is discretionary under the provisions hereof or with respect to the Collateral, and the Collateral Agent shall only exercise such discretion to the extent directed in writing by the Administrative Agent. Absent any such direction in writing, the Collateral Agent shall have no duty or responsibility to act. 
 (xv)	Collateral Agent shall not be charged with knowledge of any Event of Default under this Agreement or any other Transaction Document, unless written notice of an event which is in fact such an Event of Default is received by Collateral Agent at its address set forth herein, and such notice references this Agreement. 
 (xvi)	Paying Agent shall be entitled to all of the same rights, protections, indemnities and immunities as Collateral Agent hereunder. 
 (xvii)	None of the provisions of this Agreement shall require Collateral Agent to expend or risk its own funds or otherwise to incur any liability, financial or otherwise, in the performance of any of its duties hereunder, or in the exercise of any of its rights or powers if it shall have reasonable grounds for believing that repayment of such 
 101 

funds or indemnity reasonably satisfactory to it against such risk or liability is not assured to it. 
 (xviii)	Collateral Agent shall not be bound to make any investigation into the facts of matters stated in any resolution, certificate, statement, instrument, opinion, report, notice, request, consent, order, approval, bond or other paper or document, unless reasonably requested in writing to do so by Administrative Agent. 
 (xix)	In order to comply with laws, rules, regulations and executive orders in effect from time to time applicable to banking institutions, including those relating to the funding of terrorist activities and money laundering, Collateral Agent is required to obtain, verify and record certain information relating to individuals and entities which maintain a business relationship with Collateral Agent. Accordingly, each of the parties agrees to provide to Collateral Agent upon its request from time to time such identifying information and documentation as may be available for such party in order to enable Collateral Agent to comply with such laws, rules, regulations and executive orders. 
 (xx)	None of the provisions contained in this Agreement or any Transaction Document shall require Collateral Agent to monitor the performance of or to be responsible for the manner of performance of any duties, rights, powers, obligations or activities of any other Person or to make any calculations hereunder. 
 (xxi)	Collateral Agent (i) assumes no responsibility for any failure or delay in performance or any breach by any other Person of any obligations under the Transaction Documents, (ii) makes no express or implied warranty, representation or guarantee with respect to any Transaction Document to any Person, and (iii) shall not be responsible or liable for the genuineness, enforceability, collectability, value, sufficiency, location or existence of the Collateral, or the validity, extent, perfection or priority of any lien therein. 
 (xxii)	Collateral Agent shall not have any obligation to ascertain or inquire into the existence of any Event of Default or the satisfaction of any conditions precedent contained in any Transaction Documents. 
 (xxiii)	It is expressly acknowledged, agreed and consented to that Citibank, N.A. will be acting in the capacities of Paying Agent and Collateral Agent. Citibank, N.A. may, in such multiple capacities, discharge its separate functions fully, without hindrance or regard to conflict of interest principles, duty of loyalty principles or other breach of fiduciary duties to the extent that any such conflict or breach arises from the performance by Citibank, N.A. of express duties set forth in this Agreement in any of such capacities. The parties hereto and any other person having rights hereto expressly waive any defenses, claims or assertions arising out of Citibank, N.A. acting in such multiple capacities. 
 (xxiv)	Collateral Agent shall have no duty (A) to see to any recording, filing, or depositing of this Agreement or any agreement referred to herein or any financing statement or continuation statement evidencing a security interest, or to see to the 
 102 

maintenance of any such recording or filing or depositing or to any rerecording, re-filing or re-depositing of any thereof, (B) to see to any insurance, or (C) to see to the payment or discharge of any tax, assessment, or other governmental charge or any lien or encumbrance of any kind owing with respect to, assessed or levied against, any part of the Collateral. 
 (xxv)	Collateral Agent shall be authorized to, but shall not be responsible for, filing any financing or continuation statements or recording any documents or instruments in any public office at any time or times or otherwise perfecting any security interest in the Collateral. It is expressly agreed, to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, that Collateral Agent shall have no responsibility for (A) monitoring the perfection, continuation of perfection or the sufficiency or validity of any security interest in or related to the Collateral, (B) taking any necessary steps to preserve rights against any Person with respect to any Collateral, or (C) taking any action to protect against any diminution in value of the Collateral. 
 (xxvi)	Collateral Agent shall be fully justified in failing or refusing to take any action under this Agreement and any other Transaction Document (A) if such action would, in the reasonable opinion of Collateral Agent, in good faith (which may be based on the advice or opinion of counsel), be contrary to applicable law, this Agreement or any other Transaction Document, (B) if such action is not provided for in this Agreement or any other Transaction Document, (C) if, in connection with the taking of any such action hereunder, under any other Transaction Document that would constitute an exercise of remedies, it shall not first be indemnified to its satisfaction by Administrative Agent and/or Note Purchasers against any and all risk of nonpayment, liability and expense that may be incurred by it, its agents or its counsel by reason of taking or continuing to take any such action, or (D) if Collateral Agent would be required to make payments on behalf of Note Purchasers pursuant to its obligations as Collateral Agent hereunder, it does not first receive from Note Purchasers sufficient funds for such payment. 
 (xxvii)	Collateral Agent shall not be required to take any action under this or any other Transaction Document if taking such action (A) would subject Collateral Agent to a tax in any jurisdiction where it is not then subject to a tax, or (B) would require Collateral Agent to qualify to do business in any jurisdiction where it is not then so qualified. 
 (xxviii)	Neither Collateral Agent nor its respective officers, directors, employees or agents shall be liable for failure to demand, collect or realize upon any of the Collateral or for any delay in doing so or shall be under any obligation to sell or otherwise dispose of any Collateral upon the request of Administrative Agent or Note Purchasers, or to take any other action whatsoever with regard to the Collateral or any part thereof. The powers conferred on Collateral Agent hereunder are solely to protect Collateral Agent s and the Secured Parties interests in the Collateral and shall not impose any duty upon Collateral Agent to exercise any such powers. Collateral Agent shall be accountable only for amounts that it actually receives as a result of the exercise of such powers, and neither it nor any of its officers, directors, employees or agents shall be responsible to Administrative Agent or Note Purchasers for any act or failure to act hereunder, except for its own gross negligence or willful misconduct. 
 103 

13.2	Note Purchaser Consent 
 (a)	In the event Administrative Agent or Collateral Agent requests the consent of a Note Purchaser and does not receive a written denial thereof within five (5) Business Days after such Note Purchaser s receipt of such request, then such Note Purchaser will be deemed to have given such consent so long as such request contained a notice stating that such failure to respond within five (5) Business Days would be deemed to be a consent by such Note Purchaser. 
 (b)	In the event Administrative Agent or Collateral Agent requests the consent of a Note Purchaser in a situation where such Note Purchaser s consent would be required and such consent is denied, then Administrative Agent may, at its option, require such Note Purchaser to assign its interest in the Notes and Revolving Commitments to Administrative Agent for a price equal to the then outstanding principal amount thereof due such Note Purchaser plus accrued and unpaid interest and fees due such Note Purchaser, which principal, interest and fees will be paid to the Note Purchaser when collected from Issuer. In the event that Administrative Agent elects to require any Note Purchaser to assign its interest to Administrative Agent pursuant to this Section 13.2 Agent will so notify such Note Purchaser in writing within forty-five (45) days following such Note Purchaser s denial, and such Note Purchaser will assign its interest to Administrative Agent no later than five (5) calendar days following receipt of such notice. 
 13.3	Set-off and Sharing of Payments 
 In addition to any rights and remedies now or hereafter granted under Applicable Law and not by way of limitation of any such rights, upon the occurrence and during the continuation of any Event of Default, each Note Purchaser is hereby authorized by Issuer at any time or from time to time, to the fullest extent permitted by law, with the prior written consent of Administrative Agent and without notice to Issuer or any other Person other than Administrative Agent (such notice being hereby expressly waived) to set off and to appropriate and to apply any and all (a) balances (general or special, time or demand, provisional or final) held by such Note Purchaser at any of its offices for the account of Issuer (regardless of whether such balances are then due to Issuer ), and (b) other Collateral at any time held or owing by such Note Purchaser to or for the credit or for the account of Issuer, against and on account of any of the Obligations which are not paid when due; provided , that no Note Purchaser or any such holder shall exercise any such right without prior written notice to Administrative Agent. Any Note Purchaser that has exercised its right to set-off or otherwise has received any payment on account of the Obligations shall, to the extent the amount of any such set off or payment exceeds its Pro Rata Share of payments obtained by all of the Note Purchasers on account of such Obligations, purchase for cash (and the other Note Purchasers or holders of the Notes shall sell) participations in each such other Note Purchaser s or holder s Pro Rata Share of Obligations as would be necessary to cause such Note Purchaser to share such excess with each other Note Purchasers or holders in accordance with their respective Pro Rata Shares; provided , however , that if all or any portion of such excess payment or benefits is thereafter recovered from such purchasing Note Purchaser, such purchase shall be rescinded, and the purchase price and benefits returned, to the extent of such recovery. Issuer agrees, to the fullest extent permitted by law, that (y) any Note Purchaser or holder may exercise its right to set-off with respect to amounts in excess of its Pro Rata Share of the Obligations and 
 104 

may sell participations in such excess to other Note Purchasers and holders, and (z) any Note Purchaser so purchasing a participation in the Notes made or other Obligations held by other Note Purchasers may exercise all rights of set-off, bankers lien, counterclaim or similar rights with respect to such participation as fully as if such Note Purchaser were a direct holder of Notes and other Obligations in the amount of such participation. 
 13.4	Disbursement of Funds 
 Administrative Agent may, on behalf of Note Purchasers, disburse funds to Issuer for the Note Fundings. Each Note Purchaser shall reimburse Administrative Agent on demand for its Pro Rata Share of all funds disbursed on its behalf by Administrative Agent, or if Administrative Agent so requests, each Note Purchaser shall remit to Administrative Agent its Pro Rata Share of any Note Funding before Administrative Agent disburses such Note Funding to or on account of Issuer. If Administrative Agent so elects to require that funds be made available prior to disbursement to Issuer, Administrative Agent shall advise each Note Purchaser by telephone, telex or telecopy of the amount of such Note Purchaser s Pro Rata Share of such Note Funding no later than one (1) Business Day prior to the funding date applicable thereto, and each such Note Purchaser shall pay Administrative Agent such Note Purchaser s Pro Rata Share of such requested Note Funding, in same day funds, by wire transfer to Administrative Agent s account not later than 2:00 p.m. (New York City time). If Administrative Agent shall have disbursed funds to Issuer on behalf of any Note Purchaser and such Note Purchaser fails to pay the amount of its Pro Rata Share forthwith upon Administrative Agent s demand, Administrative Agent shall promptly notify Issuer, and Issuer shall as promptly as reasonably possible, but in no event less than two (2) Business Days after such notice, repay such amount to Administrative Agent. Any repayment by Issuer required pursuant to this Section 13.4 shall be without any premium or penalty. Nothing in this Section 13.4 or elsewhere in this Agreement or the other Transaction Documents, including the provisions of Section 13.5 , shall be deemed to require Administrative Agent to advance funds on behalf of any Note Purchaser or to relieve any Note Purchaser from its obligation to fulfill its commitments hereunder or to prejudice any rights that Administrative Agent or Issuer may have against any Note Purchaser as a result of any default by such Note Purchaser hereunder. 
 13.5	Settlements; Payments; and Information 
 (a)	 Note Fundings; Payments; Interest and Fee Payments . 
 (i)	The Note Balance may fluctuate from day to day through Administrative Agent s disbursement of funds to or on account of, and receipt of funds from, Issuer. In order to minimize the frequency of transfers of funds between Administrative Agent and each Note Purchaser, notwithstanding terms to the contrary set forth in Section 13.4 , Note Fundings and repayments thereof may be settled according to the procedures described in Sections 13.5(a)(ii) and 13.5(a)(iii) . Notwithstanding these procedures, each Note Purchaser s obligation to fund its Pro Rata Share of any Note Fundings made by Administrative Agent to or on account of Issuer will commence on the date such Note Fundings are made by Administrative Agent. Nothing contained in this Agreement shall obligate a Note Purchaser to make a Note Funding at any time any Early Wind-Down Trigger Event, Default or Event of Default exists. All such payments will be made by such Note Purchaser without set-off, counterclaim or deduction of any kind. 
 105 

(ii)	Administrative Agent shall, whenever it deems necessary (in its sole discretion) (each such day being a Settlement Date ), advise each Note Purchaser by 1:00 p.m. (New York City time) on a Business Day by email of the amount of each such Note Purchaser s Pro Rata Share of the outstanding Note Fundings. In the event payments are necessary to adjust the amount of such Note Purchaser s share of the Note Fundings to such Note Purchaser s Pro Rata Share of the Note Fundings, the party from which such payment is due will pay the other party, in same day funds, by wire transfer to the other s account not later than 2:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the Business Day following the Settlement Date. 
 (iii)	On the twentieth (20 th Business Day of each month Interest Settlement Date ), Administrative Agent will advise each Note Purchaser by email of the amount of interest and fees charged to and collected from Issuer for the preceding month in respect of the Notes. Provided that such Note Purchaser has made all payments required to be made by it under this Agreement and provided that Note Purchaser has not received its Pro Rata Share of interest and fees directly from Issuer, Administrative Agent will pay to such Note Purchaser, by wire transfer to such Note Purchaser s account (as specified by such Note Purchaser on Schedule 13.5(a) of this Agreement as amended by such Note Purchaser from time to time after the date hereof pursuant to the notice provisions contained herein or in the applicable Note Purchaser Addition Agreement) not later than 2:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the next Business Day following the Interest Settlement Date, such Note Purchaser s share of such interest and fees. 
 (b)	 Availability of Note Purchasers Pro Rata Share . 
 (i)	Unless Administrative Agent has been notified by a Note Purchaser prior to any proposed funding date of such Note Purchaser s intention not to fund its Pro Rata Share of a Note Funding, Administrative Agent may assume that such Note Purchaser will make such amount available to Administrative Agent on the proposed funding date or the Business Day following the next Settlement Date, as applicable; provided , however , nothing contained in this Agreement shall obligate a Note Purchaser to make a Note Funding at any time any Early Wind-Down Trigger Event, Default or Event of Default exists. If such amount is not, in fact, made available to Administrative Agent by such Note Purchaser when due, Administrative Agent will be entitled to recover such amount on demand from such Note Purchaser without set-off, counterclaim or deduction of any kind. 
 (ii)	Nothing contained in this Section 13.5(b) will be deemed to relieve a Note Purchaser of its obligation to fulfill its commitments or to prejudice any rights Administrative Agent or Issuer may have against such Note Purchaser as a result of any default by such Note Purchaser under this Agreement. 
 (c)	 Return of Payments . 
 (i)	If Administrative Agent pays an amount to a Note Purchaser under this Agreement in the belief or expectation that a related payment has been or will be received by Administrative Agent from Issuer and such related payment is not received by 
 106 

Administrative Agent, then Administrative Agent will be entitled to recover such amount from such Note Purchaser without set-off, counterclaim or deduction of any kind. 
 (ii)	If Administrative Agent determines at any time that any amount received by Administrative Agent under this Agreement must be returned to Issuer or paid to any other Person pursuant to any Debtor Relief Law or otherwise, then, notwithstanding any other term or condition of this Agreement, Administrative Agent will not be required to distribute any portion thereof to any Note Purchaser. In addition, each Note Purchaser will repay to Administrative Agent on demand any portion of such amount that Administrative Agent has distributed to such Note Purchaser, together with interest at such rate, if any, as Administrative Agent is required to pay to Issuer or such other Person, without set-off, counterclaim or deduction of any kind. 
 13.6	Dissemination of Information 
 Upon request by a Note Purchaser, Administrative Agent will distribute promptly to such Note Purchaser, unless previously provided by Issuer to such Note Purchaser, copies of all notices, schedules, reports, projections, financial statements, agreements and other material and information, including financial and reporting information received from Issuer or generated by a third party (and excluding only internal information generated by Jefferies Funding LLC for its own use as a Note Purchaser or as Administrative Agent and any attorney-client privileged communications or work product), as provided for in this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents as received by Administrative Agent. Administrative Agent shall not be liable to any of the Note Purchasers for any failure to comply with its obligations under this Section 13.6 , except to the extent that such failure is attributed to Administrative Agent s gross negligence or willful misconduct and results in demonstrable damages to such Note Purchaser as determined, in each case, by a court of competent jurisdiction on a final and non-appealable basis. 
 13.7	Non-Funding Note Purchaser. 
 The failure of any Note Purchaser to make the Initial Note Funding or any Additional Note Funding that it has agreed to make (the Non-Funding Note Purchaser on the date specified therefor shall not relieve any other Note Purchaser (each such other Note Purchaser, an Other Note Purchaser of its agreed upon obligations to make such Note Funding, but neither any Other Note Purchaser nor Administrative Agent shall be responsible for the failure of any Non-Funding Note Purchaser to make an Note Funding or make any other payment required hereunder. Notwithstanding anything set forth herein to the contrary, a Non-Funding Note Purchaser shall not have any voting or consent rights under or with respect to any Transaction Document or constitute a Note Purchaser for any voting or consent rights under or with respect to any Transaction Document. At Issuer s request, Administrative Agent or a Person acceptable to Administrative Agent shall have the right with Administrative Agent s consent and in Administrative Agent s sole discretion (but shall have no obligation) to purchase from any Non-Funding Note Purchaser, and each Non-Funding Note Purchaser agrees that it shall, at Administrative Agent s request, sell and assign to Administrative Agent or such Person, all of the rights of that Non-Funding Note Purchaser to make Note Fundings hereunder for an amount equal to the principal balance of all Notes held by such Non-Funding Note Purchaser and all accrued interest and fees with respect 
 107 

thereto through the date of sale, such purchase and sale to be consummated pursuant to an executed Note Purchaser Addition Agreement. 
 13.8	Taxes 
 (a)	Any and all payments by or on account of any obligations of Issuer to each Note Purchaser or Administrative Agent under this Agreement or any other Transaction Document shall be made free and clear of, and without deduction or withholding for, any and all present or future taxes, levies, imposts, deductions, charges or withholdings, and all liabilities with respect thereto (including penalties, interest and additions to tax), imposed by any Governmental Authority Taxes ), except as required by Applicable Law. 
 (b)	In addition, Issuer shall pay to the relevant Governmental Authority any present or future stamp, court or documentary, intangible, recording, filing or similar Taxes which arise from any payment made hereunder or from the execution, delivery, performance, enforcement or registration of, from the receipt or perfection of a security interest under, or otherwise with respect to, this Agreement or any other Transaction Document (hereinafter referred to as Other Taxes ). 
 (c)	Subject to Section 13.8(g) , Issuer shall indemnify and hold harmless each Note Purchaser and Administrative Agent for the full amount of any and all Indemnified Taxes or Other Taxes (including any Indemnified Taxes or Other Taxes imposed by any jurisdiction on amounts payable under this Section 13.8 paid or payable by such Note Purchaser or Administrative Agent and any liability (other than any penalties, interest, additions, and expenses that accrue after the 180 th day after the receipt by Administrative Agent or such Note Purchaser of written notice of the assertion of such Indemnified Taxes or Other Taxes and before the date that Administrative Agent or such Note Purchaser provides Issuer with a certificate relating thereto pursuant to Section 13.8(l) arising therefrom or with respect thereto, whether or not such Indemnified Taxes or Other Taxes were correctly or legally asserted by the relevant Governmental Authority. Payments under this indemnification shall be made within 10 days from the date any Note Purchaser or Administrative Agent makes written demand therefor. 
 (d)	If Issuer shall be required by Applicable Law to deduct or withhold any Taxes from or in respect of any sum payable hereunder to any Note Purchaser or Administrative Agent, then, subject to Section 13.8(g) : 
 (i)	if such Tax is an Indemnified Tax, the sum payable shall be increased to the extent necessary so that after making all required deductions (including deductions applicable to additional sums payable under this Section 13.8 ), such Note Purchaser or Administrative Agent, as the case may be, receives an amount equal to the sum it would have received had no such deductions been made; 
 (ii)	Issuer shall make such deductions; and 
 (iii)	Issuer shall pay the full amount deducted to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with Applicable Law. 
 108 

(e)	Within ten (10) days after the date of any payment by Issuer of Taxes to a Governmental Authority, Issuer shall furnish to Administrative Agent (and the applicable Note Purchaser) a receipt evidencing payment thereof, or other evidence of payment satisfactory to Administrative Agent (and the applicable Note Purchaser). 
 (f)	Each Note Purchaser that is not a U.S. Person (a Non-U.S. Note Purchaser shall deliver to Issuer and Administrative Agent(or, in the case of an assignment that is not disclosed to Issuer in accordance with the provisions of Section 12.2 , solely to the assigning Note Purchaser and Administrative Agent and not to Issuer) two (2) copies of each applicable U.S. Internal Revenue Service Form W-8BEN, Form W 8BEN E, Form W-8IMY or Form W-8ECI, or any subsequent versions thereof, successors thereto or such other forms or documents as may be reasonably required under Applicable Law, properly completed and duly executed by such Non-U.S. Note Purchaser claiming complete exemption from United States federal withholding Tax on all payments by Issuer under this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents. Such forms shall be delivered by each Non-U.S. Note Purchaser on or before the date it becomes a party to this Agreement. In addition, each Non-U.S. Note Purchaser shall deliver such forms promptly upon the obsolescence, expiration or invalidity of any form previously delivered by such Non-U.S. Note Purchaser. In addition to properly completing and duly executing Forms W-8BEN or W 8BEN E (or any subsequent versions thereof or successor thereto), if such Non-U.S. Note Purchaser is claiming an exemption from withholding of United States federal income Tax under Section 871(h) or 881(c) of the Code, such Note Purchaser hereby represents and warrants that (A) it is not a bank within the meaning of Section 881(c) of the Code, (B) it is not subject to regulatory or other legal requirements as a bank in any jurisdiction, (C) it has not been treated as a bank for purposes of any Tax, securities law or other filing or submission made to any governmental securities law or other legal requirements, (D) it is not a 10 percent shareholder of Issuer within the meaning of Section 871(h)(3)(B) of the Code, (E) it is not a controlled foreign corporation receiving interest from a related person within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code and (F) none of the interest arising from this Agreement constitutes contingent interest within the meaning of Section 871(h)(4) or Section 881(c)(4) of the Code and such Non-U.S. Note Purchaser agrees that it shall provide Administrative Agent, and Administrative Agent shall provide to Issuer (or, in the case of an assignment that is not disclosed to Issuer in accordance with the provisions of Section 12.2 , solely to the assigning Note Purchaser and Administrative Agent and not to Issuer), with prompt notice at any time after becoming a Note Purchaser hereunder that it can no longer make the foregoing representations and warranties. Each Non-U.S. Note Purchaser shall promptly notify Issuer (or, in the case of an assignment that is not disclosed to Issuer in accordance with the provisions of Section 12.2 , solely to the assigning Note Purchaser and Administrative Agent and not to Issuer) at any time it determines that it is no longer in a position to provide any previously delivered form or certificate (or any other form of certification adopted by the U.S. taxing authorities for such purpose). Notwithstanding any other provision of this section, a Non-U.S. Note Purchaser shall not be required to deliver any form pursuant to this subsection that such Non-U.S. Note Purchaser is not legally able to deliver. Each Note Purchaser who makes an assignment pursuant to Section 12.2 where the assignment and assumption agreement is not delivered to Issuer shall indemnify and agree to hold Administrative Agent, Issuer and the other Note Purchasers harmless from and against any United States federal withholding Tax, interest and penalties that would not have been imposed but for (i) the failure of the Transferee that received such assignment under Section 12.2 to comply with this Section 13.8(f) or (ii) the failure of such Note Purchaser to withhold and pay such Tax at the proper rate in the event such 
 109 

Transferee does not comply with this Section 13.8(f) (or complies with Section 13.8(f) but delivers forms indicating it is entitled to a reduced rate of such Tax). Any Note Purchaser that is a U.S. Person shall deliver to Issuer and Administrative Agent (i) a properly prepared and duly executed U.S. Internal Revenue Service Form W-9, or any subsequent versions thereof or successors thereto, certifying that such Note Purchaser is entitled to receive any and all payments under this Agreement and each other Transaction Document free and clear from withholding of United States federal backup withholding Taxes or (ii) such other reasonable documentation as will enable Issuer and/or Administrative Agent to determine whether or not such Note Purchaser is subject to United States federal backup withholding or information reporting requirements. Each Person that shall become a Participant pursuant to Section 12.2 shall, on or before the date of the effectiveness of the related transfer, be required to provide all of the forms, certifications and statements required pursuant to this Section 13.8(f) , and shall make the representations and warranties set forth in clauses (A) (F) above, provided that the obligations of such Participant, pursuant to this Section 13.8(f) shall be determined as if such Participant were a Note Purchaser except that such Participant shall furnish all such required forms, certifications and statements to the Note Purchaser from which the related participation shall have been purchased. 
 (g)	Issuer will not be required to pay any additional amounts in respect of United States federal income Tax pursuant to Section 13.8(d) to any Note Purchaser or Administrative Agent or to indemnify any Note Purchaser or Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 13.8(c) to the extent that the Internal Revenue Service has determined (which determination shall be final and non-appealable) that such Note Purchaser or Administrative Agent is treated as a conduit entity within the meaning of Treasury Regulation Section 1.881 3 or any successor provision; provided , however , nothing contained in this Section shall preclude the payment of additional amounts or indemnity payments by Issuer to the person for whom the conduit entity is acting. 
 (h)	If Issuer is required to pay additional amounts to or for the account of any Note Purchaser or Administrative Agent pursuant to this Section 13.8 , then such Note Purchaser or Administrative Agent shall use its reasonable efforts (consistent with legal and regulatory restrictions) to file any certificate or document reasonably requested by Issuer so as to eliminate or reduce any such additional payments by Issuer which may accrue in the future if such filing or changes in the reasonable judgment of such Note Purchaser or Administrative Agent, would not require such Note Purchaser to disclose information such Note Purchaser deems confidential and is not otherwise disadvantageous to such Note Purchaser or Administrative Agent. 
 (i)	If Administrative Agent or a Note Purchaser, in its reasonable judgment, receives a refund of any Taxes or Other Taxes as to which it has been indemnified by Issuer or with respect to which Issuer has paid additional amounts pursuant to this Section 13.8 , it shall promptly pay to Issuer an amount equal to such refund (but only to the extent of indemnity payments made, or additional amounts paid, by Issuer under this Section 13.8 with respect to the Taxes giving rise to such refund) and any interest paid by the relevant Governmental Authority with respect to such refund, provided , that Issuer, upon the request of Administrative Agent or such Note Purchaser, shall repay the amount paid over to Issuer (plus any penalties, interest or other charges imposed by the relevant Governmental Authority) to Administrative Agent or such Note Purchaser in the event Administrative Agent or such Note Purchaser is required to repay the applicable refund to such Governmental Authority. 
 110 

(j)	Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, if Administrative Agent is required by Applicable Law to deduct or withhold any Taxes from or in respect of any sum payable to any Note Purchaser by Issuer or Administrative Agent, the Administrative Agent shall not be required to make any gross-up payment to or in respect of such Note Purchaser, except to the extent that a corresponding gross-up payment is actually received by Administrative Agent from Issuer. 
 (k)	Any Note Purchaser claiming reimbursement or compensation pursuant to this Section 13.8 shall deliver to Issuer (with a copy to Administrative Agent) a certificate setting forth in reasonable detail the amount payable to such Note Purchaser hereunder and such certificate shall be conclusive and binding on Issuer in the absence of manifest error. 
 (l)	The agreements and obligations of Issuer in this Section 13.8 shall survive the payment of all other Obligations. 
 13.9	Patriot Act 
 Each Note Purchaser that is subject to the requirements of the Patriot Act and Paying Agent, Collateral Agent and Administrative Agent (for itself and not on behalf of any Note Purchaser) hereby notifies Issuer that pursuant to the requirements of the Patriot Act, it is required to obtain, verify and record information that identifies Issuer, which information includes the name and address of Issuer and other information that will allow Administrative Agent, Paying Agent, Collateral Agent and each Note Purchaser to identify Issuer in accordance with the Patriot Act. Issuer shall, promptly following a request by Administrative Agent, Paying Agent, Collateral Agent or any Note Purchaser, provide all documentation and other information that Administrative Agent, Paying Agent, Collateral Agent or such Note Purchaser requests in order to comply with its ongoing obligations under applicable know your customer an anti-money laundering rules and regulations, including the Patriot Act. 

[REMAINDER OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY BLANK; SIGNATURE PAGES FOLLOW] 
 
 111 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, each of the parties has duly executed this Note Issuance and Purchase Agreement as of the date first written above. 
 ISSUER: NETCREDIT RECEIVABLES 2022, LLC , 
 a Delaware limited liability company 

By: 		 Name:	 	 Title: 		 
 Address: 
 
 175 West Jackson Boulevard 
 Suite 1000 
 Chicago, IL 60604 
 Attn: _________________ 

Solely with respect to Section 6.18 hereof: 
 HOLDINGS: 
 CNU ONLINE HOLDINGS, LLC , 
 a Delaware limited liability company 

By: 		 Name:	 	 Title: 		 
 Address: 
 
 175 West Jackson Boulevard 
 Suite 1000 
 Chicago, IL 60604 
 Attn: _________________ 

[Signature Page to Note Issuance and Purchase Agreement] 

AGENT AND NOTE PURCHASER: 
 JEFFERIES FUNDING LLC 
 
 By: 	 
 Name: 	Michael Wade 
 Title: Managing Director 
 Address: 
 Jefferies Funding LLC 
 520 Madison Avenue 
 New York, NY 10022 
 Attention: General Counsel 
 Telephone: (212) 284-2300 
 Facsimile: (646) 786-5691 
 Email: tnsullivan@jefferies.com; jmcmahon@jefferies.com; dhakim@jefferies.com; ckuang@jefferies.com; xtong@jefferies.com; Consumer_Loan_Ops@jefferies.com; Bank_Debt@Jefferies.com 
 
 With a copy to: 
 King Spalding LLP 
 1700 Pennsylvania Avenue, NW Suite 900 Washington, D.C. 20006 Attention: David L. Ridenour dridenour@kslaw.com 

[Signature Page to Note Issuance and Purchase Agreement] 

COLLATERAL AGENT AND PAYING AGENT: 
 CITIBANK, N.A. 
 
 By: 	 
 Name: 					 
 Title: 			 
 Address: 
 
 Citibank, N.A. 
 388 Greenwich Street 
 New York, NY 10013 
 Attention: Agency Trust NCR/Enova 2022 
 Email: kayvon.wyles@citi.com 
 Phone: 212-816-3090 

[Signature Page to Note Issuance and Purchase Agreement] 

Schedule A 
 Disclosures 
 All references to Section numbers herein refer to Sections in this Agreement. 
 	 
 5.1. Jurisdictions Authorized to Conduct Business (SECTION 5.1.(b)) 
 Delaware, Alaska, Illinois, Kansas, Nebraska, New Jersey, North Dakota, South Dakota and Texas. 
 	 
 5.3. Managers, Members, Beneficiaries, Directors (SECTION 5.3). 
 Enova International, Inc. 
 
 Officers: 
 David Fisher, President and Chief Executive Officer 
 Christopher McVety, Assistant Secretary 
 Steven E. Cunningham, Chief Financial Officer 
 Sean Rahilly, Chief Compliance Officer, Secretary and General Counsel 

Board of Directors: 
 David Fisher 
 Ellen Carnahan 
 Daniel Feehan 
 William Goodyear 
 James Gray 
 Gregg Kaplan 
 Mark McGowan 
 Linda Johnson Rice 
 Mark A. Tebbe 

CNU Online Holdings, LLC 
 
 Officers: 
 David Fisher, President, Chief Executive Officer and Treasurer 
 Steven E. Cunningham, Vice President 
 Sean Rahilly, Secretary 
 
 Board of Directors: 
 David Fisher 
 Steven E. Cunningham 
 Sean Rahilly 

Sole Member and Manager: 
 Enova Online Services, Inc. 
 
 NET CREDIT RECEIVABLES 2022, LLC 
 
 Officers: 
 David Fisher, President 
 Steven E. Cunningham ,Treasurer 
 Sean Rahilly, Secretary 
 
 Board of Directors: 
 David Fisher 
 Steven E. Cunningham 
 Lisa Pierro 
 
 Sole Member and Manager: 
 CNU Online Holdings, LLC 
 
 NetCredit Loan Services, LLC 
 
 Officers: 
 David Fisher President 
 Steven E. Cunningham Vice President 
 Sean Rahilly Secretary 
 
 Sole Member: 
 CNU Online Holdings, LLC 
 
 Board of Managers: 
 David Fisher 
 Steven E. Cunningham 
 Sean Rahilly 

Organizational chart of Enova and its subsidiaries is attached hereto as Exhibit 1 to Schedule A. 
 	 
 5.6. Litigation (SECTION 5.6) 
 None. 
 	 
 5.8. Compliance with Laws (SECTION 5.8). 
 None. 

5.13 Affiliated Agreements (Section 5.13). 
 Services and Indemnity Agreement, dated [____], 2022, among [___], Global Securitization Services, LLC, CNU Online Holdings, LLC, and NetCredit Receivables 2022, LLC. 
 
 5.15. Issuer Information (SECTION 5.15). 

Exact Name of Issuer 
 State of Organization 
 Federal Tax I.D. No. 
 Chief Executive Office/Place of Business 
 Locations of Books and Records 
 Prior Names 
 Charter No. 

NetCredit Receivables 2022, LLC 
 Delaware 
 92-0348313 
 175 W. Jackson Blvd, Ste. 1000 Chicago, IL 60606 
 175 W. Jackson Blvd, Ste. 1000 Chicago, IL 60606 
 N/A 
 7033461 

5.16 Accounts and Investment Property (Section 5.16). 
 Accounts 

Bank Name 
 Account No. 
 Account Type 

Citibank, N.A.	 		13423800 (Collateral Account)		Account 

Veritex Community Bank	5501702624 (ACH Sweep Account)		 Deposit Account 
 Veritex Community Bank	5501156086 (Collection Receipt Account) Deposit Account 
 
 Investment Property 
 None. 
 
 Exhibit 1 to Schedule A 
 Enova Organizational Chart 
 [See attached] 

Schedule B 
 
 Wiring Instructions 
 
 Jefferies Funding LLC 
 
 Bank Name: Bank of New York ABA/Routing No.: 021 000 018 
 Account Name: Jefferies Funding I LLC Acct No: 890-115-9441 Reference: NCR Facility 

Schedule C 
 
 Maximum Note Amount 

Note Purchaser 							 Maximum Note Amount 
 
 Jefferies Funding LLC							 125,000,000 

Schedule D 
 Approved States with respect to Bank Program Receivables 
 
 Alaska 
 Arizona 
 Arkansas 
 Florida 
 Hawaii 
 Indiana 
 Kansas 
 Kentucky 
 Michigan 
 Minnesota 
 Mississippi 
 Montana 
 Nebraska 
 New Jersey 
 Ohio 
 Oklahoma 
 Oregon 
 Rhode Island 
 Tennessee 
 Texas 
 Washington 
 Wyoming 

Approved States with respect to State Licensed Receivables 
 
 Alabama 
 California 
 Delaware 
 Georgia 
 Idaho Illinois 
 Louisiana 
 Missouri New Mexico 
 North Dakota 
 South Carolina 
 South Dakota 
 Utah Wisconsin 

Schedule E 
 
 State Licenses 
 
 [See attached] 

Schedule F 
 
 Permitted Modifications 
 
 (i)	Release of an Account Debtor from payment of any unpaid amount if such release is required pursuant to Applicable Law; 
 
 (ii)	Waiver of the right to collect the unpaid balance if the amount that the Servicer expects to realize in connection with the collection efforts is determined by the Servicer to be less than the reasonably expected costs of collection; 
 
 (iii)	Waiver of certain charges, such as prepayment fees and late payment charges that may be collected in the ordinary course of servicing a Receivable; 
 
 (iv)	Effecting a Due Date Adjustment; 
 
 (v)	Effecting a Payment Deferral; 
 
 (vi)	Effecting a Servicing Modification as defined in the Servicing Policy; 
 
 (vii)	Establishing a payment plan with respect to a Defaulted Receivable if the Servicer believes that such plan will maximize Collections in respect of such Receivable, such payment plan complies with the Servicing Standard and the Servicing Policy and such Receivable is treated as a Defaulted Receivable for purposes of calculating the Monthly Net Default Ratio or the Monthly Delinquency Ratio; and 
 
 (viii)	With respect to a Receivable that is not a Defaulted Receivable, implementing a proposal from a credit counseling service to establish an alternative payment schedule if the Servicer believes that such schedule will maximize Collections thereon and the Servicer implements such plan in accordance with the Servicing Standard and the Servicing Policy. 

Schedule F 
 
 Issuer Competitors 

Avant 
 Lending Club 
 Marlette 
 Elevate 
 Braviant 
 One Main 
 Springleaf 
 Chorus Credit 
 Lending Point 
 Opportun 
 Opp Loans 
 World Acceptance 
 Regional Management 
 DFC Global Cor 
 EZ Corp 
 BillFloat 
 PLS 
 Upgrade 
 Kabbage 
 Curo 
 Goldman Sachs 
 US Bank Upstart 
 Affirm 

Exhibit A 
 
 FORM OF 
 BORROWING BASE CERTIFICATE 
 (See Attached) 

EXHIBIT B 
 
 FORM OF NOTE 
 THIS NOTE (THIS NOTE HAS NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE UNITED STATES SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT ), ANY UNITED STATES STATE SECURITIES OR BLUE SKY LAWS OR ANY SECURITIES LAWS OF ANY OTHER JURISDICTION, AND, AS A MATTER OF U.S. LAW, MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD IN VIOLATION OF THE SECURITIES ACT OR ANY SUCH OTHER LAWS. THIS NOTE, AND ANY BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN, MAY BE TRANSFERRED ONLY IN MINIMUM DENOMINATIONS OF 2,000,000 AND 100,000 INCREMENTS IN EXCESS THEREOF. THE HOLDER HEREOF, BY PURCHASING OR ACCEPTING THIS NOTE, IS HEREBY DEEMED TO HAVE AGREED, FOR THE BENEFIT OF THE ISSUER, THAT IT WILL RESELL, PLEDGE OR OTHERWISE TRANSFER THIS NOTE, AS A MATTER OF U.S. LAW, ONLY PURSUANT TO AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR INAPPLICABILITY OF THE SECURITIES ACT, IN EACH CASE, ONLY TO A PERSON (1) WHO IS A QUALIFIED PURCHASER (AS DEFINED IN THE INVESTMENT COMPANY ACT OF 1940, AS AMENDED), AND (2) WHOM IT REASONABLY BELIEVES IS A QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER , AS DEFINED IN RULE 144A PROMULGATED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT RULE 144A (A QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER ), THAT IS ACQUIRING THIS NOTE FOR ITS OWN ACCOUNT OR AS A FIDUCIARY OR AGENT FOR OTHERS (WHICH OTHERS MUST ALSO BE QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYERS) TO WHOM NOTICE IS GIVEN THAT THE RESALE, PLEDGE OR OTHER TRANSFER OF THIS NOTE IS BEING MADE IN RELIANCE ON RULE 144A, IN ACCORDANCE WITH ANY UNITED STATES STATE SECURITIES OR BLUE SKY LAWS OR ANY SECURITIES LAWS OF ANY OTHER JURISDICTION. 
 EACH PURCHASER, BY ACCEPTANCE OF THIS NOTE, AND EACH BENEFICIAL OWNER OF THIS NOTE, BY ACCEPTANCE OF AN INTEREST IN THIS NOTE, WILL BE DEEMED TO REPRESENT AND WARRANT THAT EITHER (I) IT IS NOT, AND IS NOT ACTING ON BEHALF OF, OR USING THE ASSETS OF, (A) AN EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN AS DEFINED IN SECTION 3(3) OF THE EMPLOYEE RETIREMENT INCOME SECURITY ACT OF 1974, AS AMENDED ERISA ), THAT IS SUBJECT TO TITLE I OF ERISA, (B) A PLAN AS DEFINED IN SECTION 4975(e)(1) OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE CODE OF 1986, AS AMENDED (THE INTERNAL REVENUE CODE ), THAT IS SUBJECT TO SECTION 4975 OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE CODE, (C) AN ENTITY WHOSE UNDERLYING ASSETS INCLUDE PLAN ASSETS BY REASON OF SUCH EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN S OR PLAN S INVESTMENT IN THE ENTITY (WITHIN THE MEANING OF DEPARTMENT OF LABOR REGULATION 29 C.F.R. 2510.3-101, AS MODIFIED BY SECTION 3(42) OF ERISA) OR (D) ANY GOVERNMENTAL, CHURCH, NON-U.S. OR OTHER PLAN THAT IS SUBJECT TO ANY NON-U.S., FEDERAL, STATE OR LOCAL LAW THAT IS SUBSTANTIALLY SIMILAR TO SECTION 406 OF ERISA OR SECTION 4975 OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE CODE SIMILAR LAW OR AN ENTITY WHOSE UNDERLYING ASSETS INCLUDE ASSETS OF ANY SUCH PLAN OR (II) ITS ACQUISITION, CONTINUED HOLDING, FUNDING AND DISPOSITION OF THIS NOTE 

(OR ANY INTEREST HEREIN) WILL NOT GIVE RISE TO A NON-EXEMPT PROHIBITED TRANSACTION UNDER SECTION 406 OF ERISA OR SECTION 4975 OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE CODE OR RESULT IN A NON-EXEMPT PROHIBITED TRANSACTION OR VIOLATION OF ANY SIMILAR LAW. 
 THE OUTSTANDING PRINCIPAL AMOUNT OF THIS NOTE MAY BE REDUCED FROM TIME TO TIME BY DISTRIBUTIONS IN RESPECT OF THIS NOTE ALLOCABLE TO PRINCIPAL, AND MAY BE INCREASED FROM TIME TO TIME IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE TERMS OF THE NOTE ISSUANCE AND PURCHASE AGREEMENT. ANYONE ACQUIRING THIS NOTE MAY ASCERTAIN THE CURRENT OUTSTANDING PRINCIPAL AMOUNT OF THIS NOTE BY INQUIRY DIRECTED TO THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT. ON THE DATE OF THE INITIAL ISSUANCE OF THIS NOTE, THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT IS JEFFERIES FUNDING, LLC. 
 THE HOLDER OF THIS NOTE, BY ACCEPTANCE OF THIS NOTE, AND EACH OWNER OF A BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN, AGREES TO TREAT THIS NOTE AS INDEBTEDNESS FOR ALL UNITED STATES FEDERAL, STATE, AND LOCAL INCOME AND FRANCHISE TAX LAW AND FOR PURPOSES OF ANY OTHER TAX IMPOSED ON, OR MEASURED BY, INCOME. THE HOLDER OF THIS NOTE, BY ACCEPTANCE OF THIS NOTE, AND EACH OWNER OF A BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN, ACKNOWLEDGES, REPRESENTS AND Warrants THAT IT IS (AND WILL REMAIN AS LONG AS IT IS A NOTE PURCHASER) A UNITED STATES PERSON WITHIN THE MEANING OF SECTION 7701(A)(30) OF THE CODE. 
 THIS NOTE AND ANY BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN MAY ONLY BE TRANSFERRED IN COMPLIANCE WITH THE TERMS OF THE NOTE ISSUANCE AND PURCHASE AGREEMENT. 

No. R-1 
 CUSIP: 64112E AA8 
 ISIN: US64112EAA82 
 
 NETCREDIT RECEIVABLES 2022, LLC 
 NOTE 
 NetCredit Receivables 2022, LLC (herein referred to as the Issuer ), a Delaware limited liability company, for value received, hereby promises to pay to Jefferies Funding LLC, or its registered assigns, subject to the following provisions, the related Note Principal Amount (not to exceed the related Maximum Note Amount), as determined in accordance with the terms of the Note Issuance and Purchase Agreement (as defined herein), on the Final Maturity Date, except as otherwise provided below or in the Note Issuance and Purchase Agreement. The Issuer will pay interest on the unpaid principal amount of this Note (this Note on each Payment Date as determined pursuant to the Note Issuance and Purchase Agreement until the principal amount of this Note is paid in full, subject to certain limitations described in the Note Issuance and Purchase Agreement. Interest on this Note will accrue for each Payment Date during the related Interest Period, and interest will be computed as provided in the Note Issuance and Purchase Agreement. Principal of this Note will be paid in the manner specified on the reverse hereof. 
 The principal of and interest on this Note are payable in such coin or currency of the United States of America as at the time of payment is legal tender for payment of public and private debts. 
 Reference is made to the further provisions of this Note set forth on the reverse hereof, which will have the same effect as though fully set forth on the face of this Note. 
 Unless the certificate of authentication hereon has been executed by or on behalf of the Issuer, by manual signature, this Note will not be entitled to any benefit under the Note Issuance and Purchase Agreement or be valid for any purpose. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Issuer has caused this Note to be duly executed. 
 
 Dated: October ___, 2022 
 NETCREDIT RECEIVABLES 2022, LLC, as Issuer 
 By: 				 
 Name: 		 
 Title: 		 

NETCREDIT RECEIVABLES 2022, LLC 
 NOTE 
 This Note is one of the notes of the Issuer, designated as a Note (the Note ), issued under the Note Issuance and Purchase Agreement, dated as of October 21, 2022 (as amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time in accordance with the terms therein, the Note Issuance and Purchase Agreement ), among NetCredit Receivables 2022, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, as issuer (in such capacity, the Issuer ), Jefferies Funding LLC, as Initial Note Purchaser, the other Note Purchasers from time to time party thereto, Citibank, N.A., as Paying Agent and Collateral Agent (in such capacity, the Collateral Agent and Jefferies Funding LLC, as the administrative agent (in such capacity, the Administrative Agent ). This Note is subject to all of the terms, provisions and conditions of the Note Issuance and Purchase Agreement, as it may be amended, supplemented or modified from time to time. All terms used in this Note that are defined in the Note Issuance and Purchase Agreement have the meanings assigned to them therein or pursuant thereto, as applicable. In the event of any conflict or inconsistency between the Note Issuance and Purchase Agreement and this Note, the Note Issuance and Purchase Agreement shall control. 
 The Note Purchaser, by its acceptance of this Note, agrees that it will look solely to the property of the Issuer allocated to the payment of this Note for payment hereunder. 
 This Note does not purport to summarize the Note Issuance and Purchase Agreement and reference is made to the Note Issuance and Purchase Agreement for the interests, rights and limitations of rights, benefits, obligations and duties evidenced thereby. 
 The Note Balance of the Note on any date of determination will be an amount equal to (a) the sum of (1) the Initial Note Principal Amount of such Note and (2) all Additional Note Principal Amounts with respect to such Note, minus (b) the aggregate amount of principal repayments on such Note. Payments of principal of the Notes will be made in accordance with the provisions of, and subject to the limitations in, the Note Issuance and Purchase Agreement. 
 On each Payment Date, the Issuer will distribute to the Administrative Agent for further distribution to each applicable Note Purchaser such Note Purchaser s share of the amounts that are allocated and available on such Payment Date to pay interest on and principal of this Note in accordance with the Note Issuance and Purchase Agreement. Distributions to the Note Purchasers shall be made in United States dollars and in immediately available funds and, except as otherwise provided in the Note Issuance and Purchase Agreement, without presentation or surrender of this Note or the making of any notation thereon. Final payment of this Note will be made only upon presentation and surrender of this Note at the office of the Administrative Agent specified to the Note Purchasers for such purpose. 
 Each Note Purchaser, by accepting this Note, and each beneficial owner of this Note hereby covenants and agrees that it will not at any time institute against, or join, cooperate with or encourage any other Person in instituting against, the Issuer any bankruptcy, reorganization, receivership, arrangement, insolvency, moratorium or liquidation proceedings or other proceedings under federal or state bankruptcy or similar laws until at least one year and one day, 

or if longer the applicable preference period then in effect plus one day, after payment in full of the Notes and the termination of the Note Issuance and Purchase Agreement. 
 The Issuer, the Administrative Agent and any agent of the Issuer or the Administrative Agent will treat the person in whose name this Note is registered as the owner hereof for all purposes, and none of the Issuer, the Administrative Agent or any agent of the Issuer or the Administrative Agent will be affected by notice to the contrary. 
 BY ACCEPTANCE HEREOF, THE HOLDER OF THIS NOTE AGREES TO THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS SET FORTH IN THE NOTE ISSUANCE AND PURCHASE AGREEMENT AND HEREIN. 
 THIS NOTE SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND SHALL BE CONSTRUED AND ENFORCED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK WITHOUT REGARD TO CONFLICT OF LAWS PRINCIPLES THEREOF (OTHER THAN SECTIONS 5-1401 AND 5-1402 OF THE NEW YORK GENERAL OBLIGATIONS LAW) . 

ASSIGNMENT 
 Social Security or taxpayer I.D. or other identifying number of assignee:___________________ 
 
 	FOR VALUE RECEIVED, the undersigned hereby sells, assigns and transfers unto: 
 	 
 (name and address of assignee) 
 the within Note and all rights thereunder, and hereby irrevocably constitutes and appoints 	 , 
 (name of Administrative Agent) 
 attorney, to transfer said Note on the books kept for registration thereof, with full power of substitution in the premises. 

Dated: 				 

Signature Guaranteed: 

The signature to this assignment must correspond with the name of the registered owner as it appears on the face of the within Note in every particular, without alteration, enlargement or any change whatever. Such signature must be guaranteed by an eligible guarantor institution meeting the requirements of the Issuer and the Administrative Agent, which requirements include membership or participation in STAMP or such other signature guarantee program as may be determined by the Issuer and the Administrative Agent in addition to, or in substitution for, STAMP, all in accordance with the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

EXHIBIT C 
 
 Form of Monthly Collateral and servicing report 
 
 (See Attached) 

EXHIBIT D 
 
 Form of 
 
 Request for NOTE FUNDING 
 
 The undersigned Issuer executes and delivers this Request for Note Funding Request as of ______________, 20__, in connection with the Note Issuance and Purchase Agreement (as amended, restated or extended from time to time, the Note Issuance and Purchase Agreement ), dated as of October 21, 2022, by and among Issuer, Jefferies Funding LLC, as Initial Note Purchaser, the other Note Purchasers from time to time party thereto, Citibank, N.A., as paying agent and collateral agent, and Jefferies Funding LLC, as administrative agent for itself and for the other Note Purchasers (in such capacities, Administrative Agent ). All capitalized terms used in this Request without definition shall have the same meanings herein as they have in the Note Issuance and Purchase Agreement. 
 Pursuant to Section 4.2 of the Note Issuance and Purchase Agreement, Issuer hereby requests a Note Funding from the Note Purchasers in the amount of ______________ on ________________, 20__. 
 Issuer hereby represents and certifies to Administrative Agent and the Note Purchasers as follows: 
 1.	As of the date of this Request, Issuer is in compliance in all material respects with all of the terms and conditions of the Note Issuance and Purchase Agreement and the other Transaction Documents and no Default, Event of Default, Early Wind-Down Trigger Event, Material Adverse Change or Level Two Regulatory Event thereunder exists and each of the conditions to the requested Note Funding set forth in the Note Issuance and Purchase Agreement, including Section 4.2 , has been satisfied in all material respects or otherwise waived by Administrative Agent. 
 2.	Except as otherwise previously disclosed in writing to Administrative Agent, Issuer s representations and warranties set forth in the Note Issuance and Purchase Agreement, the other Transaction Documents and any other related document, are true and accurate in all material respects as of the date of this Request (except where such representation or warranty is otherwise expressly made as of another date, in which case it is, was or will be true and correct on and as of such other date). 
 3.	There are no liabilities or obligations owing by Issuer of any nature whatsoever in violation of the Note Issuance and Purchase Agreement. 
 4.	As of the date of this Request, to the actual knowledge of Issuer, each Receivable identified in the attached Schedule A is an Eligible Receivable. 
 5.	All of Issuer s right (including the power to convey title thereto), title and interest in and to each Portfolio Document related to each Receivable File, shall be collaterally assigned 

and pledged to Collateral Agent in accordance with the terms of the Note Issuance and Purchase Agreement. 
 6.	As of the date of this Request, the sum of the outstanding principal balance under the Notes (after giving effect to the Note Funding and pledge to be made on such date pursuant to this Request) plus the amount requested in any outstanding but unfunded Request for Note Funding does not violate Section 2.1 of the Note Issuance and Purchase Agreement. 
 
 [REMAINDER OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY BLANK; SIGNATURE PAGE FOLLOWS] 

NETCREDIT RECEIVABLES 2022, LLC , 
 a Delaware limited liability company 
 
 By:	 						 Name:	 						 Title:	 						 

Schedule A 
 
 List of Receivables 
 
 (See Attached) 

EXHIBIT E 
 
 UNDERWRITING GUIDELINES 
 
 (See Attached) 

EXHIBIT F 
 
 Servicing Policy 
 
 (See Attached) 

</EX-10>

<EX-10>
 3
 enva-ex10_47.htm
 EX-10.47

EX-10 

Exhibit 10.47 
 Amendment No. 3 to 
 Credit Agreement 
 
 This Amendment No. 3 to Credit Agreement (this Amendment is entered into as of November 18, 2022, by and among OnDeck Receivables 2021, LLC , a Delaware limited liability company, as company (the Borrower ), the lenders from time to time parties hereto (the Lenders ), JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. , as administrative agent and collateral agent for the Lenders (in such capacity, the Administrative Agent and Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas , as paying agent (in such capacity, the Paying Agent ). 
 Recitals 
 Whereas , the Borrower has entered into that certain Credit Agreement, dated as of November 17, 2021, by and among the Borrower, the lenders, the Administrative Agent and the Paying Agent (as amended prior to the date hererof, by this Amendment and as further amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Credit Agreement ); 
 Whereas , in accordance with the terms of the Credit Agreement, the Borrower has requested, and the Required Lenders and Administrative Agent have agreed to, modify certain provisions of the Credit Agreement, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein. 
 Now , Therefore , in consideration of the mutual covenants set forth herein and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto hereby agree as follows: 
 Agreement 
 1. Defined Terms. Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined shall have the meanings ascribed to such terms in the Credit Agreement. 

2. Amendment to the Credit Agreement. Upon satisfaction of the conditions set forth in Section 3 hereof, the parties hereto hereby agree that the Credit Agreement is hereby amended by incorporating the changes shown on the marked copy of the Credit Agreement attached hereto as Exhibit A (it being understood that the language which appears struck out has been deleted and language which appears as double-underlined has been added). 

3. Conditions Precedent. The effectiveness of this Amendment is subject to the satisfaction of the following conditions precedent: 

(a) receipt by the Administrative Agent of this Amendment, duly executed and delivered by the parties thereto, in form and substance acceptable to the Administrative Agent; 

(b) receipt by the Administrative Agent of the Class B Joinder Agreement with respect to Jefferies Finance, LLC, duly executed and delivered by the parties thereto, in form and substance acceptable to the Administrative Agent; and 

(c) the Borrower shall pay or caused to be paid all reasonable and documented out-of-pocket costs and expenses of the Administrative Agent and Lenders incurred in connection with this Amendment. 

4. Representations and Warranties of Borrower . Borrower hereby represents and warrants to the Administrative Agent and each Lender that: 

(a) The representations and warranties of Borrower contained in Section 4 of the Credit Agreement are true and correct in all material respects (except in the case of any representation and warranty qualified by materiality, which is true and correct in all respects) as of the date hereof, except to the extent that such representations and warranties specifically refer to an earlier date, in which case they are true and correct in all material respects (except in the case of any representation and warranty qualified by materiality, which is true and correct in all respects) as of such earlier date. 

(b) No Event of Default, Default or Early Amortization Event, or Servicer Default or any event that with the giving of notice of the lapse of time, or both, would constitute a Servicer Default has occurred and is continuing. 

(c) The Borrower (i) has all necessary power, authority and legal right to (A) execute and deliver this Amendment and (B) carry out the terms of this Amendment and the Credit Documents as amended hereby and (ii) has duly authorized by all necessary limited liability action action the execution, delivery and performance of this Amendment and the Credit Documents as amended hereby on the terms and conditions herein and therein provided. 

(d) All approvals, authorizations, consents, orders, licenses or other actions of any Person or of any Governmental Authority required for the due execution and delivery of this Amendment by the Borrower and performance by the Borrower of the Credit Agreement as amended hereby have been obtained. 

(e) The execution and delivery of this Amendment, the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby and by the Credit Documents as amended hereby and the fulfillment of the terms hereof and thereof will not (i) conflict with, result in any breach of any of the terms and provisions of, or constitute (with or without the giving of notice or lapse of time or both) a default under, the Organizational Documents or a default in any material respect under any Contractual Obligation of the Borrower, (ii) result in the creation or imposition of any Lien upon any of Borrower s properties, or (iii) violate any Requirements of Law. 

(f) This Amendment constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation of the Borrower, enforceable against the Borrower in accordance with its terms, except as such enforceability may be limited by applicable Debtor Relief Laws and except as such enforceability may be limited by general principles of equity (whether considered in suit at law or in equity). 

5. Effect on the Credit Agreement and Ratification . (a) Except as expressly set forth herein, nothing contained herein shall be deemed to constitute a waiver of compliance with any term or condition contained in the Credit Agreement or any of the other Credit Documents or constitute a course of conduct or dealing among the parties. The Administrative Agent and Lenders reserve all rights, privileges and remedies under the Credit Documents. The Credit Agreement, as hereby amended and all other Credit Documents to which the Borrower is a party are hereby ratified and re-affirmed by the Borrower in all respects and, except as set forth herein, shall remain unmodified and in full force and effect. All references in the Credit Documents to the Credit Agreement shall 

2 
 
 LEGAL_US_E # 166756386.3 

be deemed to be references to the Credit Agreement as modified hereby. This Amendment shall constitute a Credit Document. 

(b)	The relationship of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders, on the one hand, and the Borrower, on the other hand, has been and shall continue to be, at all times, that of creditor and debtor and not as joint venturers or partners. Nothing contained in this Amendment, any instrument, document or agreement delivered in connection herewith or in the Credit Agreement or any of the other Credit Documents shall be deemed or construed to create a fiduciary relationship between or among the parties. 
 
 6. No Novation. This Amendment is not intended by the parties to be, and shall not be construed to be, a novation of the Credit Agreement or any other Credit Document or an accord and satisfaction in regard thereto. 

7. Successors and Assigns. The provisions of this Amendment shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and permitted assigns; provided that the Borrower may not assign or transfer any of its rights or obligations under this Amendment without the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent and Lenders. 

8. Headings . The captions and headings of this Amendment are for convenience of reference only and shall not affect the interpretation of this Amendment. 

9. Incorporation of Credit Agreement. The provisions contained in Section 9.11 (Severability), Section 9.14 (APPLICABLE LAW), Section 9.15 (CONSENT TO JURISDICTION), Section 9.16 (WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL), Section 9.17 (Confidentiality) and Section 9.20 (Effectiveness) of the Credit Agreement are incorporated herein by this reference, mutatis mutandis . 

remainder of page intentionally blank; signatures follow. 
 
 3 
 
 LEGAL_US_E # 166756386.3 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have caused this Amendment to be duly executed and delivered by its duly authorized officer as of the day and year first above written. 
 
 ONDECK RECEIVABLES 2021-1, LLC, as Company 
 By: 	 
 Name: 
 Title: 

Amendment No. 3 to Credit Agreement 

JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., as Administrative Agent and Collateral Agent 
 By: 	 
 Name:	 
 Title:	 
 
 JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., as Class A Committed Lender 
 By: 	 
 Name:	 
 Title:	 
 
 CHARIOT FUNDING LLC as Class A Conduit Lender 
 By: JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., 
 its attorney-in-fact 
 
 By: 	 
 Name:	 
 Title:	 
 
 Amendment No. 3 to Credit Agreement 

JEFFERIES FUNDING LLC, as Class B Lender 
 By: 	 
 Name:	 
 Title:	 

Amendment No. 3 to Credit Agreement 

Exhibit A 
 
 Marked Credit Agreement 
 
 See attached 

</EX-10>

<EX-10>
 4
 enva-ex10_48.htm
 EX-10.48

EX-10 

Exhibit 10.48 
 AMENDMENT NO. 8 TO 
 FOURTH AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT 
 
 This AMENDMENT NO. 8 TO FOURTH AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT (this Amendment dated as of November 18, 2022, is entered into by and among RECEIVABLE ASSETS OF ONDECK, LLC , a Delaware limited liability company Company ), the Lenders party hereto and Truist BANK, as Administrative Agent (in such capacity, the Administrative Agent ). 
 	 RECITALS: 
 WHEREAS , Company, the Lenders party thereto from time to time, the Administrative Agent, and Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., as Paying Agent and as Collateral Agent for the Secured Parties, entered into a Fourth Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of December 17, 2018, as amended by that certain Amendment No. 1 to the Fourth Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of October 2, 2019, as further amended by that certain Amendment No. 2 to the Fourth Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of May 14, 2020, as further amended by that certain Amendment No. 3 to the Fourth Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of November 11, 2020, as further amended by that certain Amendment No. 4 to the Fourth Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of December 16, 2020, as further amended by that certain Amendment No. 5 to the Fourth Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of December 24, 2020, as further amended by that certain Amendment No. 6 to the Fourth Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of July 16, 2021 and as further amended by that certain Amendment No. 7 to the Fourth Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of March 18, 2022 (as may be further amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Credit Agreement pursuant to which the Lenders have made advances and other financial accommodations to Company. Capitalized terms not otherwise defined in this Amendment have the same meanings as specified in the Credit Agreement, as amended hereby; 
 WHEREAS , Company, the Lenders party hereto and Administrative Agent, desire to amend the Credit Agreement as set forth herein subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein. 
 NOW, THEREFORE , in consideration of the premises and the agreements, provisions and covenants herein contained, the parties hereto agree as follows: 
 SECTION 1. AMENDMENTS TO THE CREDIT AGREEMENT 
 Effective as of the Amendment No. 8 Effective Date (as defined below), each of the parties hereto agrees that the Credit Agreement shall be amended to delete the stricken text (indicated textually in the same manner as the following example: stricken text and to add the double-underlined text (indicated textually in the same manner as the following example: double-underlined text as set forth in the document attached as Exhibit A hereto. 
 SECTION 2. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 
 In order to induce the Administrative Agent and the Lenders party hereto to enter into this Amendment, Company represents and warrants to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders, on the Amendment No. 8 Effective Date, that the following statements are true and correct, it being 

understood and agreed that the representations and warranties made on the Amendment No. 8 Effective Date are deemed to be made concurrently with the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby: 
 2.1	 Due Authorization. The execution, delivery and performance of this Amendment have been duly authorized by all necessary action on the part of Company. 
 2.2	 Binding Obligation. This Amendment has been duly executed and delivered by the Company and is the legally valid and binding obligation of the Company enforceable against the Company in accordance with its terms, except as may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or similar laws relating to or limiting creditors rights generally or by equitable principles relating to enforceability. 
 2.3	 Incorporation of Representations and Warranties from Credit Agreement . The representations and warranties contained in Section 4 of the Credit Agreement are true and correct in all material respects on and as of the Amendment No. 8 Effective Date as though made on and as of that date, except to the extent such representations and warranties specifically relate to an earlier date, in which case they were true and correct in all material respects on and as of such earlier date; provided that, in each case, such materiality qualifier shall not be applicable to any representations and warranties that already are qualified or modified by materiality in the text thereof. 
 2.4	 Absence of Default . No event has occurred and is continuing or will result from the consummation of this Amendment that would constitute a Default or an Event of Default. 
 SECTION 3. CONDITIONS PRECEDENT 
 3.1	 Conditions Precedent to Effectiveness of the Amendment . The Amendment provided for hereby shall become effective as of the date (the Amendment No. 8 Effective Date on which each of the following conditions have been satisfied or waived by the Administrative Agent: 
 (a) Amendment Documents and Related Agreements . The Administrative Agent shall have received counterparts of (a) this Amendment executed by the Company, the Lenders party hereto and the Administrative Agent, (b) the Seventh Amended and Restated Fee Letter, dated as of the Amendment No. 8 Effective Date, executed by the Company and the Administrative Agent and (c) the Amended and Restated Class B Revolving Lender Fee Letter, dated as of the Amendment No. 8 Effective Date, executed by the Company and each Class B Revolving Lender. 

(b) Opinions of Counsel to Company, Holdings and ODK Capital . The Administrative Agent and counsel to Administrative Agent shall have received an executed copy of the favorable written opinion of Paul Hastings LLP, counsel for Company, Holdings and ODK Capital, as to such matters as the Administrative Agent may reasonably request, dated as of the Amendment No. 8 Effective Date and otherwise in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent (and Company hereby instructs, and Holdings shall instruct, such counsel to deliver such opinions to Agents and Lenders). 

LEGAL_US_E # 166628612.3 

(c) Amendment No. 8 Effective Date Certificate . Holdings and Company shall have delivered to the Administrative Agent an originally executed Amendment No. 8 Effective Date Certificate, together with all attachments thereto. 

The Administrative Agent and each Lender, by delivering its signature page to this Amendment, shall be deemed to have acknowledged receipt of, and consented to and approved, each Credit Document and each other document required to be approved by the Administrative Agent or Lenders, as applicable on the Amendment No. 8 Effective Date. 
 SECTION 4. MISCELLANEOUS 
 4.1	 Reference to and Effect on the Credit Agreement and the Other Credit Documents . 
 (a) On and after the Amendment No. 8 Effective Date, each reference in the Credit Agreement to this Agreement , hereunder , hereof or words of like import referring to the Credit Agreement, and each reference in the Credit Documents and the Related Agreements to the Credit Agreement , thereunder , thereof or words of like import referring to the Credit Agreement, shall mean and be a reference to the Credit Agreement, as amended by this Amendment. This Amendment is hereby designated as a Credit Document for all purposes of the Credit Documents. 
 (b) Except as expressly set forth herein, no other amendments, changes or modifications to the Credit Agreement and each other Credit Document are intended or implied, and in all other respects the Credit Agreement and each other Credit Document are and shall continue to be in full force and effect and are hereby in all respects specifically ratified, restated and confirmed by all parties hereto as of the Amendment No. 8 Effective Date and Company shall not be entitled to any other further amendment by virtue of the provisions of this Amendment or with respect to the subject matter of this Amendment. To the extent of conflict between the terms of this Amendment and the other Credit Documents, the terms of this Amendment shall control. The Credit Agreement and this Amendment shall be read and construed as one agreement. 
 (c) The execution, delivery and effectiveness of this Amendment shall not, except as expressly provided herein, operate as a waiver of any right, power or remedy of any Lender, Administrative Agent or Agent under the Credit Agreement, nor constitute a waiver of any provision of the Credit Agreement. 
 4.2	 Binding Effect . This Amendment shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of each of the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns. 
 4.3	 Governing Law . This Amendment and the rights and obligations of the parties hereunder shall be governed by, and shall be construed and enforced in accordance with, the laws of the State of New York. 
 4.4	 Execution in Counterparts . This Amendment may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which when so executed and delivered shall be deemed an original, but all such counterparts together shall constitute but one and the same instrument. 
 
 LEGAL_US_E # 166628612.3 

Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page of this Amendment by fax or other electronic imaging means shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this Amendment. 
 4.5	 Headings . Section headings herein are included herein for convenience of reference only and shall not constitute a part hereof for any other purpose or be given any substantive effect. 
 [ remainder intentionally left blank ] 

LEGAL_US_E # 166628612.3 

IN WITNESS THEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Amendment to be executed by their respective officers thereunto duly authorized, as of the date first above written. 
 
 RECEIVABLE ASSETS OF ONDECK, LLC , as Company 
 
 By:	 	 
 Name: 
 Title: 

Truist Bank , as Administrative Agent and Class A Revolving Lender 
 
 By:	 	 
 Name: 
 Title: 

Jefferies FUNDING LLC , as Class B Revolving Lender 
 
 By:	 	 
 Name: 
 Title: 

</EX-10>

<EX-21>
 5
 enva-ex21_1.htm
 EX-21.1

EX-21 

Exhibit 21.1 
 Subsidiaries of Enova International, Inc. 
 The following is a list of subsidiaries of Enova International, Inc. as of February 25, 2022: 

Entity Name 
 Jurisdiction of Incorporation/Organization 
 Direct Ownership 

Debit Plus, LLC 
 Delaware 
 100.00 

Debit Plus Payment Solutions, LLC 
 Delaware 
 100.00 

Debit Plus Services, LLC 
 Delaware 
 100.00 

Debit Plus Technologies, LLC 
 Delaware 
 100.00 

Energy Intermediate, Inc 
 Delaware 
 100.00 

On Deck Capital, Inc 
 Delaware 
 100.00 

Loan Assets of On Deck, LLC 
 Delaware 
 100.00 

ODWS, LLC 
 Delaware 
 100.00 

ODX, LLC 
 Delaware 
 100.00 

OnDeck Account Receivables Trust 2013-1, LLC 
 Delaware 
 100.00 

OnDeck Asset Funding II, LLC 
 Delaware 
 100.00 

OnDeck Asset Securitization Trust II, LLC 
 Delaware 
 100.00 

OnDeck Asset Securitization Trust III, LLC 
 Delaware 
 100.00 

OnDeck Canada Holdings, Inc 
 Delaware 
 100.00 

OnDeck Capital Australia Pty Ltd 
 Australia 
 20.00 

OnDeck Capital UK, Ltd 
 England 
 100.00 

Prime On Deck Receivable Trust II, LLC 
 Delaware 
 100.00 

Receivable Assets of OnDeck, LLC 
 Delaware 
 100.00 

Small Business Asset Fund II, LLC 
 Delaware 
 100.00 

Small Business Funding Trust 
 Delaware 
 100.00 

Enova Online Services, LLC 
 Delaware 
 100.00 

Align Mint, LLC 
 Delaware 
 100.00 

Cumulus Funding, Inc. 
 Delaware 
 100.00 

Align Income Share Funding, LLC 
 Delaware 
 100.00 

Billers Acceptance Group, LLC 
 Delaware 
 100.00 

CNU Online Holdings, LLC 
 Delaware 
 100.00 

AEL Net Marketing, LLC 
 Delaware 
 100.00 

AEL Net of Missouri, LLC 
 Delaware 
 100.00 

CashEuroNet UK, LLC 
 Delaware 
 100.00 

CashNetUSA of Florida, LLC 
 Delaware 
 100.00 

CNU DollarsDirect Inc. 
 Delaware 
 100.00 

CNU DollarsDirect Lending Inc. 
 Delaware 
 100.00 

CNU Global-1, LLC 
 Delaware 
 100.00 

CNU of Mexico 1, LLC 
 Mexico 
 99.00 

CNU of Mexico 2, LLC 
 Mexico 
 99.00 

CNU Global-2, LLC 
 Delaware 
 100.00 

CNU of Mexico 1, LLC 
 Mexico 
 1.00 

CNU of Mexico 2, LLC 
 Mexico 
 1.00 

CNU of Alaska, LLC 
 Delaware 
 100.00 

CNU of Arizona, LLC 
 Delaware 
 100.00 

CNU of California, LLC 
 Delaware 
 100.00 

CNU of Colorado, LLC 
 Delaware 
 100.00 

CNU of Delaware, LLC 
 Delaware 
 100.00 

CNU of Florida, LLC 
 Delaware 
 100.00 

CNU of Hawaii, LLC 
 Delaware 
 100.00 

CNU of Illinois, LLC 
 Delaware 
 100.00 

CNU of Indiana, LLC 
 Delaware 
 100.00 

CNU of Iowa, LLC 
 Delaware 
 100.00 

CNU of Maine, LLC 
 Delaware 
 100.00 

CNU of Michigan, LLC 
 Delaware 
 100.00 

CNU of Minnesota, LLC 
 Delaware 
 100.00 

CNU of Mississippi, LLC 
 Delaware 
 100.00 

CNU of Missouri, LLC 
 Delaware 
 100.00 

CNU of Montana, LLC 
 Delaware 
 100.00 

CNU of Nevada, LLC 
 Delaware 
 100.00 

CNU of New Hampshire, LLC 
 Delaware 
 100.00 

CNU of New Mexico, LLC 
 Delaware 
 100.00 

CashNetUSA CO LLC 
 Delaware 
 100.00 

CashNetUSA OR LLC 
 Delaware 
 100.00 

The Check Giant NM LLC 
 Delaware 
 100.00 

CNU of North Dakota, LLC 
 Delaware 
 100.00 

CNU of Ohio, LLC 
 Delaware 
 100.00 

CNU of Oklahoma, LLC 
 Delaware 
 100.00 

CNU of Oregon, LLC 
 Delaware 
 100.00 

CNU of Rhode Island, LLC 
 Delaware 
 100.00 

CNU of South Carolina, LLC 
 Delaware 
 100.00 

CNU of Tennessee, LLC 
 Delaware 
 100.00 

CNU of Texas, LLC 
 Delaware 
 100.00 

CNU of Virginia, LLC 
 Utah 
 100.00 

CNU of Washington, LLC 
 Delaware 
 100.00 

CNU of Wisconsin, LLC 
 Delaware 
 100.00 

CNU of Wyoming, LLC 
 Delaware 
 100.00 

CNU Technologies of Iowa, LLC 
 Delaware 
 100.00 

DollarsDirect, LLC 
 Delaware 
 100.00 

EFR 2016-2, LLC 
 Delaware 
 100.00 

Enova Brazil, LLC 
 Delaware 
 100.00 

LH1003 Servicos De Dados LTDA 
 Brazil 
 1.00 

Enova Finance 5, LLC 
 Delaware 
 100.00 

EFR 2016-1, LLC 
 Delaware 
 100.00 

Enova International GEC, LLC 
 Delaware 
 100.00 

Enova SMB, LLC 
 Delaware 
 100.00 

Headway Capital, LLC 
 Delaware 
 100.00 

CashNet CSO of Maryland, LLC 
 Delaware 
 100.00 

CNU of Alabama, LLC 
 Delaware 
 100.00 

CNU of Idaho, LLC 
 Delaware 
 100.00 

CNU of Kansas, LLC 
 Delaware 
 100.00 

CNU of South Dakota, LLC 
 Delaware 
 100.00 

CNU of Utah, LLC 
 Utah 
 100.00 

CNU of Louisiana, LLC 
 Utah 
 100.00 

NC Financial Solutions of Louisiana, LLC 
 Utah 
 100.00 

NC Financial Solutions of Utah, LLC 
 Utah 
 100.00 

ODK Capital, LLC 
 Delaware 
 100.00 

Ondeck Receivables 2021, LLC 
 Delaware 
 100.00 

Ondeck Receivables 2022, LLC 
 Delaware 
 100.00 

Tennessee CNU, LLC 
 Delaware 
 100.00 

The Business Backer, LLC 
 Delaware 
 100.00 

LH1003 Servicos De Dados LTDA 
 Brazil 
 99.00 

LH1010 Correspondente Banc rio e Servi os Ltda. 
 Brazil 
 100.00 

Mobile Leasing Group, Inc. 
 Delaware 
 100.00 

NC Financial Solutions, LLC 
 Delaware 
 100.00 

CreditMe, LLC 
 Delaware 
 100.00 

NC Financial Solutions of Alabama, LLC 
 Delaware 
 100.00 

NC Financial Solutions of Arizona, LLC 
 Delaware 
 100.00 

NC Financial Solutions of California, LLC 
 Delaware 
 100.00 

NC Financial Solutions of Delaware, LLC 
 Delaware 
 100.00 

NC Financial Solutions of Georgia, LLC 
 Delaware 
 100.00 

NC Financial Solutions of Idaho, LLC 
 Delaware 
 100.00 

NC Financial Solutions of Illinois, LLC 
 Delaware 
 100.00 

NC Financial Solutions of Mississippi, LLC 
 Delaware 
 100.00 

NC Financial Solutions of Missouri, LLC 
 Delaware 
 100.00 

NC Financial Solutions of New Mexico, LLC 
 Delaware 
 100.00 

NC Financial Solutions of North Dakota, LLC 
 Delaware 
 100.00 

NC Financial Solutions of Ohio, LLC 
 Delaware 
 100.00 

NC Financial Solutions of South Carolina, LLC 
 Delaware 
 100.00 

NC Financial Solutions of South Dakota, LLC 
 Delaware 
 100.00 

NC Financial Solutions of Texas, LLC 
 Delaware 
 100.00 

NC Financial Solutions of Virginia, LLC 
 Utah 
 100.00 

NC Financial Solutions of Wisconsin, LLC 
 Delaware 
 100.00 

NetCredit Finance, LLC 
 Delaware 
 100.00 

NetCredit Funding 2019-A, LLC 
 Delaware 
 100.00 

ENVA 2019-A, LLC 
 Delaware 
 100.00 

NetCredit Funding 2020-A, LLC 
 Delaware 
 100.00 

ENVA 2020-A, LLC 
 Delaware 
 100.00 

NetCredit Funding 2023 A, LLC 
 Delaware 
 100.00 

NetCredit Combined Receivables 2023, LLC 
 Delaware 
 100.00 

NetCredit Funding 3 LLC 
 Delaware 
 100.00 

ENVA 2018-A, LLC 
 Delaware 
 100.00 

NetCredit Funding, LLC 
 Delaware 
 100.00 

EFR 2018-1, LLC 
 Delaware 
 100.00 

NetCredit Funding-2, LLC 
 Delaware 
 100.00 

EFR 2018-2, LLC 
 Delaware 
 100.00 

NetCredit Loan Services, LLC 
 Delaware 
 100.00 

NetCredit Receivables 2022, LLC 
 Delaware 
 100.00 

Ohio Consumer Financial Solutions, LLC 
 Delaware 
 100.00 

Pangea Intermediate, LLC 
 Delaware 
 100.00 

Pangea Transfer Company, LLC 
 Delaware 
 100.00 

Pangea Latin America, S.A. de C.V. 
 Mexico 
 99.00 

Pangea USA, LLC 
 Delaware 
 100.00 

Pangea Latin America, S.A. de C.V. 
 Mexico 
 1.00 

Enova Decisions, LLC 
 Delaware 
 100.00 

Enova Financial Holdings, LLC 
 Delaware 
 100.00 

</EX-21>

<EX-23>
 6
 enva-ex23_1.htm
 EX-23.1

EX-23 

Exhibit 23.1 
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

We consent to the incorporation by reference in Registration Statements on Post-Effective Amendment No.1 on Form S-8 to Form S-4 (No.333-248400), and Form S-8 (Nos. 333-265012, 333-249461, 333-228115, 333-211413, and 333-200929) of our report dated February 24, 2023, relating to the financial statements of Enova International, Inc. and the effectiveness of Enova International, Inc. s internal control over financial reporting appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 /s/ DELOITTE TOUCHE LLP 
 
 Chicago, IL 
 February 24, 2023 

</EX-23>

<EX-23>
 7
 enva-ex23_2.htm
 EX-23.2

EX-23 

Exhibit 23.2 
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements on Post-Effective Amendment No.1 on Form S-8 to Form S-4 (No. 333-248400), and Form S-8 (Nos. 333-249461, 333-228115, 333-211413, 333-200929, and 333-265012) of Enova International, Inc. of our report dated February 26, 2021 relating to the financial statements, which appears in this Form 10-K. 
 
 /s/ PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP 
 Chicago, Illinois February 24, 2023 

</EX-23>

<EX-31>
 8
 enva-ex31_1.htm
 EX-31.1

EX-31 

EXHIBIT 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, David A. Fisher, certify that: 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Enova International, Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) and have: 

a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: February 24, 2023 

/s/ David A. Fisher 

David A. Fisher 

Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31>

<EX-31>
 9
 enva-ex31_2.htm
 EX-31.2

EX-31 

EXHIBIT 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Steven E. Cunningham, certify that: 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Enova International, Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) and have: 

a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: February 24, 2023 

/s/ Steven E. Cunningham 

Steven E. Cunningham 

Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31>

<EX-32>
 10
 enva-ex32_1.htm
 EX-32.1

EX-32 

EXHIBIT 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Enova International, Inc. (the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, David A. Fisher, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to my knowledge: 
 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906, or other document authenticating, acknowledging, or otherwise adopting the signature that appears in typed form within the electronic version of this written statement required by Section 906, has been provided to Enova International, Inc. and will be retained by Enova International, Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 
 The undersigned expressly disclaims any obligation to update the foregoing certification except as required by law. 

/s/ David A. Fisher 

David A. Fisher 

Chief Executive Officer 

Date: February 24, 2023 
 The foregoing certification is being furnished solely pursuant to the requirements of 18 U.S.C. 1350 and is not being filed as a part of the Report or as a separate disclosure document. 

</EX-32>

<EX-32>
 11
 enva-ex32_2.htm
 EX-32.2

EX-32 

EXHIBIT 32.2 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Enova International, Inc. (the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Steven E. Cunningham, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to my knowledge: 
 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906, or other document authenticating, acknowledging, or otherwise adopting the signature that appears in typed form within the electronic version of this written statement required by Section 906, has been provided to Enova International, Inc. and will be retained by Enova International, Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 
 The undersigned expressly disclaims any obligation to update the foregoing certification except as required by law. 

/s/ Steven E. Cunningham 

Steven E. Cunningham 

Chief Financial Officer 

Date: February 24, 2023 
 The foregoing certification is being furnished solely pursuant to the requirements of 18 U.S.C. 1350 and is not being filed as a part of the Report or as a separate disclosure document. 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.CAL>
 17
 enva-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.SCH>
 18
 enva-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.PRE>
 19
 enva-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-101.LAB>
 20
 enva-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.DEF>
 21
 enva-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

