<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230224_10-K_edgar_data_1626115_0001564590-23-002439.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>13662330</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>261016</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2576939</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>4815134</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1957997</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>3823801</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001564590-23-002439.hdr.sgml : 20230224
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230224163118
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001564590-23-002439
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		95
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230224
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230224

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			PJT Partners Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001626115
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	INVESTMENT ADVICE [6282]
		IRS NUMBER:				364797143
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-36869
		FILM NUMBER:		23667905

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		280 PARK AVENUE
		STREET 2:		16TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10017
		BUSINESS PHONE:		212-364-7800

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		280 PARK AVENUE
		STREET 2:		16TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10017

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Blackstone Advisory Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20141120

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001564590-23-002439.txt : 20230224

10-K
 1
 pjt-10k_20221231.htm
 10-K

pjt-10k_20221231.htm

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 
 
 (Mark One) 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended 
 OR 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from to 
 Commission File Number 

(Exact name of Registrant as specified in its Charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation or organization) 
 
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

, 

(Address of principal executive offices) 
 
 (Zip Code) 

Registrant s telephone number, including area code: 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class 

Trading 
 Symbol(s) 

Name of each exchange on which registered 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. No 
 Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Accelerated Filer 

Non-Accelerated Filer 

Smaller Reporting Company 

Emerging Growth Company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the Registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive o cers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 As of June 30, 2022, the aggregate market value of the Registrant s Class A common stock (based upon the closing stock price) held by non-affiliates was approximately billion. 
 As of February 17, 2023, there were shares of Class A common stock, par value 0.01 per share, and shares of Class B common stock, par value 0.01 per share, outstanding. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 

PART I. 

ITEM 1. 

BUSINESS 

4 

ITEM 1A. 

RISK FACTORS 

12 

ITEM 1B. 

UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

26 

ITEM 2. 

PROPERTIES 

26 

ITEM 3. 

LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

26 

ITEM 4. 

MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

26 

PART II. 

ITEM 5. 

MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

27 

ITEM 6. 

[RESERVED] 

29 

ITEM 7. 

MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

30 

ITEM 7A. 

QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

38 

ITEM 8. 

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

40 

ITEM 9. 

CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

74 

ITEM 9A. 

CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

74 

ITEM 9B. 

OTHER INFORMATION 

76 

ITEM 9C. 

DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 

76 

PART III. 

ITEM 10. 

DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

77 

ITEM 11. 

EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

77 

ITEM 12. 

SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

77 

ITEM 13. 

CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

77 

ITEM 14. 

PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 

77 

PART IV. 

ITEM 15. 

EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

78 

ITEM 16. 

FORM 10-K SUMMARY 

81 

SIGNATURES 

82 

1 

PJT Partners Inc. was formed in connection with certain merger and spin-off transactions whereby the financial and strategic advisory services, restructuring and reorganization advisory services and Park Hill Group businesses of Blackstone Inc. Blackstone or our former Parent were combined with PJT Capital LP, a financial advisory firm founded by Paul J. Taubman in 2013 (together with its then affiliates, PJT Capital ), and the combined business was distributed to Blackstone s unitholders to create PJT Partners Inc., a stand-alone, independent publicly traded company. Throughout this Annual Report on Form 10-K, we refer to this transaction as the spin-off. 
 PJT Partners Inc. is a holding company and its only material asset is its controlling equity interest in PJT Partners Holdings LP, a holding partnership that holds the Company s operating subsidiaries, and certain cash and cash equivalents it may hold from time to time as described herein in Part II. Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities Dividend Policy. As the sole general partner of PJT Partners Holdings LP, PJT Partners Inc. operates and controls all of the business and affairs of PJT Partners Holdings LP and its operating subsidiaries. 
 In this Annual Report on Form 10-K, unless the context requires otherwise, the words PJT Partners Inc. refers to PJT Partners Inc., and PJT Partners, the Company, we, us and our refer to PJT Partners Inc., together with its consolidated subsidiaries, including PJT Partners Holdings LP and its operating subsidiaries. 
 Forward-Looking Statements 
 Certain material presented herein contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). Forward-looking statements include certain information concerning future results of operations, business strategies, acquisitions, financing plans, competitive position, potential growth opportunities, potential operating performance improvements, the effects of competition and the effects of future legislation or regulations. Forward-looking statements include all statements that are not historical facts and can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology such as the words believe, expect, opportunity, plan, intend, anticipate, estimate, predict, potential, continue, may, might, should, could or the negative of these terms or similar expressions. 
 Forward-looking statements are neither historical facts nor assurances of future performance. Instead, they are based only on our current beliefs, expectations, and assumptions regarding the future of our business, future plans and strategies, projections, anticipated events and trends, the economy, and other future conditions. Because forward-looking statements relate to the future, they are subject to inherent uncertainties, risks, and changes in circumstances that are difficult to predict, many of which are outside our control. Our actual results and financial condition may differ materially from those indicated in the forward-looking statements. Therefore, you should not place undue reliance upon any of these forward-looking statements. Important factors that could cause our actual results and financial condition to differ materially from those indicated in the forward-looking statements include, among others, the following: (a) changes in governmental regulations and policies (b) cyberattacks, security vulnerabilities, and internet disruptions, including breaches of data security and privacy leaks, data loss, and business interruptions (c) failures of our computer systems or communication systems, including as a result of a catastrophic event and the increased use of remote work environments and virtual platforms (d) the impact of catastrophic events on the U.S. and the global economy, including business disruptions, pandemics, reductions in employment and an increase in business failures (e) the impact of catastrophic events on our employees and our ability to provide services to our clients and respond to their needs (f) the failure of third-party service providers to perform their functions and (g) volatility in the political and economic environment, including as a result of inflation, rising interest rates and international conflict. 
 Any of these factors, as well as such other factors discussed in the Risk Factors section of this report, as such factors may be updated from time to time in our periodic filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ), accessible on the SEC s website at www.sec.gov, could cause our results to differ materially from those expressed in forward-looking statements. There may be other risks and uncertainties that we are unable to predict at this time or that are not currently expected to have a material adverse effect on our business. Any such risks could cause our results to differ materially from those expressed in forward-looking statements. 
 2 
 
 Website Disclosure 
 We use our website (www.pjtpartners.com) as a channel of distribution of Company information. The information we post may be deemed material. Accordingly, investors should monitor the website, in addition to following our press releases, SEC filings and public conference calls and webcasts. In addition, you may automatically receive e-mail alerts and other information about PJT Partners when you enroll your e-mail address by visiting the Investor Relations page of our website at ir.pjtpartners.com. Although we refer to our website in this report, the contents of our website are not included or incorporated by reference into this report. All references to our website in this report are intended to be inactive textual references only. 

3 

PART I. 

ITEM 1. 
 
 BUSINESS 

 Overview 
 PJT Partners is a premier global advisory-focused investment bank. We offer a unique portfolio of advisory services designed to help our clients achieve their strategic objectives. Our team of senior professionals delivers a range of strategic advisory, capital markets advisory, restructuring and special situations and shareholder advisory services to corporations, financial sponsors, institutional investors and governments around the world. We also provide private fund advisory and fundraising services for alternative investment strategies, including private equity, real estate, hedge funds and private credit. PJT Partners began trading on the New York Stock Exchange NYSE under the symbol PJT on October 1, 2015. 
 We have world-class capabilities in each of the areas in which we compete: 
 
 Strategic Advisory 
 Our team of leading professionals delivers strategic advice and innovative solutions to various opportunities and often highly complex challenges. We advise clients on transactions including mergers and acquisitions M&A ), spin-offs, activism defense, contested M&A, joint ventures, minority investments and divestitures. Additionally, we advise private and public company boards and management teams on strategies for building productive investor relationships with a focus on shareholder engagement strategic investor relations environmental, social and governance ESG matters and other complex investor-related matters. Our capital markets advisory team advises and executes public and private capital raises in the debt and equity capital markets, including debt financings, acquisition financings, structured product offerings, public equity raises including IPO and SPAC offerings, private capital raises for early and later stage companies as well as other capital structure related matters. 
 Restructuring and Special Situations 
 Our Restructuring and Special Situations business is one of the world s leading advisors in restructurings and recapitalizations, both in and out of court, around the globe. We have been named IFR s Restructuring Advisor of the Year for three years running beginning in 2020 and are consistently ranked among the top three in announced global restructuring volume. With expertise in highly complex capital structure challenges, we advise companies, 
 4 
 
 creditors and financial sponsors on liability management and related capital raise transactions including exchange s , recapitalizations, re organizations, debt repurchases and distressed mergers and acquisitions . 
 PJT Park Hill 
 PJT Park Hill, our leading global alternative asset advisory and fundraising business, provides private fund advisory and fundraising services for a diverse range of investment strategies. Moreover, PJT Park Hill is the only group among its peers with top-tier dedicated private equity, hedge fund, private credit, real estate and secondary advisory groups. PJT Park Hill s Secondary Advisory business is a leading advisor to global alternative asset managers. In the secondary market, we advise GPs and LPs on liquidity and other structured solutions. 
 Our Key Competitive Strengths 
 We intend to execute on our strategy by capitalizing on the following strengths of our organization: 

Young, Entrepreneurial Firm. PJT Partners combines decades of experience and excellence with the energy and enthusiasm of a new firm. Our teams act as trusted advisors to a diverse group of clients around the world, providing clients with creative solutions addressing a range of complex strategic matters. The creativity and depth of our advice, and the integrity and judgment with which we deliver it, provide a strong foundation for our growing business. The quality of our advice is core to what we do. 

Global Market Leadership. Our Restructuring and Special Situations Group is a global market leader. Our PJT Park Hill platform has a leading market position across its businesses: private equity, real estate, hedge funds, private credit and secondary advisory. Our growing premier Strategic Advisory business is comprised of industry leading practitioners and has advised on some of the most high-profile and complex transactions. Our industry-leading PJT Camberview business is a trusted advisor in the marketplace, having advised more than 55 Fortune 100 companies since its founding in 2012. 

 Our partners have decades of experience and deep relationships with a vast network of corporate executives, board members, financial sponsors, fund managers and governments. Their expertise across multiple product areas, industry verticals and geographies are sought by clients in complex, cross-border situations. Our PJT Park Hill business has long-standing relationships around the globe that give them unique access to capital sources and drives incremental value for our clients. 

Client Centric. Our success is built around the trust our clients have placed in us. We work every day to ensure that we are providing cutting edge advice on the critical matters facing our clients. We work to help them navigate through complex challenges and bold opportunities to meet their strategic objectives. Delivering optimal outcomes is what we strive for our clients results are our reputation. 

Premier Destination for Top Talent at All Levels. We have successfully recruited and will continue to recruit a wide range of diverse, talented colleagues at all levels who are attracted to our broad range of world-class advisory services and our unique culture. Since our earliest days, we have maintained that having the best people would be key to building an enduring franchise. Our perspective was, and still is, that a great team not only brings in top-tier clients, but also appeals to a wide-range of talented colleagues. Professionals at all levels choose to join PJT Partners because we offer the best qualities of a much larger, established organization along with the best qualities of a small, entrepreneurial firm where advice is the main event and where individual contribution matters. 

Collaboration Embedded in Culture. From day one of our firm, we have been committed to our culture being a commercial differentiator one that attracts and retains people in order to create a world-class firm built for the long term. Our culture is defined by strong character, differentiated capabilities and collaboration. These essential qualities help us build better client relationships and better client outcomes. 

One Integrated Firm, Highly Complementary Businesses. Our firm benefits from having a number of leading and complementary businesses. Our differentiated and diverse portfolio of industry, product and geographical expertise enables us to serve our clients in a unique way. Our premier advisory practices allow us to provide best-in-class advice to clients whether they are looking for growth through strategic alternatives, advice in shareholder engagement or in a restructuring or reorganization, or access to capital. Our deep networks across businesses allow us to connect clients and help them meet their strategic objectives. 

 5 

Asset- Light Business Model. Our Company has deep global expertise, footprint and relationships while operating out of eleven locations around the world. Since inception, we have chosen to operate in a n asset-light, cloud-based environment, without the constraints of heavy infrastructure, legacy systems and processes. We focus on intellectual capital and relationships and rely on relatively limited embedded infrastructure to serve clients. 

 Our Growth Strategy 
 Our strategy to achieve our growth objectives has the following components: 

Significantly Increase the Breadth and Depth of Our Advisory Franchise through Footprint Expansion. We remain committed to attracting top talent to expand into new industry verticals to serve a broader range of clients. We also continue to expand our global reach through talent additions, strategic alliances and senior advisors who can provide additional advice and relationships to key decision makers and sources of capital around the globe. 

Opportunity to Deepen Our Advisory Capabilities. We are committed to building on our suite of product capabilities to provide clients with deeper expertise in new and evolving areas to help them navigate complex challenges and achieve their strategic objectives. As the world becomes increasingly more complex, clients value our ability to provide differentiated advice on a wide range of strategic matters, restructurings and recapitalizations, capital structure solutions, investor issues and fundraising alternatives. 

Further Integration of Capabilities Across Businesses to Enhance Growth. We operate a scaled, diversified global advisory franchise comprised of highly synergistic businesses, each of which are defined by our cultural values strong character, differentiated capabilities and collaboration. Our people have relationships with a vast network of corporate executives, board members, financial sponsors, fund managers and governments, as well as expertise in multiple product areas, industry verticals and geographies. By operating in a more integrated and cohesive manner, we offer our clients a comprehensive and differentiated suite of advisory services. In addition, our deep networks across our businesses allow us to connect clients and provide incremental value in helping them meet their strategic objectives. 

 Our leading businesses in Restructuring and Special Situations, PJT Park Hill and PJT Camberview, in partnership with Strategic Advisory, continue to strengthen and expand our client relationships and brand reputation in the marketplace. We benefit from close collaboration across all our businesses, increased dialogues with financial sponsors as well as the increased footprint and product expertise and capabilities of our growing Strategic Advisory business. 
 Human Capital Management Philosophy 
 Our culture drives our success. From day one of our Company, we have been committed to developing our culture as a commercial differentiator one that attracts and retains people in order to create a world-class Company built for the long term. Our culture is defined by strong character, differentiated capabilities and collaboration. These essential qualities help us build stronger client relationships and better outcomes for our clients. Our human capital successes are evident through the number and quality of hires we have made, our historically low levels of attrition and the consistent positive feedback we receive through our employee surveys. Reinforcement of the culture we are building comes through engagement with our employees, the reward principles we apply to compensation and promotion decisions and our various talent development initiatives, which continue to evolve as we grow. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we employed 907 individuals globally, including 105 partners. 
 Board Oversight of Human Capital Management 
 The Board of Directors (the Board actively oversees the human capital management strategy of the Company. Some key examples of the Board s engagement include: 

The Board maintains and periodically reviews a succession plan for our Chairman and CEO. The Board s review includes an assessment of the experience, performance and skills of potential successors in these critically important roles. The Board holds CEO succession planning discussions in executive sessions led by the Lead Independent Director. 

 6 

The Board, including the Compensation Committee, maintains an active information flow and directs senior management to update and consult it regularly on key talent hires and other important aspects of the C ompany s human capital strategy. Under the Board s oversight, the C ompany continuously refines human capital priorities based on business drivers, employee feedback and the overall environment for talent. 

Directors actively engage and spend time with our senior management and other employees in a variety of ways. Our directors periodically attend partner meetings and dinners, participate in our town hall meetings, and meet with groups and individuals at our Company. 

Directors receive relevant employee communications, including announcements of transactions on which the Company has advised. 

 Employee Feedback and Engagement 
 We view active dialogue with our employees as essential to maintaining our unique culture. Since 2017, we have conducted various employee surveys to formally gather systematic feedback. Participation has been high with greater than 75 of employees responding each year. The consistently positive themes include a strong belief in our commitment to doing the right thing for both our clients and our Company, a belief that PJT Partners has a differentiated culture, a commitment to excellence and a strong sense of respect among colleagues. In addition, we host regular Company-wide town halls to connect employees with our management team and business leaders. 
 We use feedback from the survey, town halls and other employee connectivity forums to inform our ongoing efforts toward continuous improvement. 
 We have numerous other channels through which we engage with our employees on human capital topics, including our talent development committee, women s development series, individual performance reviews and other less formal forums, such as regularly scheduled meetings by business and level. We use these channels to solicit input on issues, such as resourcing and training priorities. We have also established forums for engagement on broadening our diversity lens, including through our employee resource groups, such as the PJT Women s Network, the PJT Black Professional Network and PJT Pride. 
 Reward Principles 
 We believe our Company culture is reinforced by rewarding employees who exemplify the pillars of our culture. Since the inception of our Company, our compensation and promotion structure has been designed to encourage the qualities we believe to be necessary for building a sustainable franchise. Our compensation is not formulaic and does not include individual revenue pay-outs. For a broad group of employees, discretionary bonuses also typically include a Company stock component to ensure long-term focus and alignment with the interests of our Company. All compensation and promotion decisions consider a number of factors within each of the following areas of impact, which are communicated to managers and employees alike: 

character 

collaboration 

commercial impact/client relationships and 

content. 

 Employer of Choice Initiatives 
 We prioritize the health and well-being of our employees and their families. We have always aimed to provide pay, benefits and other support that seeks to meet the varying needs of our employees. Our total rewards package is based on competitive pay and is often structured to include discretionary bonuses that include long-term incentives. Such incentives are designed to ensure alignment with our shareholders and the overall success of our Company. Other benefits we provide employees include comprehensive health care, 401(k) plan matching and pension contributions, generous paid-time off, discounted gym memberships, access to walk-in health care and emergency child and elderly care. We recognize that mental health is an integral part of our employees overall well-being and essential to our success at PJT Partners. In addition to providing workshops on mental health awareness, we recently expanded our employee benefits to include a comprehensive mental health platform that provides on-demand access 
 7 
 
 from a broad provider network. Furthermore, we acknowledge work-life balance issues for our employees through a paid-time off and leave policies that are consistent for all , regardless of level. 
 It is our practice to review and benchmark not only our compensation practices, but our health and wellness benefits annually and consider feedback from our employees to ensure we remain an employer of choice. 
 Diversity, Equity and Inclusion 
 Our success as a Company is centered on recruiting, developing and retaining top talent from a diverse range of backgrounds and experiences. Fostering an inclusive culture, which welcomes differing perspectives and beliefs, enables us to provide the best advice to our clients. 
 We continue to expand our Company s diversity efforts. We have implemented initiatives to raise awareness and make DE&I a more regular part of employee conversations. These include diversity training sessions with a globally recognized DE&I consultant attended by 100 of our senior leadership team and 80 of our Partners and Managing Directors overall. We continue to support our employee resource groups, including the PJT Women s Network, the PJT Black Professional Network and PJT Pride. 
 In 2022, we conducted our first Company-wide survey on our commitment to diversity, which aimed to measure how comfortable our employees feel engaging with DE&I topics. We also included those questions in our broader annual employee survey. While early in our journey, we were encouraged to see that our employees increasingly believe the Company is committed to DE&I and are becoming more comfortable having discussions about DE&I topics at work. 
 Employee Development 
 We understand that retaining best-in-class talent and building a Company for the long term requires providing the opportunity for career growth. With this in mind, we invest in a range of growth and development opportunities including the improvement of technical skills, client communication and leadership capabilities. We also recognize that our long-term success requires not only the recruitment of best-in-class senior talent, but in providing positive career trajectory and upward mobility for our employees. To that end, we continue to make significant improvements to our promotion processes and the mentorship of our rising talent, including through partnering with external executive coaches. These development efforts need to be consistently reinforced. Our review process and reward principles are designed to facilitate high-quality, honest feedback that supports and rewards the development of our people. 
 Engagement with the Broader Community 
 Our company and our employees are actively engaged in supporting the needs of the underserved in the communities where we operate. To aid in the support of the communities we serve, the Company and our employees have donated just over 6 million over the last three years to more than 260 global organizations dedicated to COVID-19 relief, mental health related causes or the advancement of racial equity. Our employees, including our summer interns, have made significant contributions of their time to the communities in which we operate. We have continued to require our summer program participants to complete a community volunteering project as a pre-requisite for a full-time offer. 
 Competition 
 The financial services industry is intensely competitive, and we expect it to remain so. Our competitors for talent include other investment banking and financial advisory firms as well as private equity firms, hedge funds and corporate entities. We compete on both a global and a regional basis, and on the basis of a number of factors, including the strength and depth of client relationships, industry knowledge, transaction execution skills, our range of products and services, innovation, reputation, our ability to offer a compelling career path and competitive rewards. 
 Our ability to continue to compete effectively in our business will depend upon our ability to attract new employees and retain and motivate our existing employees. As a result, we remain focused on ensuring that our employment proposition includes an attractive culture, development opportunities and competitive rewards. 
 8 
 
 Regulation 
 Our business, as well as the financial services industry generally, is subject to extensive regulation in the U.S. and across the globe. As a matter of public policy, regulatory bodies in the U.S. and the rest of the world are charged with safeguarding the integrity of the securities and other financial markets and with protecting the interests of clients participating in those markets. In the U.S., the SEC is the federal agency responsible for the administration of the federal securities laws. PJT Partners LP, through which our advisory and placement services are conducted in the U.S., as a registered broker-dealer, is subject to regulation and oversight by the SEC. In addition, the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority FINRA ), a self-regulatory organization that is subject to oversight by the SEC, adopts and enforces rules governing the conduct, and examines the activities, of its member firms, which includes registered broker-dealers. State securities regulators also have regulatory or oversight authority over registered broker-dealers. 
 Broker-dealers are subject to regulations that cover all aspects of the securities business, including capital structure, recordkeeping and the conduct and qualifications of directors, officers and employees. In particular, PJT Partners LP, as a registered broker-dealer and a FINRA member firm, is subject to the SEC s uniform net capital rule, Rule 15c3-1. Rule 15c3-1 specifies the minimum level of net capital a broker-dealer must maintain and also requires that a significant part of a broker-dealer s assets be kept in relatively liquid form. The SEC and various self-regulatory organizations impose rules that require notification when net capital falls below certain predefined criteria, limit the ratio of subordinated debt to equity in the regulatory capital composition of a broker-dealer and constrain the ability of a broker-dealer to expand its business under certain circumstances. Additionally, the SEC s uniform net capital rule imposes certain requirements that may have the effect of prohibiting a broker-dealer from distributing or withdrawing capital and requiring prior notice to the SEC for certain withdrawals of capital. 
 Further, PJT Partners LP is a registered commodity trading advisor with the Commodity Futures Trading Commission CFTC and is a member of the National Futures Association NFA ), a futures industry self-regulatory organization. The CFTC and NFA regulate futures contracts, swaps and various other financial instruments in which certain of PJT Partners LP s clients may invest. 
 In addition to the regulation we are subject to in the U.S., we are subject to regulation internationally. PJT Partners (UK) Limited is authorized and regulated by the United Kingdom s Financial Conduct Authority. PJT Partners (HK) Limited is licensed with the Hong Kong Securities and Futures Commission. PJT Partners Park Hill (Spain) A.V., S.A.U. is an investment firm authorized and regulated by Spain s National Securities Market Commission. 
 Certain parts of our business are subject to compliance with laws and regulations of U.S. federal and state governments, non-U.S. governments, their respective agencies and/or various self-regulatory organizations or exchanges relating to, among other things, the privacy of client information. Any failure to comply with these regulations could expose us to liability and/or reputational damage. 
 The U.S. and non-U.S. government agencies and self-regulatory organizations, as well as state securities commissions in the U.S., are empowered to conduct periodic examinations and initiate administrative proceedings that can result in censure, fines, the issuance of cease-and-desist orders or the suspension or expulsion of a broker-dealer or its directors, officers or employees. 
 Broker-dealers are also subject to regulations, including the USA PATRIOT Act of 2001, which impose obligations regarding the prevention and detection of money-laundering activities, including the establishment of customer due diligence and other compliance policies and procedures. 
 Failure to comply with these requirements may result in monetary, regulatory and, in certain cases, criminal penalties. In connection with its administration and enforcement of economic and trade sanctions based on U.S. foreign policy and national security goals, the U.S. Department of the Treasury s Office of Foreign Assets Control OFAC ), publishes a list of individuals and companies owned or controlled by, or acting for or on behalf of, targeted countries. It also lists individuals, groups and entities, such as terrorists and narcotics traffickers, designated under programs that are not country-specific. Collectively, such individuals and companies are called Specially Designated Nationals, or SDNs. Assets of SDNs are blocked, and we are generally prohibited from dealing with them. In addition, OFAC administers a number of comprehensive sanctions and embargoes that target certain countries, governments and geographic regions. We are generally prohibited from engaging in transactions involving any country, region or government that is subject to such comprehensive sanctions. 
 9 
 
 The Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (the FCPA and the UK 2010 Bribery Act (the UK Bribery Act prohibit the payment of bribes to foreign government officials and political figures. The FCPA prohibits us from making or offering to make any payment, or giving anything of value to a foreign official for the purpose of influencing that official to assist us in obtaining or retaining an improper business advantage. The FCPA has a broad reach, covering all U.S. companies and citizens doing business abroad, among others, and defining a foreign official to include not only those holding public office but also local citizens acting in an official capacity for or on behalf of foreign government-run or -owned organizations or public international organizations. The FCPA also requires maintenance of appropriate books and records and maintenance of adequate internal controls to prevent and detect possible FCPA violations. Similarly, the UK Bribery Act prohibits us from bribing, being bribed or making other prohibited payments to government officials or other persons to obtain or retain business or gain some other business advantage. 
 PJT Partners LP is also affected by various state and local regulations or policies that restrict or prohibit the use of placement agents in connection with investments by public pension funds, including but not limited to, regulations in New York State, New York City, Illinois and California. Similar measures are being considered or have been implemented in other jurisdictions. 
 The United Kingdom U.K. formally left the European Union EU on December 31, 2020. The potential impacts related to the U.K. s exit from the EU, among other things, are the terms of the new economic and security relationship between the U.K. and the EU on the movement of services and capital, customer behavior, economic conditions, availability of capital, regulatory considerations or other matters are unclear and likely to change over time. The overall impact of the U.K. s exit from the EU on any one or more factors, or more generally, could adversely affect our businesses, our results of operations and financial condition, including our revenues from investment banking activities, particularly in Europe. 
 Organizational Structure 
 PJT Partners Inc. is a holding company and its only material asset is its controlling equity interest in PJT Partners Holdings LP, and certain cash and cash equivalents it may hold from time to time as described herein in Part II. Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities Dividend Policy. As the sole general partner of PJT Partners Holdings LP, PJT Partners Inc. operates and controls all of the business and affairs and consolidates the financial results of PJT Partners Holdings LP and its operating subsidiaries. The ownership interests of the holders (other than PJT Partners Inc.) of common units of partnership interest in PJT Partners Holdings LP Partnership Units are reflected as non-controlling interests in PJT Partners Inc. s consolidated financial statements as of December 31, 2022. 
 Partnership Unit holders are granted an accompanying share of Class B common stock. This share of Class B common stock entitles the holder to a number of votes commensurate with such holder s vested and unvested Partnership Units and does not provide any voting power in excess of the holder s economic interest in the Company. Rather, it merely provides a vehicle for a Partnership Unit holder to vote such holder s economic interest in the Company and does not give disproportionate or super-voting rights to holders of Partnership Units and Class B common stock. 
 In an effort to preserve the tax-free nature of our spin-off, our Certificate of Incorporation provided that holders of Class B common stock were limited to only one vote per share of Class B common stock solely with respect to the election or removal of directors. With the passage of time since the spin-off, this restriction on the voting rights of holders of Class B common stock is no longer operative. Pursuant to our Certificate of Incorporation, upon the request of a holder of Class B common stock and approval by the Board, such holder s Class B common stock would be equalized to provide the same number of votes for the election and removal of directors as it does for all other matters. Accordingly, as of December 31, 2022, the holders of 10,339,443 vested and unvested Partnership Units have requested, and the Board has approved, that the shares of Class B common stock held by them provide them with the same number of votes for the election and removal of directors as they do for all other matters. 
 Holders of shares of our Class B common stock vote together with holders of our publicly traded Class A common stock as a single class on all matters on which such shareholders are entitled to vote generally, except as otherwise required by law. 
 We and the holders of Partnership Units (other than PJT Partners Inc.) have entered into an exchange agreement under which they (or certain permitted transferees) have the right, subject to the terms and conditions set 
 10 
 
 forth in the partnership agreement of PJT Partners Holdings LP, on a quarterly basis, to exchange all or part of their Partnership Units for cash or, at our el ection, for shares of our Class A common stock on a one-for-one basis, subject to customary conversion rate adjustments for splits, unit distributions and reclassifications. Further, pursuant to the terms in the partnership agreement of PJT Partners Holdings LP, we may also require holders of Partnership Units who are not Service Providers (as defined in the partnership agreement of PJT Partners Holdings LP) to exchange such Partnership Units. The price per Partnership Unit to be received in a cash-settled exchange will be equal to the fai r value of a share of our Class A common stock (determined in accordance with and subject to adjustment under the exchange agreement). In the event that PJT Partners Inc. elects to fund cash-settled e xchanges of Partnership Un its with new issuances of Class A common stock, the fai r value of a share of our Class A common stock will be deemed to be equal to the net proceeds per share of Class A common stock received by PJT Partners Inc. in the related issuance. Accordingly, in this event, the price per Partnership Unit to which an exchanging holder of Partnership Units will be entitled may be greater than or less than the then-cu rrent market value of our Class A common stock. 
 The Company has entered into a tax receivable agreement with the holders of Partnership Units (other than PJT Partners Inc.) that provides for the payment by PJT Partners Inc. to exchanging holders of Partnership Units of 85 of the benefits, if any, that PJT Partners Inc. is deemed to realize as a result of the increases in tax basis related to such exchanges of Partnership Units and of certain other tax benefits related to entering into the tax receivable agreement, including tax benefits attributable to payments under the tax receivable agreement. 
 Refer to Note 13. Transactions with Related Parties and Note 14. Commitments and Contingencies Transactions and Agreements with Blackstone, Employee Matters Agreement in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in Part II. Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data for further information about the agreements entered into in connection with the spin-off. 
 Available Information 
 We file annual, quarterly and current reports and other information with the SEC. These filings are available to the public over the internet at the SEC s website at www.sec.gov. 
 Our website address is www.pjtpartners.com. We make available free of charge on or through www.pjtpartners.com our annual reports on Form 10 K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8 K, and amendments to those reports, as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such material with, or furnish it to, the SEC. Hard copies may be obtained free of charge by contacting Investor Relations at PJT Partners Inc., 280 Park Avenue, New York, New York 10017 or by calling (212) 364-7810. Although we refer to our website in this report, the contents of our website are not included or incorporated by reference into this report. All references to our website in this report are intended to be inactive textual references only. 

11 

ITEM 1A. 
 
 RISK FACTORS 

 Risks Relating to Our Business 
 Changing market conditions can adversely affect our business in many ways, including by reducing the volume of the transactions involving our business, which could materially reduce our revenue. 
 As a participant in the financial services industry, we are materially affected by conditions in the global financial markets and economic conditions throughout the world, including many factors beyond our control, such as tariffs, sanctions, and global trade uncertainties. For example, a substantial portion of our revenue is directly related to the number and value of the transactions in which we are involved. During periods of unfavorable market or economic conditions, the number and value of M&A transactions may decrease, thereby reducing the demand for our M&A advisory services and increasing price competition among financial services companies seeking such engagements. In addition, during periods of strong market and economic conditions, the number and value of restructuring and reorganization transactions may decrease, thereby reducing the demand for our restructuring and special situations services and increasing price competition among financial services companies seeking such engagements. Our results of operations would be adversely affected by any such reduction in the number or value of such advisory transactions. Further, in the period following an economic downturn, the number and value of M&A transactions typically takes time to recover and lags a recovery in market and economic conditions. 
 Our profitability may also be adversely affected by our fixed costs and the possibility that we would be unable to scale back other costs within a time frame sufficient to match any decreases in revenue relating to changes in market and economic conditions. The future market and economic climate may deteriorate because of many factors beyond our control, including rising interest rates or inflation, international conflict, terrorism, natural disasters, a pandemic or political uncertainty. For example, the U.S. Federal Reserve has raised the federal funds rate eight times since the beginning of 2022 in response to rising inflation. While the future timing and impact of rising interest rates are unknown, a continued increase in market interest rates could have an adverse effect on our transaction volumes, results of operations and financial condition. Credit and financial markets have experienced volatility and disruptions due to the current conflict between Russia and Ukraine and the sanctions that the U.S. and other countries have imposed on Russia in response to Russia s actions in Ukraine. The conflict and the sanctions that have been or may be imposed may have further global economic and other consequences, including diminished liquidity and credit availability, reduced consumer confidence, disruptions to energy and food supplies, decreased economic growth, higher unemployment rates, increased inflation, and political and social upheaval. Expansion of the military conflict beyond Ukraine or other retaliatory action, such as cyberattacks, by Russia and its allies in response to sanctions and other measures that the U.S. and its allies have taken or may take in support of Ukraine could broaden and intensify the negative impact of the conflict on financial markets, economic conditions and geopolitical stability. The impact of the conflict is ongoing, and is currently unknown, and could intensify other risks described herein, including cybersecurity-related risks, and otherwise have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Our private fund advisory and fundraising business is dependent on the availability of private capital for deployment in illiquid asset classes such as private equity, real estate, hedge funds and private credit for clients we serve. 
 PJT Park Hill provides private fund advisory and fundraising services for alternative investment strategies, including private equity, real estate, hedge funds and private credit. Our ability to find suitable engagements and earn fees in this business depends on the availability of private and public capital for investments in illiquid assets such as private equity, real estate, hedge funds and private credit. Our ability to assist fund managers and sponsors raise capital from investors depends on a number of factors, including many that are outside our control, such as the general economic environment, changes in the weight investors give to alternative asset investments as part of their overall investment portfolio among asset classes which may be impacted by the market liquidity and volatility. Additionally, certain investors, such as public pension plans, may have policies prohibiting the use of placement agents by fund sponsors or managers in connection with a limited partner s investment. To the extent private and public capital focused on illiquid investment opportunities for our clients is limited, our results may be adversely affected. 
 12 
 
 Our revenue in any given period is dependent in part on the number of fee-paying clients in such period, and a significant reduction in the number of fee-paying clients in any given period could reduce our revenue and adversely affect our operating results in such period. 
 A substantial portion of our revenue in any given period is dependent in part on the number of fee-paying clients in such period. We had 187 clients and 159 clients that generated fees equal to or greater than 1 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. We may lose clients as a result of the sale or merger of a client, a change in a client s senior management, competition from other financial advisors and financial institutions and other causes. A significant reduction in the number of fee-paying clients in any given period could reduce our revenue and adversely affect our operating results in such period. 
 The composition of the group comprising our largest clients may vary significantly from year to year, and a relatively small number of clients may account for a significant portion of our consolidated revenues in any given period. As a result, our operating results, financial condition and liquidity may be significantly affected by the loss of a relatively small number of mandates or the failure of a relatively small number of assignments to be completed. However, no client accounted for more than 10 of our total revenues for the years ended December 31, 2022 or 2021. 
 If the number of debt defaults, bankruptcies or other factors affecting demand for our restructuring and special situations services declines, our restructuring and special situations business could suffer. 
 We provide various financial restructuring and reorganization and related advice to companies in financial distress or to their creditors or other stakeholders. A number of factors affect demand for these advisory services, including general economic conditions, the availability and cost of debt and equity financing, governmental policy and changes to laws, rules and regulations, including those that protect creditors. In addition, providing restructuring and special situations advisory services entails the risk that the transaction will be unsuccessful, takes considerable time and can be subject to a bankruptcy court s discretionary power to disallow or reduce our fees previously agreed upon by our client. If the number of debt defaults, bankruptcies or other factors affecting demand for our restructuring and special situations advisory services declines, our restructuring and special situations business would be adversely affected. 
 Third party offerings for which we act as an underwriter have certain inherent risks. 
 We may be exposed to liabilities arising out of our underwriting activities, including as a result of material misstatements or omissions in prospectuses and other offering documents. In such cases, any indemnification provisions in the applicable underwriting agreement may not be enforceable or available to us, for example, if the client is not financially able to satisfy its indemnification obligations in whole or part or the scope of the indemnity is not sufficient to protect us against financial or reputational losses arising from such liability. In addition, the associated litigation process can place operational strain on our business. We may also incur losses and be subject to reputational harm to the extent that, for any reason, an offering where we act as an underwriter does not perform or close as expected. 
 Our revenues and profits are highly volatile on a quarterly basis and may cause the price of our Class A common stock to fluctuate and decline. 
 Our revenues and profits are highly volatile. We earn fees, generally from a limited number of engagements that generate significant fees at key transaction milestones, such as closing, the timing of which is outside of our control. We expect that we will continue to rely on advisory fees for a substantial portion of our revenue for the foreseeable future. Accordingly, a decline in our advisory engagements or the market for advisory services would adversely affect our business. In addition, our financial results will likely fluctuate from quarter to quarter based on the timing of when fees are recognized, and high levels of revenue in one quarter will not necessarily be predictive of continued high levels of revenue in future periods. Because advisory revenue is volatile and represents a significant portion of our total revenue, we may experience greater variations in our revenues and profits than other larger, more diversified competitors in the financial services industry. Fluctuations in our quarterly financial results could, in turn, lead to large adverse movements in the price of our Class A common stock or increased volatility in our stock price generally. In addition, our operating results could be below the expectations of public market analysts and investors, and in response, the market price of our Class A common stock could decrease significantly. 
 Because in many cases we do not recognize revenue until the successful consummation of the underlying transaction, our revenue and cash flow are highly dependent on market conditions and the decisions and actions of 
 13 
 
 our clients, interested third parties and governmental authorities. Our client transactions are taking longer to close due to added regulatory scrutiny, such as from antitrust regulators. For example, we may be engaged by a client, but the transaction may not occur or be consummated because, among other things, anticipated bidders may not materialize, no bidder is prepared to pay our client s price, our client s business experiences unexpected operating or financial problems, because our client may not be the winning bidder, failure to agree upon final terms with the counterparty, failure to obtain necessary regulatory consents or board or stockholder approvals, failure to secure necessary financing, adverse market conditions , or because the target s business experiences unexpected operating or financial problems. In these circumstances, we often do not recognize advisory revenues that are commensurate with the resources devoted to these client situations . 
 In addition, with respect to our private fund advisory and fundraising business, we face the risk that we may not be able to collect all or a portion of the fees that we recognize. The placement fees earned by us are generally recognized by us for accounting purposes upon the successful subscription by an investor in a client s fund and/or the closing of that fund. However, those fees are generally paid by a client over a period of time with interest (for example, three to four years) following such successful subscription by an investor in a client s fund and/or the closing of that fund. There is a risk that during that period of time, we may not be able to collect all or a portion of the fees we are due for the services it has already provided to such client. For instance, a client s fund may be liquidated prior to the time that all or a portion of the fees are due to be paid to us. Moreover, to the extent fewer assets are raised for funds or interest by investors in alternative asset funds declines, the placement fees recognized by us would be adversely affected. 
 In addition, we face the risk that certain clients may not have the financial resources to pay our agreed-upon fees. Certain clients may also be unwilling to pay our fees in whole or in part, in which case we may have to incur significant costs to bring legal action to enforce our engagement agreements to obtain such fees. 
 Our failure to deal appropriately with actual, potential or perceived conflicts of interest could damage our reputation and materially adversely affect our business. 
 We confront actual, potential or perceived conflicts of interest in our business. We have adopted various policies, controls and procedures to address or limit actual or perceived conflicts of interest. However, these policies, controls and procedures may not timely identify or appropriately manage such conflicts of interest as identifying and managing actual or perceived conflicts of interest is complex and difficult. It is possible that actual, potential or perceived conflicts could give rise to client dissatisfaction, litigation or regulatory enforcement actions. Our reputation could be damaged if we fail, or appear to fail, to deal appropriately with one or more potential or actual conflicts of interest. Regulatory scrutiny of, or litigation in connection with, conflicts of interest could have a material adverse effect on our reputation, which could materially adversely affect our business in a number of ways, including a reluctance of some potential clients and counterparties to do business with us. 
 Policies, controls and procedures that we may be required to implement to address additional regulatory requirements, including as a result of additional foreign jurisdictions in which we operate, or to mitigate actual or potential conflicts of interest, may result in increased costs, including for additional personnel and infrastructure and information technology improvements, as well as limit our activities and reduce the positive synergies that we seek to cultivate across our businesses. 
 We may face damage to our professional reputation or negative publicity if our services are not regarded as satisfactory or for other reasons. 
 As an advisory service company, we depend to a large extent on our relationships with our clients and reputation for integrity and high-caliber advisory services to attract and retain clients. As a result, if a client is not satisfied with our services or we experience negative publicity related to our business and our people, regardless of whether the allegations are valid, it may be more damaging in our business than in other businesses. 
 Our business is subject to various cybersecurity and other operational risks. 
 We face various cybersecurity and other operational risks related to our business on a day-to-day basis. We rely heavily on financial, human capital, accounting, communication and other information technology systems, and the people who operate them. These systems, including the systems of third parties on which we rely, may fail to operate properly or become disabled as a result of tampering or a breach of our network security systems or otherwise, including for reasons beyond our control. 
 14 
 
 Our clients typically provide us with sensitive and confidential information. We are dependent on information technology networks and systems to securely process, transmit and store such information and to communicate among our locations around the world and with our clients and other third parties. We are subject to attempted cyberattacks and security breaches and, while such cyberattacks have not, to date, had a material impact on our operations, a successful breach of our systems, or the systems used by our clients and other third parties, could lead to shutdowns or disruptions of our systems or third-party systems on which we rely and potential unauthorized disclosure of sensitive or confidential information. Breaches of our or third-party network security systems on which we rely could involve attacks that are intended to obtain unauthorized access to our proprietary and client-sensitive information, destroy data or disable, degrade or sabotage our systems, often through the introduction of computer viruses, cyberattacks and other means and could originate from a wide variety of sources, including foreign governments. Although we take various measures to ensure the confidentiality, integrity and availability of our and third-party systems on which we rely, there can be no assurance that these measures will provide adequate protection, especially because the cyberattack techniques used change frequently or are not recognized until launched. As cyber threats continue to multiply, become more sophisticated and threaten additional aspects of our business, we may also be required to expend additional resources on information security and compliance costs in order to continue to modify or enhance our protective measures or to investigate and remediate any information security vulnerabilities or other exposures. If our or third-party systems on which we rely are compromised, do not operate properly or are disabled, we could suffer a disruption of our business, financial losses, liability to clients, regulatory sanctions and damage to our reputation. The increased use of mobile technologies , remote working arrangements and evolving geopolitical uncertainty heighten these and other operational risks. 
 In addition to the implementation of data security measures, we require our employees to maintain the confidentiality of the proprietary and client-sensitive information we hold. If an employee s failure to follow proper data security procedures results in the improper release of confidential information, or our systems are otherwise compromised, do not operate properly or are disabled, we could suffer a disruption of our business, financial losses, liability to clients, regulatory sanctions and damage to our reputation. 
 Phishing attacks and email spoofing attacks are often used to obtain information, facilitate unauthorized access, or impersonate employees and/or clients in order to, among other things, direct fraudulent financial transactions, obtain valuable information or disrupt business operations. Fraudulent transfers resulting from phishing attacks or email spoofing of our employees could result in a material loss of assets, reputational harm or legal liability and in turn materially adversely affect our business. We are also at risk for malware/ransomware infection and/or other attacks that could result in disruption of our business operations and the theft, dissemination and destruction of corporate and client-sensitive information or other assets. 
 We operate a business that is highly dependent on information systems and technology. Any failure to keep accurate books and records can render us liable to disciplinary action by governmental and self-regulatory authorities, as well as to claims by our clients. We rely on third-party service providers for certain aspects of our business. Any interruption or deterioration in the performance of these third parties or failures of their information systems and technology could impair our operations, expose sensitive information, affect our reputation and adversely affect our business. 
 In addition, a business continuity threat, such as a pandemic, other man-made or natural disaster or disruption involving electronic communications or other services used by us or third parties with whom we conduct business, could lead us to experience operational challenges and, if we are unable to timely and successfully recover, materially disrupt our business and cause material financial loss, regulatory actions, reputational harm or legal liability. 
 Climate change, climate change-related regulation and the increased focus on ESG issues may adversely affect our business and financial results and impact our reputation . 
 There has been growing concern from advocacy groups, government agencies and the general public over the effects of climate change on the environment. Transition risks, such as government restrictions, standards or regulations intended to reduce greenhouse gas emissions and potential climate change impacts, are emerging and may increase in the future. Such restrictions and requirements could increase our costs or require additional technology and capital investment, which could adversely affect our results of operations. New regulations or guidance relating to climate change, as well as the perspectives of shareholders, employees and other stakeholders regarding climate change, may affect whether and on what terms and conditions we engage in certain activities . These changing rules, regulations and stakeholder expectations have resulted in, and are likely to continue to result in, increased costs and increased management time and attention to comply with or meet those regulations and 
 15 
 
 expectations. Developing and acting on ESG initiatives and collecting, measuring and reporting ESG related information and metrics can be costly, difficult and time consuming. 
 Additionally, ESG and other sustainability matters and our response to these matters could harm our business, including in areas such as diversity, equity and inclusion, human rights, climate change and environmental stewardship, support for local communities, corporate governance and transparency. Increasing governmental, investor and societal attention to ESG matters, including expanding mandatory and voluntary reporting, diligence, and disclosure on topics such as climate change, human capital, labor and risk oversight, could expand the nature, scope, and complexity of matters that we are required to control, assess and report. These factors may alter the environment in which we do business and may increase the ongoing costs of compliance and adversely impact our results of operations and cash flows. As regulators consider mandating additional disclosure of climate-related information by companies, there may continue to be a lack of information for more robust climate-related risk analyses. Third party exposures to climate-related risks and other data generally are limited in availability and variable in quality. If we are unable to adequately address such ESG matters or we fail or are perceived to fail to comply with all laws, regulations, policies and related interpretations, it could negatively impact our reputation, our business results and ability to remain as an employer of choice. 
 Further, significant physical effects of climate change including extreme weather events such as hurricanes or floods, can also have an adverse impact on our operations or the financial condition of our clients. As the effects of climate change increase, we expect the frequency and impact of weather and climate related events and conditions to increase. Additionally, our reputation and client relationships may be damaged as a result of our involvement, or our clients involvement, in certain industries or projects associated with causing or exacerbating climate change, as well as any decisions we make to continue to conduct or change our activities in response to considerations relating to climate change. 
 We are exposed to risks related to our insurance coverage. 
 Our operations and financial results are subject to risks and uncertainties related to our use of insurance for a variety of risks, including cybersecurity risk. While we endeavor to purchase insurance coverage appropriate for our risk assessment, we are unable to predict with certainty the frequency, nature or magnitude of claims for direct or consequential damages. Our business may be negatively affected if our insurance coverage proves to be inadequate, unavailable or the insurance carriers deny coverage for whatever reason. Insurance claims may divert management resources away from operating our business. 
 We may incur debt or other contractual obligations that we cannot service if we are unable to generate sufficient cash. We may be unable to meet our contractual obligations if our liquidity is adversely affected by a significant deterioration in the credit markets or the failure of one or more commercial banking institutions. 
 Our ability to make scheduled payments on or to refinance any current or future debt obligations or other contractual obligations depends on our financial condition and operating performance. We cannot provide assurance that we will maintain a level of cash flows from operating activities sufficient to permit us to pay the principal of, and interest on, any current or future indebtedness. If our cash flows and capital resources are insufficient to fund any current or future debt obligations or contractual obligations, we may be forced to reduce or delay investments and capital expenditures, or to sell assets, seek additional capital or restructure or refinance such indebtedness or other contractual obligations. Inflation and rising interest rates have the potential to adversely affect our liquidity, business, financial condition and results of operations by increasing our overall cost structure, particularly if we are unable to achieve commensurate increases in the fees we charge our clients or if increased prices may lead to our clients requesting fewer services. The existence of inflation in the economy has resulted in, and may continue to result in, higher interest rates and capital costs, increased costs of labor, weakening exchange rates and other similar effects. Although we may take measures to mitigate the impact of this inflation, if these measures are not effective our business, financial condition, results of operations and liquidity could be materially adversely affected. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments of 223.5 million, of which 50.2 million was invested in Treasury securities. We monitor developments relating to the liquidity of these instruments on a regular basis. In the event of a significant deterioration of the credit markets or the failure of one or more commercial banking institutions, there can be no assurance that we will be able to liquidate these assets or access our cash. Our inability to access our cash or other assets could have a material adverse effect on our liquidity and result in our inability to meet our obligations timely, which could have a material adverse effect on the value of our common stock. 
 16 
 
 Our international operations are subject to certain risks, which may affect our revenue. 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, we earned 10.0 of our total revenues from our international operations. We intend to continue to grow our non-U.S. business, and this growth is important to our overall success. In addition, many of our clients are non-U.S. entities seeking to enter into transactions involving U.S. businesses. Our international operations carry special financial, business, regulatory and reputational risks, which could include the following: greater difficulties in managing and staffing foreign operations language and cultural differences fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates that could adversely affect our results unexpected and costly changes in trading policies, regulatory requirements, tariffs and other barriers sanctions restrictions on travel longer transaction cycles higher operating costs local labor conditions and regulations adverse consequences or restrictions on the repatriation of earnings potentially adverse tax consequences, such as trapped foreign losses economic and geopolitical uncertainty civil disturbances or other catastrophic events that reduce business activity and disasters or other business continuity threats, such as pandemics, other man-made or natural disasters, or disruptions involving electronic communications or other services. 
 If our international business increases relative to our total business, these factors could have a more pronounced effect on our operating results. 
 As part of our day-to-day operations outside of the U.S., we are required to create compensation programs, employment policies, compliance policies and procedures and other administrative programs that comply with the laws of multiple countries. We also must communicate and monitor standards and directives across our global operations. Our failure to successfully manage and grow our geographically diverse operations could impair our ability to react quickly to changing business and market conditions and to enforce compliance with non-U.S. standards and procedures. 
 We may enter into new lines of business, joint ventures, strategic investments or jurisdictions, which may result in additional risks and uncertainties in our business. 
 We currently generate substantially all of our revenue from our strategic advisory, capital markets advisory, restructuring and special situations, shareholder advisory, and private fund advisory and fundraising services businesses. However, we may grow our business by entering into new lines of business, joint ventures, strategic investments or jurisdictions. To the extent we enter into new lines of business, joint ventures, strategic investments or jurisdictions, we will face numerous risks and uncertainties, including risks associated with actual or perceived conflicts of interest because we would no longer be limited to the advisory business, the possibility that we have insufficient expertise to engage in such activities profitably or without incurring inappropriate amounts of risk, the required investment of capital and other resources and the loss of clients due to the perception that we are no longer focusing on our core business. 
 Entry into certain lines of business, joint ventures, strategic investments or jurisdictions may subject us to new laws and regulations with which we are not familiar, or from which we are currently exempt, and may lead to increased litigation and regulatory risk. In addition, certain aspects of our cost structure, such as costs for compensation, occupancy and equipment, communication and information technology services, and depreciation and amortization will be largely fixed, and we may not be able to timely adjust these costs to match fluctuations in revenue related to our entering into new lines of business. If a new business generates insufficient revenues or if we are unable to efficiently manage our expanded operations, our results of operations could be materially adversely affected. 
 Fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates could adversely affect our results. 
 Because our financial statements are denominated in U.S. dollars and a portion of our operations is in other currencies, we are exposed to fluctuations in foreign currencies. In addition, we pay certain of our expenses in such currencies. We have not entered into any transactions to hedge our exposure to these foreign exchange fluctuations through the use of derivative instruments or otherwise. An appreciation or depreciation of any of these currencies relative to the U.S. dollar would result in an adverse or beneficial impact, respectively, to our financial results. 
 Restrictions in the credit agreement governing our revolving credit facility may impair our ability to finance our future operations or capital needs or engage in other business activities that may be in our interests. 
 We have access to a revolving credit facility in an aggregate principal amount of 60 million with the option for a temporary increase of up to 80 million total. 
 17 
 
 The credit agreement governing such revolving credit facility contains a number of significant covenants that, among other things, would require us to maintain certain minimum tangible net worth and liquidity and maximum leverage levels and the covenants may restrict our ability to: sell assets incur more indebtedness repay certain indebtedness make certain investments or business acquisitions make certain capital expenditures engage in business mergers or consolidations and engage in certain transactions with subsidiaries and affiliates. 
 These restrictions could impair our ability to finance our future operations or capital needs or engage in other business activities that may be in our interests. In addition, the credit agreement requires us to maintain compliance with certain financial ratios, including those relating to earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization and consolidated indebtedness. Our ability to comply with these ratios and covenants may be affected by events beyond our control. A breach of the provisions of the credit agreement or our inability to comply with the required financial ratios or covenants included therein could result in a default thereunder. In the event of any such default, the lenders under the credit agreement could elect to: declare all outstanding debt, accrued interest and fees to be due and immediately payable and require us to apply all of our available cash to repay our outstanding debt. 
 Risks Relating to Talent and Competition 
 We depend on the efforts and reputations of Mr. Taubman and other key personnel. 
 We depend on the efforts and reputations of Mr. Taubman and our other senior bankers. Our senior banking team s reputations and relationships with clients and potential clients are critical elements in the success of our business. Mr. Taubman and our other senior executives and bankers are important to our success because they are instrumental in setting our strategic direction, operating our business, identifying, recruiting and training key personnel, maintaining relationships with our clients, executing transactions, and identifying business opportunities. The loss of one or more of these executives or other key individuals could impair our business and development until qualified replacements are found. We may not be able to replace these individuals quickly or with persons of equal experience and capabilities. Although we have employment agreements with certain of these individuals, we cannot prevent them from terminating their employment with us. In addition, our non-competition agreements with such individuals may not be enforced by the courts or be banned by future rule making, such as the Non-Compete Clause rule proposed by the Federal Trade Commission on January 5, 2023. The loss of the services of any of them, in particular Mr. Taubman, could have a material adverse effect on our business, including our ability to attract clients. 
 Our future growth will depend on, among other things, our ability to successfully identify, recruit, motivate and develop talent and will require us to commit additional resources. 
 It typically takes time for our newly-recruited professionals to become effective and profitable. During that time, we may incur significant expenses and expend significant time and resources toward training, integration and business development aimed at developing this new talent. We may face difficulties in or increases in the cost of recruiting and retaining employees of a caliber consistent with our business strategy. If we are unable to recruit and develop profitable professionals, we will not be able to implement our growth strategy and our financial results could be materially adversely affected. 
 The near-term vesting of equity awarded to key personnel may diminish our ability to retain and motivate our professionals. There is no guarantee that our current non-competition and compensation arrangements with our professionals, in which we mandatorily defer a substantial portion of their annual incentive bonus in the form of cash and equity awards with multi-year vesting periods, will provide sufficient protections or incentives to prevent our partners and other key personnel from resigning to join our competitors. The departure of a number of partners or groups of professionals could have a material adverse effect on our business and profitability. 
 Employee or contractor misconduct, which is difficult to detect and deter, could harm us by impairing our ability to attract and retain clients and talent and by subjecting us to legal liability and reputational harm. 
 There is a risk that our employees or contractors engage in misconduct that adversely affects our business. Our business often requires that we deal with confidential matters of great significance to our clients. If our employees or contractors were to improperly use or disclose confidential information provided by our clients, we could be subject to regulatory investigations or sanctions and we could suffer serious harm to our reputation, financial position, trading price of our Class A common stock, current client relationships and ability to attract future clients. In addition, our financial professionals and other employees are responsible for following proper measures to maintain the confidentiality of information we hold. If an employee s failure to do so results in the improper release of 
 18 
 
 confidential information, we could be subject to reputational harm and legal liability, which could impair our ability to attract and retain clients and in turn materially adversely affect our business. 
 U.S. regulators and enforcement agencies, including the U.S. Department of Justice and the SEC, continue to devote significant resources to the enforcement of the FCPA, anti-money laundering laws and anti-corruption laws, and the United Kingdom and other jurisdictions have significantly expanded the reach of their anti-bribery laws. While we have developed and implemented policies and procedures designed to ensure strict compliance by our employees and contractors with anti-bribery, anti-money laundering, anti-corruption and other laws, such policies and procedures may not be effective in all instances to prevent violations. Any determination that we have violated the FCPA or other applicable anti-corruption laws could subject us to, among other things, civil and criminal penalties, material fines, profit disgorgement, injunctions on future conduct, securities litigation and a general loss of investor confidence, any one of which could adversely affect our business prospects, financial position or the market value of our Class A common stock. 
 Despite our implementation of policies, our emphasis on a culture that supports diversity and inclusion, and training to prevent and detect misconduct, we cannot completely safeguard ourselves against the risk of workplace misconduct, such as sexual harassment or discrimination. In addition to impairing our ability to attract and retain clients, such misconduct may also impair our ability to attract and retain talent resulting in a materially adverse effect on our business. It is not always possible to deter such misconduct, and there can be no assurance that the precautions we take to prevent and detect misconduct will be effective in all cases. If our employees or contractors engage in misconduct, our business could be materially adversely affected. 
 We face strong competition from other financial advisory firms, many of which have greater resources and broader product and services offerings than we do. 
 The financial services industry is intensely competitive, highly fragmented and subject to rapid change, and we expect it to remain so. Our competitors are other investment banking and financial advisory firms. We compete on both a global and a regional basis, and on the basis of a number of factors, including the strength and depth of client relationships, industry knowledge, transaction execution skills, our range of products and services, innovation, reputation and price. In addition, a majority of our business is not subject to long-term contracted sources of revenue. Each revenue-generating engagement typically is separately solicited, awarded and negotiated. 
 We have experienced significant competition when obtaining advisory mandates, and we may experience pricing pressures in our business in the future as some of our competitors may seek to obtain increased market share by reducing fees. 
 Our primary competitors are large financial institutions, many of which have far greater financial and other resources and have the ability to offer a wider range of products and services. In addition, we may be at a competitive disadvantage with regard to certain of our competitors who are able to, and often do, provide financing or market making services that are often a crucial component of the types of transactions on which we advise. In addition to our larger competitors, over the last several years the number of independent investment banks that offer independent advisory services has increased. As these independent firms or new entrants into the market seek to gain market share, we could experience pricing and competitive pressures, which would adversely affect our revenues and earnings. 
 In addition, PJT Park Hill operates in a highly competitive environment and the barriers to entry into the private fund advisory and fundraising services business are low. 
 Legal and Regulatory Risks 
 As a member of the financial services industry, we face substantial litigation and regulatory risks. 
 Our role as advisor to our clients on important transactions involves complex analysis and the exercise of professional judgment, including rendering fairness opinions in connection with mergers and other transactions. Our activities may subject us to the risk of significant legal liabilities to our clients and affected third parties, including shareholders of our clients who could bring securities class actions against us. In recent years, the volume of claims and amount of damages claimed in litigation and regulatory proceedings against financial services companies have increased. These risks are difficult to assess or quantify and their existence and magnitude often remain unknown for substantial periods of time. Our engagements typically, but not always, include broad indemnities from our clients and provisions to limit our exposure to legal claims relating to our services, but these 
 19 
 
 provisions may not protect us in all cases, including when a client does not have the financial capacity to pay pursuant to the indemnity. As a result, we may incur significant legal expenses in defending ourselves against or settling litigation or regulatory action. In addition, we may have to spend a significant amount to adequately insure against these potential claims. Substantial legal liability or significant regulatory action against us could have material adverse financial effects or cause significant reputational harm to us, which could seriously harm our business prospects. 
 Extensive and evolving regulation of our business and the business of our clients exposes us to the potential for significant penalties and fines due to compliance failures, increases our costs and may result in limitations on the manner in which our business is conducted. 
 As a participant in the financial services industry, we are subject to extensive regulation in the U.S. and internationally. We face the risk of significant intervention by regulatory authorities, including extended investigation and surveillance activity, adoption of costly or restrictive new regulations and judicial or administrative proceedings that may result in substantial penalties. Among other things, we could be fined or be prohibited from engaging in some of our business activities. In addition, the regulatory environment in which we operate is subject to modification and further regulation. Such changes may increase the expenses we incur without necessarily leading to commensurate increases in revenues. Certain laws and regulations within the U.S. and internationally include extraterritorial application that may lead to overlapping or conflicting legal and regulatory burdens with additional risks and implementation expenses. New laws or regulations applicable to us and our clients also may adversely affect our business, and our ability to function in this environment will depend on our ability to continually monitor and react to these changes. 
 Our ability to conduct business and our operating results, including compliance costs, may be adversely affected as a result of complying with any new or existing requirements imposed by the SEC, FINRA or other U.S. or foreign governmental regulatory authorities or self-regulatory organizations that regulate financial services firms or supervise financial markets, such as the requirement to maintain sufficient net capital in order to provide certain services. We may be adversely affected by changes in the interpretation or enforcement of existing laws and rules by these governmental authorities and self-regulatory organizations. In addition, some of our clients or prospective clients may adopt policies that exceed regulatory requirements and impose additional restrictions affecting their dealings with us. Accordingly, we may incur significant costs to comply with U.S. and international regulation. In addition, new laws or regulations or changes in enforcement of existing laws or regulations applicable to our clients may adversely affect our business. For example, changes in antitrust laws or the enforcement of antitrust laws could affect the level of M&A activity and changes in applicable regulations could restrict the activities of our clients and their need for the types of advisory services that we provide to them. Further, changes to existing tax laws and regulations in the U.S. and in other jurisdictions in which we and our clients operate may reduce the level of M&A activity, including cross-border M&A activity. 
 In addition, several states and municipalities in the U.S., including, but not limited to, California, Illinois, New York State and New York City have adopted pay-to-play and placement agent rules, which, in addition to imposing registration and reporting requirements, limit our ability to charge fees in connection with certain engagements or restrict or prohibit the use of placement agents in connection with investments by public pension funds. These types of measures could materially and adversely impact our PJT Park Hill business. 
 Our failure to comply with applicable laws or regulations could result in adverse publicity and reputational harm as well as fines, suspensions of personnel or other sanctions, including revocation of our registration or any of our subsidiaries as a financial advisor and could impair retention or recruitment of personnel. In addition, any changes in the regulatory framework could impose additional expenses or capital requirements on us, result in limitations on the manner in which our business is conducted, have an adverse impact upon our financial condition and business and require substantial attention by senior management. Moreover, our business is subject to periodic examination by various regulatory authorities, and we cannot predict the outcome of any such examinations. 
 A change in relevant income tax laws, regulations or treaties or an adverse interpretation of these items by tax authorities could result in an audit adjustment or revaluation of our deferred tax assets that may cause our effective tax rate and tax liability to be higher than what is currently presented in the consolidated financial statements . 
 As part of the process of preparing our consolidated financial statements, we are required to estimate income taxes in each of the jurisdictions in which we operate. Significant management judgment is required in determining 
 20 
 
 our provision for income taxes, our deferred tax assets and liabilities and any valuation allowance recorded against our deferred tax assets. This process requires us to estimate our actual current tax liability and to assess temporary differences resulting from differing book versus tax treatment. Our effective tax rate and tax liability is based on the application of current income tax laws, regulations and treaties. These laws, regulations and treaties are complex, and the manner in which they apply to our facts and circumstances is sometimes open to interpretation. Management believes its application of current laws, regulations and treaties to be correct and sustainable upon examination by the tax authorities. However, the tax authorities could challenge our interpretation resulting in additional tax liability or adjustment to our income tax provision that could increase our effective tax rate. In addition, tax laws, regulations or treaties, newly enacted or enacted in the future, may cause us to remeasure our deferred tax assets and have a material change to our effective tax rate. 
 The cost of compliance with international broker-dealer, employment, labor, benefits, privacy and tax laws and regulations may adversely affect our business and hamper our ability to expand internationally. 
 Since we operate our business both in the U.S. and internationally, we are subject to many distinct broker-dealer, employment, labor, benefits, privacy and tax laws in each jurisdiction in which we operate, including regulations affecting our employment practices and our relations with our employees and service providers. If we are required to comply with other new regulations or new interpretations of existing regulations, or if we are unable to comply with these regulations or interpretations, our business could be adversely affected or the cost of compliance may make it difficult to expand into new international markets. Additionally, our competitiveness in international markets may be adversely affected by regulations requiring, among other things, the awarding of contracts to local contractors, the employment of local citizens and/or the purchase of services from local businesses or favoring or requiring local ownership. 
 In May 2018, the EU s General Data Protection Regulations GDPR came into effect, and changed how businesses can collect, use and process the personal data of EU residents. As we engage in significant business in the EU, we are subject to the GDPR s requirements. The GDPR has extraterritorial effect and imposes a mandatory duty on businesses to self-report personal data breaches to authorities, and, under certain circumstances, to affected individuals. The GDPR also grants individuals the right to erasure (commonly referred to as the right to be forgotten), which may put a burden on us to erase records upon request. Compliance with the GDPR s requirements may increase our legal, compliance and operational costs. Non-compliance with the GDPR s requirements can result in significant penalties, which may have a material adverse effect on our business, expose us to legal and regulatory costs and impair our reputation. 
 Following the U.K. s exit from the EU, the U.K. has implemented the GDPR as part of its national law (referred to as the U.K. GDPR ). The EU GDPR s data protection obligations continue to apply in the U.K. in substantially unvaried form under the U.K. GDPR. The U.K. GDPR exists alongside the U.K. Data Protection Act 2018 and its requirements are largely aligned with those under the EU GDPR and as such, may lead to similar compliance operational costs. 
 Other jurisdictions, including at both the U.S. federal and state levels as well as in non-U.S. jurisdictions where we conduct business, have also enacted or are considering data privacy legislation. Increasingly numerous, fast-changing and complex legislation related to data privacy may result in greater compliance costs, heightened regulatory scrutiny and significant penalties, which may have a material adverse effect on our operations, financial condition and prospects. New and changing regulations may increase compliance costs such that they hamper our ability to expand into new territories. 
 Risks Relating to Our Organizational Structure 
 PJT Partners Inc. s only material asset is its interest in PJT Partners Holdings LP and certain cash and cash equivalents it may hold from time to time, and it is accordingly dependent upon distributions from PJT Partners Holdings LP to pay taxes, make payments under the tax receivable agreement or pay dividends. 
 PJT Partners Inc. is a holding company and has no material assets other than its ownership of Partnership Units, and certain cash and cash equivalents it may hold from time to time as described herein in Part II. Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities Dividend Policy. PJT Partners Inc. has no independent means of generating revenue. PJT Partners Holdings LP makes distributions to holders of its Partnership Units in an amount sufficient to cover all applicable taxes at assumed tax rates, payments under the tax receivable agreement and dividends, if any, declared by it. Deterioration in the financial condition, earnings or cash flow of PJT Partners Holdings LP and its subsidiaries for any reason 
 21 
 
 could limit or impair their ability to pay such distributions. Additionally, to the extent that PJT Partners Inc. needs funds, and PJT Partners Holdings LP is restricted from making such distributions under applicable law or regulation or under the terms of our financing arrangements, or is otherwise unable to provide such funds, it could materially adversely affect our liquidity and financial condition. 
 Payments of dividends, if any, will be at the discretion of the Board after taking into account various factors, as described in Part II. Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities Dividend Policy. 
 Although we currently intend to pay a quarterly cash dividend to our stockholders, we have no obligation to do so, and our dividend policy may change at any time. Whether we continue to pay cash dividends and the amount and timing of any such dividends are subject to capital availability and periodic determinations by the Board that cash dividends are in the best interest of our stockholders and are in compliance with all respective laws and agreements of the Company applicable to the declaration and payment of cash dividends. The reduction in or elimination of our dividend payments could have a negative effect on our stock price. 
 A significant portion of the voting power in PJT Partners Inc. is controlled by holders of our Class B common stock, whose interests may differ from those of our public stockholders that hold Class A common stock. 
 The shares of Class B common stock have no economic rights but entitle the holder, without regard to the number of shares of Class B common stock held, to a number of votes that is equal to the aggregate number of vested and unvested Partnership Units and LTIP Units in PJT Partners Holdings LP held by such holder on all matters presented to stockholders of PJT Partners Inc. other than director elections and removals. With respect to the election and removal of directors of PJT Partners Inc., shares of Class B common stock initially entitle holders to only one vote per share. However, the voting power of Class B common stock with respect to the election and removal of directors of PJT Partners Inc. may be increased to up to the number of votes to which a holder is then entitled on all other matters presented to stockholders. 
 At December 31, 2022, our executive officers and directors held and/or controlled (including by way of the proxy granted to Mr. Taubman by certain executive officers of Blackstone in connection with the spin-off) 25.3 of the voting power of PJT Partners Inc. with regard to the election and removal of directors, and 34.0 of the voting power of PJT Partners Inc. with regard to all other matters presented to stockholders of PJT Partners Inc. At December 31, 2022, our Class B common stockholders held 29.7 of the voting power of PJT Partners Inc. with regard to the election and removal of directors, and 39.4 of the voting power of PJT Partners Inc., with regard to all other matters presented to stockholders of PJT Partners Inc. As a result, our Class B common stockholders, including Mr. Taubman, have the ability to exercise influence over the outcome of all matters requiring stockholder approval, including those related to equity compensation plans, certain related party transactions, and certain significant issuances of Class A common stock and other significant transactions, such as those involving a change of control or sale of all or substantially all of our assets. This concentration of ownership could deprive our Class A stockholders of an opportunity to receive a premium for their common stock as part of a sale of our Company and might ultimately affect the market price of our Class A common stock. Moreover, our Class B common stockholders, including Mr. Taubman, have the ability to exercise increased influence over the outcome of director elections and removals as well. 
 Additionally, as of December 31, 2022, our Class B common stockholders own 37.7 of the Partnership Units. Because they hold all or a portion of their economic ownership interest in our business directly in PJT Partners Holdings LP, rather than through PJT Partners Inc., our Class B common stockholders may have conflicting interests with holders of shares of our Class A common stock. For example, if PJT Partners Holdings LP makes distributions to PJT Partners Inc., the limited partners of PJT Partners Holdings LP will also be entitled to receive such distributions pro rata in accordance with the percentages of their respective partnership interests in PJT Partners Holdings LP and their preferences as to the timing and amount of any such distributions may differ from those of our public stockholders. Our Class B common stockholders may also have different tax positions from us that could influence their decisions regarding whether and when to dispose of assets, especially in light of the existence of the tax receivable agreement that we entered into in connection with the spin-off, whether and when to incur new indebtedness, and whether and when PJT Partners Inc. should terminate the tax receivable agreement and accelerate its obligations thereunder. In addition, the structuring of future transactions may take into consideration these Partnership Unit holders tax or other considerations even where no similar benefit would accrue to us. 
 22 
 
 PJT Partners Inc. may be required to make payments under a tax receivable agreement for most of the benefits relating to certain tax depreciation or amortization deductions that we may claim as a result of certain increases in tax basis. 
 Holders of Partnership Units (other than PJT Partners Inc.) have the right, subject to the terms and conditions set forth in the partnership agreement of PJT Partners Holdings LP, on a quarterly basis (subject to the terms of the exchange agreement), to exchange all or part of their Partnership Units for cash or, at our election, for shares of our Class A common stock on a one-for-one basis, subject to customary conversion rate adjustments for splits, unit distributions and reclassifications. Stock-settled exchanges and certain of these cash-settled exchanges are expected to result in increases in the tax basis of the tangible and intangible assets of PJT Partners Holdings LP. These increases in tax basis may increase (for tax purposes) depreciation and amortization deductions and therefore reduce the amount of tax that PJT Partners Inc. would otherwise be required to pay in the future, although the Internal Revenue Service IRS may challenge all or part of that tax basis increase, and a court could sustain such a challenge. 
 We entered into a tax receivable agreement with the holders of Partnership Units (other than PJT Partners Inc.) that provides for the payment by PJT Partners Inc. to exchanging holders of Partnership Units of 85 of the benefits, if any, that PJT Partners Inc. is deemed to realize as a result of these increases in tax basis and of certain other tax benefits related to entering into the tax receivable agreement, including tax benefits attributable to payments under the tax receivable agreement. 
 This payment obligation is an obligation of PJT Partners Inc. and not of PJT Partners Holdings LP. While the actual increase in tax basis, as well as the amount and timing of any payments under the tax receivable agreement, will vary depending upon a number of factors, including the timing of exchanges, the price of shares of our Class A common stock at the time of the exchange, the extent to which such exchanges are taxable and the amount and timing of our income, we expect that as a result of the size of the transfers and increases in the tax basis of the tangible and intangible assets of PJT Partners Holdings LP, the payments that PJT Partners Inc. may make under the tax receivable agreement will be substantial. 
 In certain cases, such as upon a change in control, payments under the tax receivable agreement may be accelerated and/or significantly exceed the actual benefits PJT Partners Inc. realizes in respect of the tax attributes subject to the tax receivable agreement. 
 The tax receivable agreement provides that upon certain changes of control, or if, at any time, PJT Partners Inc. elects an early termination of the tax receivable agreement, PJT Partners Inc. s obligations under the tax receivable agreement (with respect to all Partnership Units whether or not previously exchanged) would be calculated by reference to the value of all future payments that holders of Partnership Units would have been entitled to receive under the tax receivable agreement using certain valuation assumptions, including that PJT Partners Inc. will have sufficient taxable income to fully utilize the deductions arising from the increased tax deductions and tax basis and other benefits related to entering into the tax receivable agreement and, in the case of an early termination election, that any Partnership Units that have not been exchanged are deemed exchanged for the market value of the shares of Class A common stock at the time of termination. In addition, if PJT Partners Inc. elects an early termination of the tax receivable agreement, holders of Partnership Units will generally not reimburse us for any payments previously made under the tax receivable agreement if such tax basis increase is successfully challenged by the IRS. PJT Partners Inc. s ability to achieve benefits from any tax basis increase, and the payments to be made under the tax receivable agreement, will depend upon a number of factors, including the timing and amount of our future income. As a result, even in the absence of a change of control or an election to terminate the tax receivable agreement, payments under the tax receivable agreement could be in excess of PJT Partners Inc. s actual cash tax savings. 
 There may be a material negative effect on our liquidity if the payments under the tax receivable agreement exceed the actual cash tax savings that PJT Partners Inc. realizes in respect of the tax attributes subject to the tax receivable agreement and/or if distributions to PJT Partners Inc. by PJT Partners Holdings LP are not sufficient to permit PJT Partners Inc. to make payments under the tax receivable agreement after it has paid taxes and other expenses. Based on the market value of a share of Class A common stock of 73.69 and the London Interbank Offered Rate LIBOR of 5.48 at December 31, 2022, we estimate that if PJT Partners Inc. exercised its termination on December 31, 2022, the aggregate amount of these termination payments would be 139.9 million. The foregoing number is merely an estimate and the actual payments could differ materially. We may need to incur additional indebtedness to finance payments under the tax receivable agreement to the extent our cash resources are insufficient to meet our obligations under the tax receivable agreement as a result of timing discrepancies or otherwise. 
 23 
 
 Anti-takeover provisions in our organizational documents and Delaware law might discourage or delay acquisition attempts for us that you might consider favorable. 
 Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and by-laws may discourage, delay or prevent a merger or acquisition that a stockholder may consider favorable by permitting the Board to issue one or more series of preferred stock, requiring advance notice for stockholder proposals and nominations and placing limitations on convening stockholder meetings. In addition, we are subject to provisions of the Delaware General Corporation Law that restrict certain business combinations with interested stockholders. These provisions may also discourage acquisition proposals or delay or prevent a change in control, which could harm our stock price . 
 Certain provisions of the limited partnership agreement of PJT Partners Holdings LP may also prevent, delay or make more difficult, a transaction or a change in control that might involve a premium price for holders of our Class A common stock or otherwise be in their best interests. These provisions include, among others: 

rights of limited partners of PJT Partners Holdings LP, subject to certain exceptions and qualifications, to approve certain change of control transactions involving us and 

following the occurrence of a Board Change of Control, rights of limited partners of PJT Partners Holdings LP to consent to certain corporate actions and transactions. 

 See Certain Relationships and Related Person Transactions PJT Partners Holdings LP Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement in our definitive proxy statement filed in connection with our 2022 Annual Meeting of Stockholders (our 2022 Proxy Statement ). 
 Risks Relating to Our Class A Common Stock 
 You may be diluted by the future issuance of additional Class A common stock by PJT Partners Inc. and the future issuance of additional Partnership Units by PJT Partners Holdings LP, in each case in connection with our incentive plans, acquisitions or otherwise. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we have 2,968,937,425 shares of Class A common stock authorized but unissued, including 14,826,162 shares of Class A common stock that may be issued upon exchange of Partnership Units. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation authorizes us to issue these shares of Class A common stock and options, rights, warrants and appreciation rights relating to Class A common stock for the consideration and on the terms and conditions established by the Board in its sole discretion, whether in connection with acquisitions or otherwise. Similarly, the limited partnership agreement of PJT Partners Holdings LP permits PJT Partners Holdings LP to issue an unlimited number of additional partnership interests of PJT Partners Holdings LP with designations, preferences, rights, powers and duties that are different from, and may be senior to, those applicable to the Partnership Units, and which may be exchangeable for shares of our Class A common stock. The Company has authorized 17 million shares of Class A common stock for issuance of new awards under our Amended and Restated 2015 Omnibus Incentive Plan (in addition to the shares that were issuable under the plan in connection with the spin-off), of which 2.4 million were available for issuance as of December 31, 2022. Any Class A common stock that we issue, including under our Amended and Restated 2015 Omnibus Incentive Plan or other equity incentive plans that we may adopt in the future, would dilute your percentage ownership of PJT Partners Inc. 
 The market price of our Class A common stock may decline due to the large number of shares of Class A common stock eligible for future sale and large number of Partnership Units eligible for exchange. 
 The market price of shares of our Class A common stock could decline as a result of sales of a large number of shares of Class A common stock in the market or the perception that such sales could occur. These sales, or the possibility that these sales may occur, also might make it more difficult for us to sell shares of Class A common stock in the future at a time and at a price that we deem appropriate. 
 In addition, we and the holders of Partnership Units (other than PJT Partners Inc.) have entered into an exchange agreement. See Certain Relationships and Related Person Transactions Exchange Agreement in our 2022 Proxy Statement. Depending on our liquidity and capital resources, market conditions, the timing and concentration of exchange requests and other considerations, we may choose to fund exchanges of Partnership Units with available cash, borrowings or new issuances of Class A common stock or to settle exchanges by issuing Class A common stock to the exchanging Partnership Unit holder. The market price of shares of our Class A common stock could decline as a result of issuances or sales of our Class A common stock to fund exchanges of Partnership Units, or sales by exchanging holders of Partnership Units of Class A common stock received in stock-settled exchanges or, in each case, the perception that such issuances or sales could occur. These issuances or sales, 
 24 
 
 or the possibility that they may occur, also might make it more difficult for holders of our Class A common stock to sell such stock in the future at a time and at a price that they deem appropriate. 
 Our decision to repurchase shares of our Class A common stock will reduce our public float, which could cause our share price to decline. 
 On April 25, 2022, the Board authorized a 200 million repurchase program of the Company s Class A common stock, which is in addition to the previous Board authorizations. As of December 31, 2022, the Company s remaining repurchase authorization was 173.7 million. Under the repurchase program, shares of the Company s Class A common stock may be repurchased from time to time in open market transactions, in privately negotiated transactions or otherwise, after taking into account our results of operations, financial position and capital requirements, general business conditions, legal, tax and regulatory constraints or restrictions, any contractual restrictions (including any restrictions contained in the credit agreement) and other factors we deem relevant. 
 The share repurchase plan will reduce our public float, (the number of shares of our Class A common stock that are owned by non-affiliated stockholders and available for trading in the securities markets), which may reduce the volume of trading in our shares and result in reduced liquidity and cause fluctuations in the trading price of our common stock unrelated to our performance. Furthermore, certain institutional holders of shares of our Class A common stock (including index funds) may require a minimum market capitalization of each of their holdings in excess of our market capitalization and therefore be required to dispose of shares of our Class A common stock, which may cause the value of our Class A common stock to decline. There can be no assurance that this reduction in our public float will not result in a lower share price or reduced liquidity in the trading market for shares of our Class A common stock during and upon completion of our share repurchase plan. 
 The market price of our Class A common stock may be volatile, which could cause the value of our Class A common stock to decline. 
 Securities markets worldwide experience significant price and volume fluctuations. This market volatility, as well as general economic, market or political conditions, could reduce the market price of our Class A common stock in spite of our operating performance. In addition, our operating results could be below the expectations of public market analysts and investors, and in response, the market price of our Class A common stock could decrease significantly. 
 25 

ITEM 1B. 
 
 UNRESOLVE D STAFF COMMENTS 

 None. 

ITEM 2. 
 
 PROPERTIES 

 Our principal executive offices are located in leased office space at 280 Park Avenue, New York, New York 10017. We currently lease office space for our employees in Boston, Chicago, Frankfurt, Hong Kong, Houston, London, Los Angeles, Madrid, San Francisco, and Paris. We do not own any real property. We consider these arrangements to be adequate for our present needs. 

ITEM 3. 
 
 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

 From time to time, the Company and its affiliates may be subject to legal proceedings and claims in the ordinary course of business. In addition, government agencies and self-regulatory organizations in countries in which we conduct business undertake periodic examinations and may initiate administrative proceedings regarding the Company s and its affiliates business, including, among other matters, accounting and operational matters, that can result in censure, fine, the issuance of cease-and-desist orders or the suspension or expulsion of a broker-dealer, or its directors, officers or employees. It is our policy to cooperate fully with such governmental requests, examinations and administrative proceedings. In view of the inherent difficulty of determining whether any loss in connection with any such matters is probable and whether the amount of such loss can be reasonably estimated, particularly in cases where claimants seek substantial or indeterminate damages or where investigations and proceedings are in the early stages, we cannot estimate the amount of such loss or range of loss, if any, related to such matters, how or if such matters will be resolved, when they will ultimately be resolved, or what the eventual settlement, fine, penalty or other relief, if any, might be. Subject to the foregoing, we believe, based on current knowledge and after consultation with counsel, that we are not currently party to any material pending proceedings (including the matters described below), individually or in the aggregate, the resolution of which would have a material effect on the Company. 
 In June 2017, an action was filed in New York state court against defendants PJT Partners Inc., Park Hill Group LLC and Andrew W.W. Caspersen, arising out of the fraudulent conduct of Caspersen. PJT Partners Inc. and Park Hill Group LLC moved to dismiss the complaint. On August 13, 2018, the court dismissed all of the claims asserted against PJT Partners Inc. and Park Hill Group LLC, except for the fraud-based apparent authority claim. Plaintiffs and PJT Partners Inc. and Park Hill Group LLC appealed the court s decision. On December 3, 2019, the appellate court dismissed the complaint in its entirety against PJT Partners Inc. and Park Hill Group LLC. On January 2, 2020, Plaintiffs filed a motion with the appellate court seeking reargument or, alternatively, leave to appeal, which motion was denied by the appellate court. On September 15, 2020, the New York Court of Appeals granted Plaintiffs permission to file an appeal, which appeal was filed on December 30, 2020. We believe this matter is without merit and will continue to vigorously oppose Plaintiffs appeal of the dismissal of their action. 
 On June 16, 2009, Plaintiffs Frank Foy and Suzanne Foy, purportedly as qui tam plaintiffs on behalf of the State of New Mexico, filed a case in New Mexico state court against Park Hill Group LLC and one of its officers, as well as The Blackstone Group L.P. (together, Park Hill Defendants ), in addition to dozens of other named and unnamed defendants, alleging violations of New Mexico s Fraud Against Taxpayers Act FATA in an action styled Foy v. Austin Capital Management, Ltd., et al. , Case No. D-101-CV-2009-01189 (N.M. Dist. Ct.). The complaint alleged, among other things, that the New Mexico Educational Retirement Board and the New Mexico State Investment Council made investments that were influenced by kickbacks and other inducements. In the complaint, the Park Hill Defendants were grouped together with other defendants who were all alleged, generically, to have conspired to defraud the State of New Mexico. On November 30, 2015, after several years of motion practice, including an earlier decision by the New Mexico Supreme Court to consolidate this case with another case by the same plaintiffs (in which the Park Hill Defendants were not parties), the New Mexico Attorney General filed a motion on behalf of the State of New Mexico seeking wholesale dismissal of these proceedings. On June 6, 2017, the court granted the motion to dismiss brought on behalf of the State of New Mexico, the effect of which dismissed the action in its entirety, including as against the Park Hill Defendants. On June 9, 2020, Plaintiffs appeal of this decision was denied by the New Mexico Court of Appeals. On October 9, 2020, Plaintiffs petition for a writ of certiorari was denied by the New Mexico Supreme Court. On October 26, 2020, Plaintiffs filed a motion for rehearing with the New Mexico Supreme Court, which was denied on April 15, 2022. Accordingly, Plaintiffs claims have been fully dismissed. 

ITEM 4. 
 
 MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

 None. 
 26 
 
 PART II. 

ITEM 5. 
 
 MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

 Our Class A common stock is traded on the NYSE under the symbol PJT. There is no publicly traded market for our Class B common stock, which is held by the limited partners of PJT Partners Holdings LP. 
 As of February 17, 2023, there were 91 holders of record of our Class A common stock. This does not include the number of holders that hold Class A common stock in street name through banks or broker-dealers. 
 Dividend Policy 
 The Company currently plans to regularly pay quarterly dividends. The declaration and payment of any future dividends will be at the sole discretion of the Board. The Board will take into account general economic, market and industry conditions our financial condition and operating results our available cash and current anticipated cash needs cash settlement of Partnership Unit exchanges previous amounts of dividend payments and share repurchases level of indebtedness capital requirements contractual, legal, tax and regulatory restrictions and implications on the payment of dividends by us to our stockholders and such other considerations as the Board may deem relevant from time to time. 
 PJT Partners Inc. is a holding company and has no material assets other than its controlling equity interest in PJT Partners Holdings LP, and certain cash and cash equivalents it may hold from time to time as described below. In accordance with the partnership agreement of PJT Partners Holdings LP, we intend to cause PJT Partners Holdings LP to make pro rata cash distributions, to the extent of available cash, to the holders of the partnership interests in PJT Partners Holdings LP, including PJT Partners Inc., in amounts equal to 50 of the taxable income allocated to such holders for purposes of funding their tax obligations in respect of the income of PJT Partners Holdings LP that is allocated to them, which we refer to as tax distributions. In certain periods, we expect that PJT Partners Inc. will receive tax distributions in excess of the amount required to cover cash dividends, if any, declared by us, and taxes and payments under the tax receivable agreement payable by PJT Partners Inc. To the extent the amount of accumulated cash at PJT Partners Inc. becomes material in future periods, we anticipate that the Board will consider appropriate actions, which may include increasing our cash dividend or paying special cash dividends to holders of our Class A common stock. Partnership Unit holders will not be precluded from effecting exchanges under our exchange agreement prior to any such actions being taken. Because PJT Partners Inc. must pay taxes and make payments under the tax receivable agreement, amounts ultimately distributed as dividends to holders of our Class A common stock are expected to be less than the amounts distributed by PJT Partners Holdings LP to its limited partners on a per unit basis. 
 Our revolving credit facility includes, and financing arrangements that we may enter into in the future may include, restrictive covenants that limit our ability to pay dividends or repurchase our capital stock. In addition, PJT Partners Holdings LP is generally prohibited under Delaware law from making a distribution to a partner to the extent that, at the time of the distribution, after giving effect to the distribution, liabilities of PJT Partners Holdings LP (with certain exceptions) exceed the fair value of its assets. Subsidiaries of PJT Partners Holdings LP are generally subject to similar legal limitations on their ability to make distributions to PJT Partners Holdings LP. 
 27 
 
 Stock Performance 
 The following performance graph and related information shall not be deemed soliciting material or to be filed with the SEC, nor shall such information be incorporated by reference into any future filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act except to the extent we specifically incorporate it by reference into such filing. Our stock price performance shown in the graph below is not indicative of future stock price performance. 
 The stock performance graph below compares the performance of an investment in our Class A common stock from December 31, 2017 through December 31, 2022, with that of the S&P 500 Index and the S&P Financials Index. The graph assumes 100 was invested in our Class A common stock on December 31, 2017, and in the S&P 500 Index and the S&P Financials Index on December 31, 2017. It also assumes that the dividends were reinvested on the date of payment without payment of commissions. The performance shown in the graph represents past performance and should not be considered an indication of future performance. 

28 

Share Repurchases in the Fourth Quarter of 2022 

Total Number of 

Approximate Dollar 

of Shares 

Value of Shares 

Purchased as 

that May Yet Be 

Total Number 

Part of Publicly 

Purchased Under 

of Shares 

Average Price 

Announced Plans 

the Plans or 

Repurchased 

Paid Per Share 

or Programs (a) 

Programs (a) 

October 1 to October 31 

26,122 

68.39 

26,122 

181.2 million 

November 1 to November 30 

92,500 

77.01 

92,500 

174.1 million 

December 1 to December 31 

5,000 

74.90 

5,000 

173.7 million 

Total 

123,622 

75.11 

123,622 

173.7 million 

(a) 
 
 On April 25, 2022, the Board authorized a 200 million repurchase program of the Company s Class A common stock, which is in addition to the previous Board authorizations. As of December 31, 2022, the Company s remaining repurchase authorization was 173.7 million. Under the repurchase program, shares of the Company s Class A common stock may be repurchased from time to time in open market transactions, in privately negotiated transactions or otherwise. The timing and the actual number of shares repurchased depend on a variety of factors, including legal requirements, price, and economic and market conditions. The repurchase program may be suspended or discontinued at any time and does not have a specified expiration date. 

 Unregistered Sales/Issuances of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 In connection with the issuance during the fourth quarter of 2022 of LTIP Units in PJT Partners Holdings LP to certain personnel and the transfer of Partnership Units in PJT Partners Holdings LP, PJT Partners Inc. issued three corresponding shares of its Class B common stock, par value 0.01 per share, to these limited partners. The issuance of shares of Class B common stock was not registered under the Securities Act of 1933 because such shares were not issued in a transaction involving the offer or sale of securities. 

ITEM 6. 
 
 [RESERVED] 

 29 

ITEM 7. 
 
 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

 The following discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with PJT Partners Inc. s Consolidated Financial Statements and the related notes included in this Annual Report on Form 10 K. 
 Our Business 
 PJT Partners is a premier global advisory-focused investment bank. We offer a unique portfolio of advisory services designed to help our clients achieve their strategic objectives. Our team of senior professionals delivers a range of strategic advisory, capital markets advisory, restructuring and special situations and shareholder advisory services to corporations, financial sponsors, institutional investors and governments around the world. We also provide private fund advisory and fundraising services for alternative investment strategies, including private equity, real estate, hedge funds and private credit. 
 Further information regarding our business is provided in Part I. Item 1. Business of this filing. 
 Business Environment 
 Economic and global financial conditions can materially affect our operational and financial performance. See Part I. Item 1A. Risk Factors of this filing for a discussion of some of the factors that can affect our performance. 
 M&A is a cyclical business that is impacted by macroeconomic conditions. There are several factors weighing on global M&A activity in the intermediate-term, including monetary policy, a downturn in equity markets, greater economic and geopolitical uncertainty and slowing global growth. Worldwide M&A announced volumes during 2022 were down 37 compared with 2021 1 as these factors adversely impacted the strength of strategic activity. While the pace of activity has changed, we expect corporate boards and management teams to continue to use M&A as a strategic tool. 
 A combination of sharply higher financing costs, dislocated capital markets and more challenging operating fundamentals led to increased global restructuring activity during 2022. Adverse macroeconomic conditions, particularly in the debt and equity markets drove an increase of in-court restructurings, particularly in the second half of the year. In addition, out-of-court liability management transactions, primarily driven by financial sponsor activity remained active. Restructuring opportunities remain across most sectors and geographies including healthcare, consumer-driven businesses and industrials driven by a mix of liability management, capital raise transactions and more traditional in-court Chapter 11 activities. 
 Given the global macroeconomic environment and supply of alternative investment opportunities in the market seeking capital, limited partners have become more discerning in their deployment of capital for both existing and new fund manager relationships. Investors continue to focus on existing relationships and, as a result, the bar for fund managers to attract new investors remains high as a flight to quality persists. As it relates to secondary activity, market volatility has increased resulting from rising inflation, supply chain disruption and geopolitical events. As a result, market sentiment has shifted away from highly concentrated portfolio structures in favor of diversification. 
 Key Financial Measures 
 Revenues 
 Substantially all of our revenues are derived from contracts with clients to provide advisory and placement services. This revenue is primarily a function of the number of active engagements we have, the size of each of those engagements and the fees we charge for our services. 
 We provide a range of strategic advisory, capital markets advisory, restructuring and special situations and shareholder advisory services to corporations, financial sponsors, institutional investors and governments around the world. In conjunction with providing restructuring advice, we may also assist with raising various forms of financing, including debt and equity. Our secondary advisory services include providing GP solutions and investing solutions to clients seeking portfolio liquidity, unfunded commitment relief and investments in secondary markets. Our fund placement services primarily serve alternative investment strategies, including private equity, real estate, 

1 
 
 Source: Refinitiv Global Mergers & Acquisitions Review for Full Year of 2022 as of December 31, 2022. 

 30 
 
 hedge funds and private credit . We advise on all aspects of the fundraising process including competitive positioning and market assessment, marketing materials and related documentation including partnership terms and conditions most prevalent in the current environment. We also provide public and private placement fundraising services to our corporate clients and recognize placement and underwriting fees based on the successful completion of the transaction. 
 The amount and timing of the fees paid vary by the type of engagement and are typically based on retainers, completion of a transaction or a capital raise. Fees earned for services provided to alternative asset managers are typically recognized upon acceptance by a fund of capital or capital commitments (referred to as a closing ), in accordance with terms set forth in individual agreements. For commitment based fees, revenue is recognized over time as commitments are accepted. Fees for such closed-end fund arrangements are generally paid in installments over three or four years and interest is charged to the outstanding balance at an agreed upon rate, such as the Secured Overnight Financing Rate or an alternate reference rate, plus a market-based margin. For funds with multiple closings, the constraint on variable consideration is lifted upon each closing. For open-end fund structures, placement fees are typically calculated as a percentage of a placed investor s month-end net asset value. Typically, we earn fees for such open-end fund structures over a 48 month period. For these arrangements, revenue is recognized over time as the constraint over variable consideration is lifted. We may receive non-refundable up-front fees in our contracts with customers, which are recorded as revenues in the period over which services are estimated to be provided. 
 A transaction can fail to be completed for many reasons, including global and/or regional economic conditions, failure of parties to agree upon final terms, to secure necessary board or shareholder approvals, to secure necessary financing or to achieve necessary regulatory approvals. In the case of bankruptcy engagements, fees are subject to approval of the court. 
 Interest Income and Other Interest Income and Other represents interest typically earned on Cash and Cash Equivalents, investments in Treasury securities and outstanding placement fees receivable miscellaneous income foreign exchange gains and losses arising from transactions denominated in currencies other than U.S. dollars sublease income and the amount of expense reimbursement invoiced to clients related to out-of-pocket expenses. Interest on placement fees receivable is earned from the time revenue is recognized and is calculated as mutually agreed upon with the receivable counterparty. Interest receivable is included in Accounts Receivable, Net in the Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition. 
 Expenses 
 Compensation and Benefits Compensation and Benefits expense includes salaries, cash bonuses and restricted cash awards, benefits, employer taxes and equity-based compensation associated with the grants of equity-based awards to partners and employees. Changes in this expense are driven by fluctuations in the number of employees, composition of our workforce, business performance, compensation adjustments in relation to market movements, changes in rates for employer taxes and other cost increases affecting benefit plans. The expense associated with our bonus and equity plans can also have a significant impact on this expense category and may vary from year to year. 
 We maintain compensation programs, including salaries, annual incentive compensation (that may include components of cash, restricted cash and/or equity-based awards) and benefits programs. We manage compensation to estimates of competitive levels based on market conditions and performance. Our level of compensation reflects our plan to maintain competitive compensation levels to retain key personnel and it reflects the impact of newly-hired senior professionals, including related grants of equity awards that are generally valued at their grant date fair value. 
 Increasing the number of high-caliber, experienced senior level employees is critical to our growth efforts. In our advisory businesses, these hires generally do not begin to generate significant revenue in the year they are hired. 
 Our remaining expenses are the other costs typical to operating our business, which generally consist of: 

Occupancy and Related consisting primarily of costs related to leased property, including rent, maintenance, real estate taxes, utilities and other related costs. Our company headquarters are located in New York, New York, and we maintain additional offices in the U.S. and throughout the world 

Travel and Related consisting of costs for our partners and employees to render services where our clients are located 

 31 

Professional Fees consisting primarily of consulting, audit and tax, senior advisors, recruiting , legal and other professional services 

Communications and Information Services consisting primarily of costs for our technology infrastructure and telecommunications costs 

Depreciation and Amortization consisting of depreciation and amortization on our furniture, equipment, leasehold improvements and intangible assets and 

Other Expenses consisting primarily of provision for credit losses, regulatory fees, insurance, fees paid for access to external market data, advertising, events, charitable contributions, and other general operating expenses. 

 Income Taxes PJT Partners Inc. is a corporation subject to U.S. federal, state and local income taxes in jurisdictions where it does business. Our businesses generally operate as partnerships for U.S. federal and state purposes and as corporate entities in non-U.S. jurisdictions. In the U.S. federal and state jurisdictions, taxes related to income earned by these entities generally represent obligations of the individual members and partners . 
 The operating entities have generally been subject to New York City Unincorporated Business Tax and to entity-level income taxes imposed by state and local as well as non-U.S. jurisdictions, as applicable. These taxes have been reflected in our consolidated financial statements. 
 PJT Partners Inc. is subject to U.S. corporate federal, state and local income tax on its allocable share of results of operations from the operating partnership (PJT Partners Holdings LP). 
 Non-Controlling Interests 
 PJT Partners Inc. is a holding company and its only material asset is its controlling equity interest in PJT Partners Holdings LP, and certain cash and cash equivalents it may hold from time to time. As the sole general partner of PJT Partners Holdings LP, PJT Partners Inc. operates and controls all of the business and affairs and consolidates the financial results of PJT Partners Holdings LP and its operating subsidiaries. 
 The portion of net income attributable to the non-controlling interests is presented separately in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 32 
 
 Consolidated Results of Operations 
 The following table sets forth our consolidated results of operations for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020: 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 vs. 2021 

2021 vs. 2020 

2022 

2021 

2020 

(Dollars in Thousands) 

Revenues 

Advisory Fees 

823,496 

762,723 

872,286 

60,773 

8 

(109,563 

(13 

Placement Fees 

192,890 

216,692 

162,237 

(23,802 

(11 

54,455 

34 

Interest Income and 
 Other 

9,119 

12,530 

17,777 

(3,411 

(27 

(5,247 

(30 

Total Revenues 

1,025,505 

991,945 

1,052,300 

33,560 

3 

(60,355 

(6 

Expenses 

Compensation and 
 Benefits 

669,141 

640,040 

683,393 

29,101 

5 

(43,353 

(6 

Occupancy and Related 

35,253 

34,686 

34,282 

567 

2 

404 

1 

Travel and Related 

25,197 

9,073 

7,345 

16,124 

178 

1,728 

24 

Professional Fees 

27,200 

27,209 

23,014 

(9 

(0 

4,195 

18 

Communications and 
 Information Services 

16,897 

18,060 

14,669 

(1,163 

(6 

3,391 

23 

Depreciation and 
 Amortization 

15,475 

15,750 

15,055 

(275 

(2 

695 

5 

Other Expenses 

34,871 

27,678 

26,581 

7,193 

26 

1,097 

4 

Total Expenses 

824,034 

772,496 

804,339 

51,538 

7 

(31,843 

(4 

Income Before 
 Provision for Taxes 

201,471 

219,449 

247,961 

(17,978 

(8 

(28,512 

(11 

Provision for Taxes 

36,699 

29,494 

35,535 

7,205 

24 

(6,041 

(17 

Net Income 

164,772 

189,955 

212,426 

(25,183 

(13 

(22,471 

(11 

Net Income 
 Attributable to 
 Non-Controlling 
 Interests 

74,238 

83,787 

94,877 

(9,549 

(11 

(11,090 

(12 

Net Income 
 Attributable to 
 PJT Partners Inc. 

90,534 

106,168 

117,549 

(15,634 

(15 

(11,381 

(10 

Revenues 
 The following table provides revenue statistics for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020: 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Total Number of Clients 

405 

399 

374 

Total Number of Fees of at Least 1 Million from 
 Client Transactions 

187 

159 

173 

There were no clients representing greater than 10 of revenues for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 Total Revenues were 1,025.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared with 991.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, a 3 increase. Advisory Fees were 823.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, an increase of 60.8 million compared with 762.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase in Advisory Fees was principally due to an increase in restructuring revenues. Placement Fees were 192.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, a decrease of 23.8 million compared with 216.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease in Placement Fees was due to a decrease in corporate placement revenues. 
 33 

Expenses 
 Expenses were 824.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, an increase of 51.5 million compared with 772.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase in expenses was principally attributable to increases in Compensation and Benefits and Travel and Related of 29.1 million and 16.1 million, respectively. The increase in Compensation and Benefits reflects a higher compensation accrual rate in 2022 compared with 2021. Travel and Related increased during the current year due to increased levels of business travel. 
 Provision for Taxes 
 The Company s Provision for Taxes for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 36.7 million compared with 29.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. This resulted in an effective tax rate of 18.2 and 13.4 , respectively, based on our Income Before Provision for Taxes of 201.5 million and 219.4 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The increase in effective tax rate for the year ended December 31, 2022 from the year ended December 31, 2021 was primarily driven by an increase in permanent differences related to equity-based compensation and entity level tax in state and local jurisdictions. 
 Non-Controlling Interests 
 Net Income Attributable to Non-Controlling Interests is calculated by multiplying the Income Before Provision for Taxes by the percentage allocation of the income between the holders of Partnership Units and holders of Class A common stock of PJT Partners Inc. after considering any contractual arrangements that govern the allocation of income. 
 We have omitted the discussion of the earliest of the three years covered in the 2022 Annual Report on Form 10-K. Such discussion is included in Part II. Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in the 2021 Annual Report on Form 10-K, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 25, 2022, and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 General 
 We regularly monitor our liquidity position, including cash and cash equivalents, investments, working capital assets and liabilities, any commitments and other liquidity requirements. 
 Our assets have been historically comprised of cash and cash equivalents, investments, receivables arising from advisory and placement engagements and operating lease right-of-use assets. Our liabilities generally include accrued compensation and benefits, accounts payable and accrued expenses, taxes payable and operating lease liabilities. We expect to pay a significant amount of incentive compensation toward the end of each year and during the beginning of the next calendar year with respect to the prior year s results. A portion of annual compensation may be awarded with equity-based compensation and thus requires less cash. We expect levels of cash to decline at the end of the year and during the first quarter of each year after incentive compensation is paid to our employees. We then expect cash to build throughout the remainder of the year. 
 On February 1, 2021, PJT Partners Holdings LP, as borrower (the Borrower ), entered into a Renewal and Modification Agreement (the Renewal Agreement and related documents with First Republic Bank, as lender (the Lender ), amending the terms of the Borrower s revolving credit facility with the Lender under the Amended and Restated Loan Agreement dated October 1, 2018 (the Amended and Restated Loan Agreement ). On April 25, 2022, the Renewal Agreement was further amended to extend the maturity date to October 1, 2023. Further information regarding the Renewal Agreement and Amended and Restated Loan Agreement can be found in Note 14. Commitments and Contingencies Commitments, Line of Credit in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of this filing. 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we were in compliance with the debt covenants under the Renewal Agreement and Amended and Restated Loan Agreement, respectively. Additionally, as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were no borrowings outstanding under the revolving credit facility. 
 34 
 
 We evaluate our cash needs on a regular basis in light of current market conditions. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021 , we had cash, cash equi valents and short-term investments of 223.5 million and 200.5 million , respectively . 
 Our liquidity is highly dependent upon cash receipts from clients, which are generally dependent upon the successful completion of transactions as well as the timing of receivable collections. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, total accounts receivable, net of allowance for credit losses, were 317.8 million and 289.3 million, respectively. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the allowance for credit losses was 1.9 million. Included in Accounts Receivable, Net are long-term receivables of 133.3 million and 104.6 million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, related to placement fees that are generally paid in installments over a period of three to four years. 
 Sources and Uses of Liquidity 
 Our primary cash needs are for working capital, paying operating expenses, including cash compensation to our employees, exchanging of Partnership Units for cash, repurchasing shares of the Company s Class A common stock, paying income taxes, making distributions to our shareholders in accordance with our dividend policy, partnership tax distributions, capital expenditures, making payments pursuant to the tax receivable agreement, commitments and strategic investments. We expect to fund these liquidity requirements through cash flows from operations and borrowings under our revolving credit facility. Our ability to fund these needs through cash flows from operations will depend, in part, on our ability to generate or raise cash in the future. This depends on our future financial results, which are subject to general economic, financial, competitive, legislative and regulatory factors. 
 Additionally, our ability to generate positive cash flow from operations will be impacted by global economic conditions. If our cash flows from operations are significantly reduced, we may need to incur debt, issue additional equity or borrow from our revolving credit facility. Although we believe that the arrangement we have in place, and our ability to renew that arrangement, will permit us to finance our operations on acceptable terms and conditions for the foreseeable future, our access to, and the availability of, financing on acceptable terms and conditions in the future will be impacted by many factors, including: (a) business performance, (b) our credit ratings or absence of a credit rating, (c) the liquidity of the overall capital markets, and (d) the current state of the economy. We cannot provide any assurance that such financing will be available to us on acceptable terms or that such financing will be available at all. We believe that our future cash from operations and availability under our revolving credit facility, together with our access to funds on hand, will provide adequate resources to fund our short-term and long-term liquidity and capital needs. 
 Regulatory Capital 
 We actively monitor our regulatory capital base. We are subject to regulatory requirements in the U.S. and certain international jurisdictions to ensure general financial soundness and liquidity. This requires, among other things, that we comply with certain minimum capital requirements, recordkeeping, reporting procedures, experience and training requirements for employees and certain other requirements and procedures. These regulatory requirements may restrict the flow of funds to and from affiliates. See Note 15. Regulated Entities in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of this filing for further information. The licenses under which we operate are meant to be appropriate to conduct our business. We believe that we provide each of these entities with sufficient capital and liquidity, consistent with their business and regulatory requirements. 
 Our activities may also be subject to regulation, including regulatory capital requirements, by various other foreign jurisdictions and self-regulatory organizations. 
 We do not anticipate that compliance with any and all such requirements will materially adversely impact the availability of funds for domestic and parent-level purposes. 
 Exchange Agreement 
 Subject to the terms and conditions of the exchange agreement between us and certain of the holders of Partnership Units (other than PJT Partners Inc.), Partnership Units are exchangeable at the option of the holder for cash or, at our election, for shares of our Class A common stock on a one-for-one basis. Depending on our liquidity and capital resources, market conditions, the timing and concentration of exchange requests and other considerations, we may choose to fund exchanges of Partnership Units with available cash, borrowings or new issuances of Class A common stock or to settle exchanges by issuing Class A common stock to the exchanging holder of Partnership Units. 
 35 
 
 See Note 1 3. Transactions with Related Parties Exchange Agreement in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of this filing for further information . 
 Share Repurchase Program 
 On April 25, 2022, the Board authorized a 200 million repurchase program of the Company s Class A common stock, which is in addition to the previous Board authorizations. As of December 31, 2022, the Company s remaining repurchase authorization was 173.7 million. Under the repurchase program, shares of the Company s Class A common stock may be repurchased from time to time in open market transactions, in privately negotiated transactions or otherwise. The timing and the actual number of shares repurchased depend on a variety of factors, including legal requirements, price, and economic and market conditions. The repurchase program may be suspended or discontinued at any time and does not have a specified expiration date. 
 See Note 11. Stockholders Equity Treasury Stock in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of this filing for further information. 
 Commitments and Contingencies 
 Litigation 
 With respect to our litigation matters, including any litigation discussed under the caption Legal Proceedings elsewhere in this report, we are not currently able to estimate the possible loss or range of loss until developments in such matters have provided sufficient information to support such an assessment, including quantification of a damage demand from plaintiffs, discovery from other parties and investigation of factual allegations, rulings by courts on motions or appeals, analysis by experts or the status of any settlement negotiations. While the ultimate outcome and the costs associated with litigation are inherently uncertain and difficult to predict, we believe, based on current knowledge and after consultation with counsel, that we are not currently party to any material pending proceedings, individually or in the aggregate, the resolution of which would have a material effect on the Company. 
 Guarantee 
 The Company provides a guarantee to a lending institution for certain loans held by employees for investment in funds of its former Parent, which are secured by the underlying investments in those funds. The amount guaranteed was 3.3 million and 4.1 million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. In connection with this guarantee, we currently expect any associated risk of loss to be insignificant. 
 Indemnifications 
 We have entered and may continue to enter into contracts that contain a variety of indemnification obligations. Our maximum exposure under these arrangements is not known however, we currently expect any associated risk of loss to be insignificant. In connection with these matters, we have incurred and may continue to incur legal expenses, which are expensed as incurred. 
 Contractual Obligations 
 We have entered into operating leases, primarily with respect to office space in our various locations. Further disclosure regarding our leases is provided in Note 12. Leases in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of this filing. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had an amount due of 30.3 million pursuant to the tax receivable agreement, which represents management s best estimate of the amounts currently expected to be owed under the tax receivable agreement. Actual payments may differ significantly from estimated payments. Further disclosure regarding the tax receivable agreement is presented in Note 2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies Amount Due Pursuant to Tax Receivable Agreement and Note 13. Transactions with Related Parties Tax Receivable Agreement in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of this filing. 
 36 
 
 Estimating the amount of payments that may be made under the tax receivable agreement entered into with the holders of Partnership Units (other than PJT Partners Inc.) is by its nature imprecise, insofar as the calculation of amounts payable depends on a variety of factors. While the actual increase in tax basis, as well as the amount and timing of any payments under the tax receivable agreement, will vary depending upon a number of factors, including the timing of exchanges, the price of shares of our Class A common stock at the time of the exchange, the extent to which such exchanges are taxable and the amount and timing of our income, we expect that as a result of the size of the transfers and increases in the tax basis of the tangible and intangible assets of PJT Partners Holdings LP, the payments that PJT Partners Inc. may make under the tax receivable agreement will be substantial. There may be a material negative effect on our liquidity if, as a result of timing discrepancies or otherwise, the payments under the tax receivable agreement exceed the actual cash tax savings that PJT Partners Inc. realizes in respect of the tax attributes subject to the tax receivable agreement and/or distributions to PJT Partners Inc. by PJT Partners Holdings LP are not sufficient to permit PJT Partners Inc. to make payments under the tax receivable agreement after it has paid taxes. Late payments under the tax receivable agreement generally will accrue interest at an uncapp ed rate equal to LIBOR plus 500 basis points. 
 Pursuant to the employee matters agreement entered into with Blackstone, we have agreed to pay Blackstone the net realized cash benefit resulting from certain compensation-related tax deductions. Amounts are payable annually (for periods in which a cash benefit is realized) within nine months of the end of the relevant tax period. The amount of the tax benefit liability was 3.4 million as of December 31, 2022. Further disclosure regarding this liability is provided in Note 14. Commitments and Contingencies Transactions and Agreements with Blackstone, Employee Matters Agreement in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of this filing. 
 Other 
 See Notes 8, 10, 12 and 14 in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of this filing for further information in connection with income taxes, equity-based and other deferred compensation plans, leasing arrangements and commitments, respectively. 
 Critical Accounting Estimates 
 We prepare our consolidated financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the U.S. In applying many of these accounting principles, we need to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. We base our estimates and judgments on historical experience and other assumptions that we believe are reasonable under the circumstances, which are often subjective. Actual results may be affected negatively based on changing circumstances. If actual amounts are ultimately different from our estimates, the revisions are included in our results of operations for the period in which the actual amounts become known. We believe the following comprise the most significant estimates and judgments used in the preparation of our consolidated financial statements and could potentially produce materially different results if we were to change underlying assumptions, estimates and/or judgments. 
 Revenue from Contracts with Customers 
 At contract inception, we assess the services promised in our contracts with customers and identify a performance obligation for each promise to transfer to the customer a service (or a bundle of services) that is distinct. To identify the performance obligations, we consider all of the services promised in the contract regardless of whether they are explicitly stated or are implied by customary business practices. Additionally, we allocate the transaction price to the respective performance obligation(s) by estimating the amount of consideration in which we expect to be entitled in exchange for transferring the promised services to the customer. 
 For performance obligations that are satisfied over time, determining a measure of progress requires management to make judgments that affect the timing of revenue recognized. 
 For performance obligations that are satisfied at a point in time, we have determined that the customer is able to direct the use of, and obtain substantially all of the benefits from, the output of the service at the time it is provided to the client. Additionally, at that point we have a present right to payment, we have transferred the output of the service and the customer has significant risks and rewards of ownership. 
 37 
 
 Compensation and Benefits 
 Compensation and Benefits includes salaries, cash bonuses and restricted cash awards, benefits, employer taxes and equity-based compensation associated with the grants of equity-based awards to partners and employees. Compensation cost relating to the issuance of equity-based awards with a requisite service period to partners and employees is measured at fair value at the grant date, taking into consideration expected forfeitures, and expensed over the vesting period on a straight-line basis. Equity-based awards that do not require future service are expensed immediately. Restricted cash awards are expensed over the vesting period on a straight-line basis. 
 In certain instances, we may grant equity-based awards containing both a service and a market condition. The effect of the market condition is reflected in the grant date fair value of the award. Compensation cost is recognized for an award with a market condition over the requisite service period, provided that the requisite service period is completed, irrespective of whether the market condition is satisfied. If the market condition has not been satisfied during the vesting period, the remaining unrecognized compensation cost will continue to be recognized over the requisite service period. If a recipient terminates employment before completion of the requisite service period, any compensation cost previously recognized is reversed unless the market condition has been satisfied prior to termination. If the market condition has been satisfied during the vesting period, the remaining unrecognized compensation cost is accelerated. 
 At our discretion, we may provide compensation to certain employees with repayment obligations and/or service provisions. Such payments are recorded in Compensation and Benefits in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. We assess the potential risk of forfeiture and likelihood of recouping amounts paid, and if deemed necessary, record a provision for forfeitures in the financial statements. 
 Recent Accounting Developments 
 Information regarding recent accounting developments and their impact on PJT Partners can be found in Note 2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies Recent Accounting Developments in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of this filing. 

ITEM 7A. 
 
 QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

 Market Risk and Credit Risk 
 Our business is not capital-intensive and we do not invest in derivative instruments or, generally, borrow. As a result, we are not subject to significant market risk (including interest rate risk, foreign currency exchange rate risk and commodity price risk) or credit risk. Notwithstanding, current economic and geopolitical uncertainty and slowing global growth could have a material adverse effect on the Company s consolidated financial statements. 
 Risks Related to Cash, Cash Equivalents and Investments 
 Our cash and cash equivalents include short-term highly liquid investments that are readily convertible to known amounts of cash and have original maturities of three months or less from the date of purchase. Cash and cash equivalents are primarily held at four major financial institutions. In addition to cash and cash equivalents, we hold investments in Treasury securities, certain of which are classified as Investments in our Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition. We believe our cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments are not subject to any material interest rate risk, equity price risk, credit risk or other market risk based on the short-term nature of the securities. 
 Credit Risk 
 We estimate our allowance for credit losses using relevant available information from internal and external sources relating to past events, current conditions and reasonable and supportable forecasts. We maintain an allowance for credit losses that, in our opinion, reflects current expected credit losses. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the allowance for credit losses was 1.9 million. 
 38 
 
 Exchange Rate Risk 
 We are exposed to the risk that the exchange rate of the U.S. dollar relative to other currencies may have an adverse effect on the reported value of our non-U.S. dollar denominated or based assets and liabilities. In addition, the reported amounts of our revenues may be affected by movements in the rate of exchange between the transaction currency and the U.S. dollar, the currency in which our financial statements are denominated. The principal non-U.S. dollar currencies include the pound sterling, the euro, the Hong Kong dollar and the Japanese yen. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the impact of the fluctuation of foreign currencies in Other Comprehensive Income (Loss), Net of Tax Currency Translation Adjustment in the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income were losses of 5.3 million, 1.4 million and a gain of 2.3 million, respectively, and in Interest Income and Other in the Consolidated Statements of Operations, a gain of 0.9 million and losses of 2.0 million and 0.2 million, respectively. We have not entered into any transaction to hedge our exposure to these foreign currency fluctuations through the use of derivative instruments or other methods at this time. Given the geopolitical uncertainty and the ongoing economic impact, rising interest rates and heightened inflation, exchange rate fluctuations between the U.S. dollar and other currencies could unfavorably affect our consolidated financial statements. 

39 

ITEM 8. 
 
 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

 INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID No. 

41 

Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 

43 

Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

44 

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

45 

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

46 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

49 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

50 

Supplemental Financial Information 

73 

40 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of PJT Partners Inc. 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated statements of financial condition of PJT Partners Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income, changes in equity, and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission and our report dated February 24, 2023, expressed an unqualified opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Critical Audit Matter 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current-period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 Revenue from Contracts with Customers Refer to Notes 2 & 3 to the financial statements 
 Critical Audit Matter Description 
 The Company s services provided under contracts with customers include advisory and placement services. Fees related to these services are primarily recognized over time using a time-based method as the customer simultaneously receives and consumes the benefits as they are provided. With respect to the transaction price, the consideration to which the Company expects to be entitled is predominantly variable as the consideration is susceptible to factors outside of the Company s influence and/or contains a large number and broad range of possible consideration amounts. As such, these amounts are excluded from the transaction price until the uncertainty associated with the variable consideration is subsequently resolved and the Company has determined it is probable that there is not a significant risk of a revenue reversal in the future. 
 41 
 
 In certain circumstances, management may be required to apply judgment in determining the timing of when there is no longer uncertainty associated with the variable consideration and when it is probable that a significant reversal in the amount of cumulative revenue recognized will not occur e.g. when publicly available information regarding the close of a transaction is not available). We identified revenue recognition as a critical audit matter because of the judgment involved in determining the timing of when there is no longer uncertainty associated with the variable consideration and whether it is probable that a significant reversal in the amount of cumulative revenue recognized will not occur. This required a high degree of auditor judgment and increased extent of effort to audit and evaluate the client s determination . 
 How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit 
 Our audit procedures related to the timing of recording of revenue from contracts with customers included the following, among others: 

We tested the effectiveness of controls over revenue, including those over the timing of recording revenue. 

We selected a sample of contracts for which revenue was recognized in 2022 and January 2023 and performed the following: 

Evaluated whether the Company appropriately recognized revenue in the correct period by obtaining and evaluating evidence, including, but not limited to, inquiry with management, transaction close documents, transaction related press releases, confirmations, court approvals, executed agreements and communications regarding the extent of uncertainty associated with variable consideration. 

Evaluated whether it was probable that a significant reversal in the amount of cumulative revenue recognized would not occur by obtaining and evaluating evidence indicated above. 

/s/ 
 
 February 24, 2023 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2015. 

42 

PJT Partners Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition 
 (Dollars in Thousands, Except Share and Per Share Data) 

December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Assets 

Cash and Cash Equivalents 

Investments (at fair value) 

Accounts Receivable (net of allowance for credit losses of and 
 at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively) 

Intangible Assets, Net 

Goodwill 

Furniture, Equipment and Leasehold Improvements, Net 

Operating Lease Right-of-Use Assets 

Other Assets 

Deferred Tax Asset, Net 

Total Assets 

Liabilities and Equity 

Accrued Compensation and Benefits 

Accounts Payable, Accrued Expenses and Other Liabilities 

Operating Lease Liabilities 

Amount Due Pursuant to Tax Receivable Agreement 

Taxes Payable 

Deferred Revenue 

Total Liabilities 

Commitments and Contingencies 

Equity 

Class A Common Stock, par value per share 
 shares authorized and issued at 
 December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively and 
 outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021, 
 respectively) 

Class B Common Stock, par value per share shares 
 authorized issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 
 issued and outstanding at December 31, 2021) 

Additional Paid-In Capital 

Retained Earnings (Deficit) 

Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) 

Treasury Stock at Cost and shares at 
 December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively) 

Total PJT Partners Inc. Equity 

Non-Controlling Interests 

Total Equity 

Total Liabilities and Equity 

See notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 
 43 

PJT Partners Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 (Dollars in Thousands, Except Share and Per Share Data) 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Revenues 

Advisory Fees 

Placement Fees 

Interest Income and Other 

Total Revenues 

Expenses 

Compensation and Benefits 

Occupancy and Related 

Travel and Related 

Professional Fees 

Communications and Information Services 

Depreciation and Amortization 

Other Expenses 

Total Expenses 

Income Before Provision for Taxes 

Provision for Taxes 

Net Income 

Net Income Attributable to Non-Controlling 
 Interests 

Net Income Attributable to PJT Partners Inc. 

Net Income Per Share of Class A Common 
 Stock 

Basic 

Diluted 

Weighted-Average Shares of Class A Common Stock 
 Outstanding 

Basic 

Diluted 

See notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 
 44 

PJT Partners Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 
 (Dollars in Thousands) 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Net Income 

Other Comprehensive Income (Loss), Net of Tax Currency 
 Translation Adjustment 

Comprehensive Income 

Less: 

Comprehensive Income Attributable to 
 Non-Controlling Interests 

Comprehensive Income Attributable to PJT Partners Inc. 

See notes to consolidated financial statements. 

45 

PJT Partners Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity 
 (Dollars in Thousands, Except Share Data) 

Shares 

Accumulated 

Class A 

Class B 

Class A 

Class B 

Additional 

Retained 

Other 

Non- 

Common 

Common 

Treasury 

Common 

Common 

Paid-In 

Earnings 

Comprehensive 

Treasury 

Controlling 

Stock 

Stock 

Stock 

Stock 

Stock 

Capital 

(Deficit) 

Income (Loss) 

Stock 

Interests 

Total 

Balance at December 31, 2021 

Net Income 

Other Comprehensive Loss 

Dividends Declared Per Share 
 of Class A Common Stock) 

Tax Distributions 

Equity-Based Compensation 

Net Share Settlement 

Deliveries of Vested Shares of 
 Class A Common Stock 

Change in Ownership Interest 

Treasury Stock Purchases 

Balance at December 31, 2022 

(continued) 
 See notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 46 
 
 PJT Partners Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity 
 (Dollars in Thousands, Except Share Data) 

Shares 

Accumulated 

Class A 

Class B 

Class A 

Class B 

Additional 

Other 

Non- 

Common 

Common 

Treasury 

Common 

Common 

Paid-In 

Accumulated 

Comprehensive 

Treasury 

Controlling 

Stock 

Stock 

Stock 

Stock 

Stock 

Capital 

Deficit 

Income 

Stock 

Interests 

Total 

Balance at December 31, 2020 

Net Income 

Other Comprehensive Loss 

Dividends Declared Per Share 
 of Class A Common Stock) 

Tax Distributions 

Equity-Based Compensation 

Net Share Settlement 

Deliveries of Vested Shares of 
 Class A Common Stock 

Change in Ownership Interest 

Treasury Stock Purchases 

Balance at December 31, 2021 

(continued) 
 See notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 47 
 
 PJT Partners Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity 
 (Dollars in Thousands, Except Share Data) 

Shares 

Accumulated 

Class A 

Class B 

Class A 

Class B 

Additional 

Other 

Non- 

Common 

Common 

Treasury 

Common 

Common 

Paid-In 

Accumulated 

Comprehensive 

Treasury 

Controlling 

Stock 

Stock 

Stock 

Stock 

Stock 

Capital 

Deficit 

Income 

Stock 

Interests 

Total 

Balance at December 31, 2019 

Adoption of Accounting Standard 

Net Income 

Other Comprehensive Income 

Dividends Declared Per Share 
 of Class A Common Stock) 

Tax Distributions 

Equity-Based Compensation 

Net Share Settlement 

Deliveries of Vested Shares 
 of Class A Common Stock 

Change in Ownership Interest 

Treasury Stock Purchases 

Balance at December 31, 2020 

See notes to consolidated financial statements. 

48 

PJT Partners Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 (Dollars in Thousands) 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Operating Activities 

Net Income 

Adjustments to Reconcile Net Income to Net Cash 
 Provided by Operating Activities 

Equity-Based Compensation Expense 

Depreciation and Amortization Expense 

Amortization of Operating Lease Right-of-Use Assets 

Deferred Taxes 

Provision for Credit Losses 

Other 

Cash Flows Due to Changes in Operating Assets and 
 Liabilities 

Accounts Receivable 

Other Assets 

Accrued Compensation and Benefits 

Accounts Payable, Accrued Expenses and Other Liabilities 

Operating Lease Liabilities 

Taxes Payable 

Deferred Revenue 

Net Cash Provided by Operating Activities 

Investing Activities 

Purchases of Investments 

Proceeds from Sales and Maturities of Investments 

Purchases of Furniture, Equipment and Leasehold 
 Improvements 

Net Cash Provided by (Used in) Investing Activities 

Financing Activities 

Dividends 

Proceeds from Revolving Credit Facility 

Payments on Revolving Credit Facility 

Principal Payments on Term Loan 

Tax Distributions 

Employee Taxes Paid for Shares Withheld 

Cash-Settled Exchanges of Partnership Units 

Treasury Stock Purchases 

Payments Pursuant to Tax Receivable Agreement 

Net Cash Used in Financing Activities 

Effect of Exchange Rate Changes on Cash and Cash Equivalents 

Net Increase (Decrease) in Cash and Cash Equivalents 

Cash and Cash Equivalents, Beginning of Period 

Cash and Cash Equivalents, End of Period 

Supplemental Disclosure of Cash Flows Information 

Payments for Income Taxes, Net of Refunds Received 

Payments for Interest 

Non-Cash Receipt of Shares 

See notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 
 49 

PJT Partners Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (All Dollars Are in Thousands, Except Share and Per Share Data, Except Where Noted) 

50 
 
 or with interest being charged to the outstanding balance. With respect to such fees paid over time, the Company has determined there is not a significant financing component related to such contracts. Fees earned for placement services to corporate clients are typically payable upon completion. 
 Additionally, the Company is typically reimbursed for certain professional fees and other expenses incurred that are necessary in order to provide services to the customer. These expenses are recorded in the relevant expense caption in the Consolidated Statements of Operations when incurred and recognized as revenue and recorded in Accounts Receivable, Net when these amounts are invoiced to the customer. Such revenue amounts are recorded in Interest Income and Other in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 Determining the Timing of Satisfaction of Performance Obligations 
 For performance obligations that are satisfied over time, determining a measure of progress requires management to make judgments that affect the timing of revenue recognized. The Company has determined that the methods described above provide a faithful depiction of the transfer of services to the customer. 
 For performance obligations that are satisfied at a point in time, the Company has determined that the customer is able to direct the use of, and obtain substantially all of the benefits from, the output of the service at the time it is provided to the client. Additionally, at that point the Company has a present right to payment, the Company has transferred the output of the service and the customer has significant risks and rewards of ownership. 
 Contract Balances 
 The timing of revenue recognition may differ from the timing of payment. The Company records a receivable when revenue is recognized prior to payment and the Company has an unconditional right to payment. 
 The Company may receive non-refundable up-front fees in its contracts with customers, which are recorded as revenues in the period over which services are estimated to be provided. Additionally, the Company may receive payment of certain announcement, retainer or milestone fees before the performance obligation has been fully satisfied. Such fees give rise to a contract liability and are recorded as Deferred Revenue in the Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition. 
 51 

52 
 
 million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Treasury securities with original maturities greater than three months when purchased are classified as Investments in the Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition. to . The Company generally charges interest on long-term receivables as mutually agreed upon with the receivable counterparty. 
 Additional disclosures regarding accounts receivable are discussed in Note 4. Accounts Receivable and Allowance for Credit Losses. and share similar historical credit loss patterns including write-offs and recoveries. These receivables arise from the Company s performance obligation of standing ready to perform. Long-term receivables are generally paid in installments over a period of to . These receivables share similar historical credit loss patterns including write-offs and recoveries, and arise from the Company s performance obligation of providing corporate and fund placement services. 
 
 The Company measures the allowance for credit losses using the loss-rate method by multiplying the historical loss rate by the asset s amortized cost (including accrued interest) at the balance sheet date. The historical loss rate is derived from the Company s historical loss experience over the prior three year period. 
 The Company reduces both the gross receivable and the allowance for credit losses in the period in which the receivable(s) are deemed uncollectible. The Company considers a receivable to be uncollectible at the point when all efforts at collection have been exhausted. A recovery may occur if cash is received after a receivable balance has been written off. Such recovery would be recorded as an increase to the allowance at the time of the recovery. 
 53 
 
 over their estimated useful lives of to , reflecting the average time over which such intangible assets are expected to contribute to cash flows. Amortization expense is included in Depreciation and Amortization in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. The Company does not hold any indefinite-lived intangible assets. Intangible assets are reviewed for impairment when events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may not be recoverable. over the assets estimated useful economic lives, which for leasehold improvements are the lesser of the lease terms or the life of the asset, generally to , and to for other fixed assets. The Company evaluates long-lived assets for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. Depreciation and amortization are included in Depreciation and Amortization in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. . The lease arrangements for office space typically contain payments to the lessor for common area maintenance charges and reimbursement for certain other costs that are not fixed. The Company accounts for these costs as variable lease costs and does not include them in the lease component. 
 Right-of-Use Assets ROU assets represent the Company s right to use an underlying asset for the lease term and lease liabilities represent the Company s obligation to make lease payments arising from the lease. ROU assets and lease liabilities are recognized at the commencement date based on the present value of the lease payments over the lease term. The Company s lease agreements generally do not provide an implicit rate, so the Company estimates the incremental borrowing rate considering the collateral, term and the economic environment of the lease arrangement with reference to the Company s loan agreement. Certain leases may include options to extend or terminate and the Company reflects such renewal or termination option in the lease term when it is reasonably certain to exercise the option. 
 The Company records ROU assets and lease liabilities for operating leases in Operating Lease Right-of-Use Assets and Operating Lease Liabilities, respectively, on the Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition. 
 The Company does not record ROU assets or lease liabilities for leases with a term of twelve months or less. Lease expense for such leases is recognized on a straight-line basis. 
 54 

55 
 
 minimum tax on certain large corporations with a 3-year average adjusted financial statement income AFSI of billion or more (b) a plethora of clean energy tax incentives in the form of tax credits, and (c) a 1 excise tax on repurchases of stock by certain publicly traded corporations. The Company has evaluated the impact of the new laws, and does not expect the IRA or CHIPS Act to have a material impact on its consolidated financial statements. basis, subject to customary conversion rate adjustments for splits, unit distributions and reclassifications. PJT Partners Holdings LP has made an election under Section 754 of the Internal Revenue Code effective for each taxable year in which an exchange of Partnership Units for cash or for shares of Class A common stock occurs, which is expected to result in increases to the tax basis of the assets of PJT Partners Holdings LP at the time of an exchange of Partnership Units. Stock-settled exchanges and certain of these cash-settled exchanges are expected to result in increases in the tax basis of the tangible and intangible assets of PJT Partners Holdings LP. These increases in tax basis may reduce the amount of tax that PJT Partners Inc. would otherwise be required to pay in the future. These increases in tax basis may also decrease gains (or increase losses) on future dispositions of certain capital assets to the extent tax basis is allocated to those capital assets . 
 The Company has entered into a tax receivable agreement with the holders of Partnership Units (other than PJT Partners Inc.) that provides for the payment by PJT Partners Inc. to exchanging holders of Partnership Units of of the benefits, if any, that PJT Partners Inc. is deemed to realize as a result of the increases in tax basis related to such exchanges of Partnership Units and of certain other tax benefits related to entering into the tax receivable agreement, including tax benefits attributable to payments under the tax receivable agreement. This payment obligation is an obligation of PJT Partners Inc. and not of PJT Partners Holdings LP. PJT Partners Inc. expects to benefit from the remaining of cash tax savings, if any, in income tax it realizes. 
 56 
 
 of the estimated realizable tax benefit (which is the recorded deferred tax asset less any recorded valuation allowance) as an increase to the Amount Due Pursuant to Tax Receivable Agreement and the remaining of the estimated realizable tax benefit as an increase to Additional Paid-In Capital. 

 The effects of changes in estimates after the date of the redemption or exchange as well as subsequent changes in the enacted tax rates are included in net income. 

57 

Placement Fees 

Interest Income from Placement Fees and Other 

Revenues from Contracts with Customers 

Remaining Performance Obligations and Revenue Recognized from Past Performance 
 As of December 31, 2022, the aggregate amount of the transaction price allocated to performance obligations yet to be satisfied was million and . Such amounts relate to the Company s performance obligations of providing advisory and placement services. 
 The Company recognized revenue of million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, related to performance obligations that were fully satisfied in prior periods, primarily due to constraints on variable consideration in prior periods being resolved. Such amounts related primarily to the provision of corporate and fund placement services. The majority of Fee Revenue recognized by the Company during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was predominantly related to performance obligations that were partially satisfied in prior periods. 
 Contract Balances 
 There were no significant impairments related to contract balances during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, million and million, respectively, of revenue was recognized that was included in the beginning balance of Deferred Revenue, primarily related to the Company s performance obligation of standing ready to perform. In certain contracts, the Company receives customer expense advances, which are also considered to be contract liabilities. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company recorded million and million, respectively, in Accounts Payable, Accrued Expenses and Other Liabilities in the Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition primarily related to expense advances. 

Adoption of ASC 326 

Provision for Credit Losses 

Write-offs 

Recoveries 

Balance, End of Year 

Included in Accounts Receivable, Net is accrued interest of million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, related to placement fees. 
 58 
 
 million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 , respectively, related to placement fees that are generally paid in installments over a period of to . 
 The Company does not have any long-term receivables on non-accrual status. Of receivables that originated as long-term, there were million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, which were outstanding more than 90 days. The Company s allowance for credit losses with respect to long-term receivables was million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 t result in any impairment of goodwill. 

Trade Name 

Total Intangible Assets 

Accumulated Amortization 

Customer Relationships 

Trade Name 

Total Accumulated Amortization 

Intangible Assets, Net 

Amortization Expense 

Balance, End of Year 

Amortization of Intangible Assets held at December 31, 2022 is expected to be million for each of the years ending December 31, 2023 and 2024 million for the year ending December 31, 2025 and million for the year ending December 31, 2026. 

Furniture and Fixtures 

Office Equipment 

Total Furniture, Equipment and Leasehold Improvements 

Accumulated Depreciation 

Furniture, Equipment and Leasehold Improvements, Net 

Depreciation expense was million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 59 

December 31, 2021 

Level I 

Level II 

Level III 

Total 

Treasury Securities 

Investments in Treasury securities were included in Investments at December 31, 2022 and in Cash and Cash Equivalents at December 31, 2021 in the Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition. 

International 

Total 

State and Local Income Tax 

Foreign Income Tax 

Deferred 

Federal Income Tax 

State and Local Income Tax 

Foreign Income Tax 

Provision for Taxes 

Provision for Taxes 

Effective Income Tax Rate 

60 

Permanent Differences for Compensation 

- 

- 

- 

Income Not Subject to 
 U.S. Corporate Income Taxes 

- 

- 

- 

Foreign Income Taxes 

State and Local Income Taxes, Net of 
 Federal Benefit 

Return to Provision 

- 

- 

Rate Change Impact 

- 

Tax Benefit from NOL Carryback under the CARES Act 

- 

Other 

Effective Income Tax Rate 

Deferred income taxes reflect the net tax effects of temporary differences that may exist between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for income tax purposes using enacted tax rates in effect for the year in which the differences are expected to reverse. 

Tax Basis Step-Up from Blackstone 

Deferred Compensation 

Partner Exchange Basis Step-Up 

Other 

Total Deferred Tax Assets 

Deferred Tax Liabilities 

Operating Lease Right-of-Use Assets 

Intangible Assets 

Fixed Assets 

Other 

Total Deferred Tax Liabilities 

Deferred Tax Asset, Net 

The realization of deferred tax assets arising from timing differences and net operating losses requires taxable income in future years in order to deduct the reversing timing differences and absorb the net operating losses. The Company assesses positive and negative evidence in determining whether to record a valuation allowance with respect to deferred tax assets. This assessment is performed separately for each taxing jurisdiction. 
 The Company considered its cumulative taxable income earned in recent periods and projections of future taxable income based on the growth trajectory of its business as positive evidence in evaluating its ability to utilize the deferred tax assets. The Company s projections of future taxable income currently indicate that it is more likely than not that the deferred tax assets will be realized. 
 The Company does not believe that it meets the indefinite reversal criteria that would allow the Company to refrain from recognizing any deferred tax liability with respect to its foreign subsidiaries. Accordingly, the Company records a deferred tax liability with respect to an outside basis difference in its investment in a foreign subsidiary, where applicable. 
 61 
 
 unrecognized tax benefits as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 
 The Company does not anticipate a material increase or decrease in unrecognized tax benefits during the coming year. 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, interest or penalties were accrued with respect to unrecognized tax positions and there were settlements with taxing authorities. 

Less: 

Dividends on Participating Securities 

Net Income Attributable to Participating Securities 

Net Income Attributable to Shares of Class A 
 Common Stock Basic 

Incremental Net Income from Dilutive Securities 

Net Income Attributable to Shares of Class A 
 Common Stock Diluted 

Denominator: 

Weighted-Average Shares of Class A Common 
 Stock Outstanding Basic 

Weighted-Average Number of Incremental Shares from 
 Unvested RSUs and Partnership Units 

Weighted-Average Shares of Class A Common 
 Stock Outstanding Diluted 

Net Income Per Share of Class A Common Stock 

Basic 

Diluted 

Partnership Units may be exchanged for PJT Partners Inc. Class A common stock on a one-for-one basis, subject to applicable vesting and transfer restrictions. If all Partnership Units were exchanged for Class A common stock, weighted-average Class A common stock outstanding would be for the year ended December 31, 2022, excluding unvested RSUs. In computing the dilutive effect, if any, which the aforementioned exchange would have on net income per share, net income attributable to holders of Class A common stock would be adjusted due to the elimination of the non-controlling interests associated with the Partnership Units (including any tax impact). For the year ended December 31, 2022, there were weighted-average Partnership Units that were anti-dilutive. For the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, there were anti-dilutive securities. 

62 
 
 million shares of Class A common stock for issuance of new awards under the PJT Equity Plan, (in addition to the shares that were issuable under the plan in connection with the spin-off), of which million were available for issuance as of December 31, 2022 . The Company intends to use newly-issued shares of the Company s Class A common stock to satisfy vested restricted stock unit RSU and RSU s containing both service and market conditions awards under the PJT Equity Plan. 

Income Tax Benefit 

Restricted Stock Units 
 Pursuant to the PJT Equity Plan and in connection with the acquisition of CamberView, annual compensation process and ongoing hiring process, the Company has issued RSUs, which generally vest over a service life of to . Awards are generally forfeited if the employee ceases to be employed by the Company prior to vesting. 

Granted 

Vested 

Forfeited 

Dividends Reinvested on RSUs 

Balance, December 31, 2022 

As of December 31, 2022, there was million of estimated unrecognized compensation expense related to unvested RSU awards. This cost is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of years. The Company assumes a forfeiture rate of to annually based on expected turnover and periodically reassesses this rate. The weighted-average grant date fair value with respect to RSUs granted for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 was and , respectively. 
 RSU Awards with Both Service and Market Conditions 
 The Company has granted RSU awards containing both service and market conditions. The service condition requirement for these awards is generally to . The market condition will generally be satisfied upon the publicly traded shares of Class A common stock achieving certain volume-weighted average share price target over various trading periods during the life of the award. 
 Effective February 10, 2022, the Company granted RSU awards containing both service and market conditions. The effect of the service and market conditions is reflected in the grant date fair value of the award. Compensation cost is recognized over the requisite service period, provided that the service period is completed, irrespective of whether the market condition is satisfied. The service condition requirement with respect to such RSU awards is with vesting per annum. The market condition requirement will be satisfied upon the dividend-adjusted publicly traded shares of Class A common stock achieving a volume-weighted average share price over any consecutive -day trading period 20-day VWAP of and the other will be 
 63 
 
 with the market condition fully satisfied upon achieving a 20-day VWAP of prior to February 26, 2027. portion of these awards will become vested until both the service and market conditions have been satisfied. 

Granted 

Vested 

Forfeited 

Dividends Reinvested on RSUs 

Balance, December 31, 2022 

As of December 31, 2022, there was million of estimated unrecognized compensation expense related to RSU awards with both a service and market condition. This cost is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of years. The Company assumes a forfeiture rate of to annually based on expected turnover and periodically reassesses this rate. For the year ended December 31, 2021, RSUs with both a service and market condition were granted. The weighted-average grant date fair value with respect to RSUs with both a service and market condition granted for the year ended December 31, 2020 was . 

Dividend Yield 

Volatility Factor 

Expected Life (in years) 

5.0 

1.3 

Restricted Share Awards 
 In connection with the acquisition of CamberView Partners Holdings, LLC, certain individuals were issued restricted shares of the Company s Class A common stock. Based on the terms of the award, compensation expense was fully recognized over . For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, restricted share awards were granted. As of December 31, 2022, there were restricted shares outstanding. 
 Partnership Units 
 In connection with the spin-off, acquisition of CamberView, annual compensation process and ongoing hiring process, certain individuals were issued Partnership Units that, subject to certain terms and conditions, are exchangeable at the option of the holder for cash or, at the Company s election, for shares of PJT Partners Inc. Class A common stock on a -for-one basis. These Partnership Units generally vest over a service life of to . 
 64 

Granted 

Vested 

Forfeited 

Balance, December 31, 2022 

As of December 31, 2022, there was million of estimated unrecognized compensation expense related to unvested Partnership Units. This cost is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of years. The Company assumes a forfeiture rate of annually based on expected turnover and periodically reassesses this rate. The weighted-average grant date fair value with respect to Partnership Units granted for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 was and , respectively. 
 Partnership Unit Awards with Both Service and Market Conditions 
 Effective February 10, 2022, the Company granted Partnership Unit awards containing both service and market conditions. The effect of the service and market conditions is reflected in the grant date fair value of the award. Compensation cost is recognized over the requisite service period, provided that the service period is completed, irrespective of whether the market condition is satisfied. The service condition requirement with respect to such Partnership Unit awards is with vesting per annum. The market condition requirement will be satisfied upon the dividend-adjusted publicly traded shares of Class A common stock achieving a -day VWAP of and the other will be satisfied ratably upon the dividend-adjusted publicly traded shares of Class A common stock achieving a 20-day VWAP above with the market condition fully satisfied upon achieving a 20-day VWAP of prior to February 26, 2027. portion of these awards will become vested until both the service and market conditions have been satisfied. 

Balance, December 31, 2022 

As of December 31, 2022, there was million of estimated unrecognized compensation expense related to Partnership Unit awards with both a service and market condition. This cost is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of years. The Company assumes a forfeiture rate of annually based on expected turnover and periodically reassesses this rate. 
 65 

Volatility Factor 

Expected Life (in years) 

5.0 

Units Expected to Vest 

2.2 

Restricted Stock Units 

1.6 

Total Equity-Based Awards 

1.7 

Deferred Cash Compensation 
 The Company has periodically issued deferred cash compensation in connection with annual incentive compensation as well as other hiring or retention related awards. These awards typically vest over a period of to . Compensation expense related to deferred cash awards was million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, there was million of unrecognized compensation expense related to these awards. The weighted-average period over which this compensation cost is expected to be recognized is years. 
 
 vote for each share held of record on all matters on which stockholders are entitled to vote generally, including the election or removal of directors (b) entitled to receive dividends when and if declared by the Company s Board of Directors (the Board out of funds legally available therefor and (c) entitled to receive pro rata the Company s remaining assets available for distribution upon any liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Company. 
 Partnership Unit holders are granted an accompanying share of Class B common stock. This share of Class B common stock entitles the holder to a number of votes commensurate with such holder s vested and unvested Partnership Units and does not provide any voting power in excess of the holder s economic interest in the Company. Rather, it merely provides a vehicle for a Partnership Unit holder to vote such holder s economic interest in the Company and does not give disproportionate or super-voting rights to holders of Partnership Units and Class B common stock. 
 In an effort to preserve the tax-free nature of the spin-off, the Company s Certificate of Incorporation provided that holders of Class B common stock were limited to only vote per share of Class B common stock solely with respect to the election or removal of directors. With the passage of time since the spin-off, this restriction on the voting rights of holders of Class B common stock is no longer operative. Pursuant to the Company s Certificate of Incorporation, upon the request of a holder of Class B common stock and approval by the Board, such holder s Class B common stock would be equalized to provide the same number of votes for the election and removal of directors as it does for all other matters. Accordingly, as of December 31, 2022, the holders of vested and unvested Partnership Units have requested, and the Board has approved, that the shares of Class B common stock held by them provide them with the same number of votes for the election and removal of directors as they do for all other matters. 
 66 
 
 of the economic interest in PJT Partners Holdings LP, but has of the voting power and controls the management of PJT Partners Holdings LP. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the non-controlling interest was and , respectively. The percentage of the Net Income Attributable to Non-Controlling Interests will vary from this percentage primarily due to the differing level of income taxes applicable to the controlling interest. 
 Partnership Units are exchangeable at the option of the holder for cash or, at the Company s election, for shares of Class A common stock on a one-for-one basis. The election to exchange Partnership Units is entirely within the control of the holder of Partnership Units, although the Company retains the sole option to determine whether to settle the exchange in either cash or shares of Class A common stock. 
 PJT Partners Inc. operates and controls all of the business and affairs of PJT Partners Holdings LP and its operating subsidiaries indirectly through its equity interest in PJT Partners Holdings LP therefore, the shares of Class A common stock outstanding represent the controlling interest. 
 Treasury Stock 
 On April 25, 2022, the Company s Board authorized a million repurchase program of the Company s Class A common stock, which is in addition to the previous Board authorizations. As of December 31, 2022, the Company s remaining repurchase authorization was million. Under the repurchase program, shares of the Company s Class A common stock may be repurchased from time to time in open market transactions, in privately negotiated transactions or otherwise. The timing and the actual number of shares repurchased depend on a variety of factors, including legal requirements, price and economic and market conditions. The repurchase program may be suspended or discontinued at any time and does not have a specified expiration date. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company repurchased million shares of the Company s Class A common stock at an average price per share of , or million in aggregate, pursuant to this share repurchase program. The result of these repurchases was an increase of million in Treasury Stock in the Company s Consolidated Statement of Financial Condition for the year ended December 31, 2022. With respect to repurchases of the Company s Class A common stock during the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company recorded an increase of million in Treasury Stock in the Company s Consolidated Statement of Financial Condition. 

Short-Term Lease Cost 

Variable Lease Cost 

Sublease Income 

Total Lease Cost 

67 

Right-of-Use Assets Obtained in Exchange for 
 Operating Lease Liabilities 

December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Weighted-Average Remaining Lease Term (in years) 

6.8 

7.6 

Weighted-Average Discount Rate 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Total Lease Payments 

Less: Imputed Interest 

Total 

-for-one basis, subject to customary conversion rate adjustments for splits, unit distributions and reclassifications. Further, pursuant to the terms in the partnership agreement of PJT Partners Holdings LP, the Company may also require holders of Partnership Units who are not Service Providers (as defined in the partnership agreement of PJT Partners Holdings LP) to exchange such Partnership Units. The price per Partnership Unit to be received in a cash-settled exchange will be equal to the fair value of a share of PJT Partners Inc. Class A common stock (determined in accordance with and subject to adjustment under the exchange agreement). In the event cash-settled exchanges of Partnership Units are funded with new issuances of Class A common stock, the fair value of a share of PJT Partners Inc. Class A common stock will be deemed to be equal to the net proceeds per share of Class A common stock received by PJT Partners Inc. in the related issuance. Accordingly, in this event, the price per Partnership Unit to which an exchanging holder of Partnership Units will be entitled may be greater than or less than the then-current market value of PJT Partners Inc. Class A common stock. The exchange agreement also provides that a holder of Partnership Units will not have the right to exchange Partnership Units in the event that PJT Partners Inc. determines that such exchange would be prohibited by law, or would result in any breach of any debt agreement or other material contract of PJT Partners Inc. or PJT Partners Holdings LP. 
 Certain holders of Partnership Units exchanged million and million Partnership Units, respectively, for cash in the amounts of million and million, respectively, for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. Such amounts are recorded as a reduction of Non-Controlling Interests in the Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition. Additionally, thousand Partnership Units were exchanged for shares of PJT Partners Inc. Class A common for the year ended December 31, 2022. There were exchanges for the shares of PJT Partners Inc. Class A common stock for the year ended December 31, 2021. Exchanges for shares are recorded as a reduction of Non-Controlling Interests and an increase in Additional Paid-In Capital in the Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition. 
 68 
 
 Partnership Units on February 14, 2023 for cash for an aggregate payment of million. The price per Partnership Unit paid by the Company was , which was equal to the volume-weighted average price of a share of the Company s Class A common stock on February 9, 2023. 
 Registration Rights Agreement 
 The Company has entered into a registration rights agreement with the limited partners of PJT Partners Holdings LP pursuant to which the Company granted them, their affiliates and certain of their transferees the right, under certain circumstances and subject to certain restrictions, to require the Company to register under the Securities Act of 1933 shares of Class A common stock delivered in exchange for Partnership Units. The registration rights agreement does not contain any penalties associated with failure to file or to maintain the effectiveness of a registration statement covering the shares owned by individuals covered by such agreement. 
 Tax Receivable Agreement 
 The Company has entered into a tax receivable agreement with the holders of Partnership Units (other than PJT Partners Inc.) that provides for the payment by PJT Partners Inc. to exchanging holders of Partnership Units of of the benefits, if any, that PJT Partners Inc. is deemed to realize as a result of the increases in tax basis related to such exchanges of Partnership Units and of certain other tax benefits related to entering into the tax receivable agreement, including tax benefits attributable to payments under the tax receivable agreement. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had amounts due of million and million, respectively, pursuant to the tax receivable agreement, which represent management s best estimate of the amounts currently expected to be owed in connection with the tax receivable agreement. The Company expects to make the following payments with respect to the tax receivable agreement: million for the year ending December 31, 2023 million for the year ending December 31, 2024 million for the years ending December 31, 2025, 2026 and 2027 and million in years thereafter. Actual payments may differ significantly from estimated payments. 
 Sublease 
 The Company has entered into a Sublease Agreement (the Sublease with Dynasty Equity Partners Management, LLC Dynasty to sublease a portion of its office space. K. Don Cornwell, former partner and a member of the Board of Directors as of January 2023, is the CEO and co-founder of Dynasty. The sublease commenced on with an initial term of . The rent, terms and conditions of the Sublease were consistent with those similar subleases in the market as of the time the Sublease was entered. The Company recognized million of sublease income for the year ended December 31, 2022 related to the Sublease. Such amounts are recorded in Interest Income and Other in the Consolidated Statements of Operations . 
 Aircraft Lease 
 The Company makes available to its partners and, on occasion, their family members personal use of a company leased aircraft when it is not being used for business purposes, for which the partners pay the full incremental costs associated with such use. Such amount is not material to the consolidated financial statements. 
 
 million, which aggregate commitments may be increased, on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Amended and Restated Loan Agreement, to up to million during the period beginning December 1 each year through March 1 of the following year. The revolving credit facility will mature and the commitments thereunder will terminate on the maturity date, subject to extension by agreement of the Borrower and Lender. 
 69 
 
 million, which aggregate commitments may be increased, on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Renewal Agreement, to up to million durin g the period beginning December 1 each year through March 1 of the following year. The revolving credit facility was scheduled to mature and the commitments the reunder were scheduled to terminate on , subject to extension by agreement of the Borrower and Lender. On April, 25, 2022, the Renewal Agreement was further amended to extend the maturity date to October 1, 2023. 
 The Renewal Agreement requires the Borrower to maintain certain minimum financial covenants and limits or restricts the ability of the Borrower (subject to certain qualifications and exceptions) to incur additional indebtedness in excess of million. Outstanding borrowings under the Renewal Agreement are secured by the accounts receivable of PJT Partners LP. 
 , or (b) the prime rate minus . in excess of the otherwise applicable rate of interest. In connection with the closing of the Renewal Agreement, the Borrower paid the Lender certain closing costs and fees. In addition, on and after the closing date, the Borrower will also pay a commitment fee on the undrawn portion of the revolving credit facility of per annum, payable in arrears. 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company was in compliance with the debt covenants under the Renewal Agreement and Amended and Restated Loan Agreement, respectively. 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were borrowings outstanding under the revolving credit facility. 
 Contingencies 
 Litigation 
 From time to time, the Company may be named as a defendant in legal actions relating to transactions conducted in the ordinary course of business. Some of these matters may involve claims of substantial amounts. Although there can be no assurance of the outcome of such legal actions, in the opinion of management, after consultation with external counsel, the Company believes it is not probable and/or reasonably possible that any current legal proceedings or claims would individually or in the aggregate have a material adverse effect on the consolidated financial statements of the Company. The Company is not currently able to estimate the possible loss or range of loss until developments in such matters have provided sufficient information to support such an assessment, including quantification of a damage demand from plaintiffs, discovery from other parties and investigation of factual allegations, rulings by courts on motions or appeals, analysis by experts or the status of any settlement negotiations. 
 Guarantee 
 The Company provides a guarantee to a lending institution for certain loans held by employees for investment in funds of its former Parent, which are secured by the underlying investments in those funds. The amount guaranteed was million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. In connection with this guarantee, the Company currently expects any associated risk of loss to be insignificant. 
 Indemnifications 
 The Company has entered and may continue to enter into contracts that contain a variety of indemnification obligations. The Company s maximum exposure under these arrangements is not known however, the Company currently expects any associated risk of loss to be insignificant. In connection with these matters, the Company has incurred and may continue to incur legal expenses, which are expensed as incurred. 
 70 
 
 million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 Pursuant to the Employee Matters Agreement, the Company has agreed to pay Blackstone the net realized cash benefit resulting from certain compensation-related tax deductions. Amounts are payable annually (for periods in which a cash benefit is realized) within nine months of the end of the relevant tax period. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had accrued million and million, respectively, which the Company anticipates will be payable to Blackstone after the Company files its respective tax returns. The tax deduction and corresponding payable to Blackstone related to such deliveries will fluctuate primarily based on the price of Blackstone common stock at the time of delivery. 
 
 thousand or 6 2/3 of aggregate indebtedness, as defined, and requires that the ratio of aggregate indebtedness to net capital, both as defined, shall not exceed to 1. PJT Partners LP had net capital of million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, which exceeded the minimum net capital requirement by million and million, respectively. 
 PJT Partners LP does not carry customer accounts and does not otherwise hold funds or securities for, or owe money or securities to, customers and, accordingly, has no obligations under the SEC Customer Protection Rule (Rule 15c3-3). 
 PJT Partners (UK) Limited is authorized and regulated by the United Kingdom s Financial Conduct Authority and is required to maintain minimum capital of the greater of the permanent minimum requirement of thousand or a fixed overhead requirement, defined as of fixed overheads of the preceding year. One third of the fixed overhead requirement must be held in liquid assets. PJT Partners (HK) Limited is licensed with the Hong Kong Securities and Futures Commission and is subject to a minimum liquid capital requirement of HK million. PJT Partners Park Hill (Spain) A.V., S.A.U. is an investment firm authorized and regulated by Spain s National Securities Market Commission and is required to maintain minimum capital of the greater of the permanent minimum requirement of thousand or of the fixed overheads of the preceding year. One third of the fixed overhead requirement must be held in liquid assets. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, these entities were in compliance with local capital adequacy requirements. 

71 

International 

Total 

International 

Total 

The Company was not subject to any material concentrations with respect to its revenues for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. The Company was not subject to any material concentrations of credit risk with respect to its accounts receivable as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 
 of per share of Class A common stock, which will be paid on to Class A common stockholders of record on . 
 The Company has evaluated the impact of subsequent events through the date these financial statements were issued, and determined there were no subsequent events requiring adjustment or further disclosure to the financial statements besides those described in Note 13. Transactions with Related Parties Exchange Agreement and Note 13. Transactions with Related Parties Sublease. 
 
 72 

SUPPLEMENTAL FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 Not applicable. 
 73 

ITEM 9. 
 
 CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

 None. 

ITEM 9A. 
 
 CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act )) as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based upon this evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective . 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 No change in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act) occurred during our most recent quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 The Company s management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. The Company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed under the supervision of its principal executive and principal financial officers to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of its financial statements for external reporting purposes in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the U.S . 
 The Company s internal control over financial reporting includes policies and procedures that pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect transactions and dispositions of assets provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and the directors and provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the Company s assets that could have a material effect on its financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. In addition, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 Management conducted an assessment of the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 based on the framework established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on this assessment, management has determined that the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 was effective. 
 Deloitte & Touche LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, has audited the Company s consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and issued its report on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, which is included below. 
 74 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of PJT Partners Inc. 
 Opinion on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 We have audited the internal control over financial reporting of PJT Partners Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by COSO. 
 We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended December 31, 2022, of the Company and our report dated February 24, 2023, expressed an unqualified opinion on those financial statements. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting . Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements . 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 /s/ Deloitte & Touche LLP 
 New York, New York 
 February 24, 2023 
 75 

ITEM 9B. 
 
 OTHE R INFORMATION 

 None. 

ITEM 9C. 
 
 DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 

 Not applicable. 
 
 76 

PART III. 

ITEM 10. 
 
 DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

 The information regarding directors and executive officers set forth under the caption Proposal 1 Election of Directors and Executive Officers in our definitive proxy statement to be filed in connection with our 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders (the Proxy Statement is incorporated herein by reference. 
 The information regarding our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, our audit committee and our audit committee financial expert under the caption Corporate Governance Matters in the Proxy Statement is incorporated herein by reference. 
 We post our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics on our corporate website at www.pjtpartners.com under the Investor Relations/Corporate Governance/Governance Documents section. Our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics applies to all directors, officers and employees, including our chairman and chief executive officer and our principal financial and accounting officer. We will post any amendments to the Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, and any waivers that are required to be disclosed by the rules of either the SEC or the NYSE, on our website within the required periods. 

ITEM 11. 
 
 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

 The information contained in the sections captioned Compensation of Our Executive Officers, Compensation of Our Directors and Report of the Compensation Committee in the Proxy Statement is incorporated herein by reference. 
 Information regarding our compensation committee and compensation committee interlocks under the caption Corporate Governance Matters Board Committees and Corporate Governance Matters Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation in the Proxy Statement is incorporated herein by reference. 

ITEM 12. 
 
 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

 The information contained in the sections captioned Compensation of Our Executive Officers Equity Compensation Plan Information and Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management in the Proxy Statement is incorporated herein by reference. 

ITEM 13. 
 
 CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

 The information contained in the sections captioned Certain Relationships and Related Person Transactions and Corporate Governance Matters Director Independence in the Proxy Statement is incorporated herein by reference. 

ITEM 14. 
 
 PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 

 The information regarding our independent registered public accounting firm fees and services in the section captioned Proposal 5 Ratification of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm in the Proxy Statement is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 77 

PART IV. 

ITEM 15. 
 
 EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

1. 
 
 Financial Statements 

 The consolidated financial statements required to be filed in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are included in Item 8 above. 

2. 
 
 Financial Statement Schedules 

 See Index to Consolidated Financial Statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K included in Item 8 above. 

3. 
 
 Exhibits: 

Exhibit 

Number 

Description 

2.1 

Separation and Distribution Agreement by and among The Blackstone Group L.P., Blackstone Holdings I L.P., New Advisory GP L.L.C., PJT Partners Inc. and PJT Partners Holdings LP, dated as of October 1, 2015 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 5, 2015). 

2.2 

Agreement and Plan of Merger by and among CamberView Partners Holdings, LLC, PJT Partners Inc., PJT Partners Holdings LP, Blue Merger Sub LLC and CC CVP Partners Holdings, L.L.C., dated as of August 27, 2018 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 2.2 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 2, 2018.) 

3.1 

Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of PJT Partners Inc. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 5, 2015). 

3.2 

Amended and Restated By-Laws of PJT Partners Inc. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 5, 2015). 

4.1 

Description of Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 27, 2020). 

10.1 

Employee Matters Agreement by and among The Blackstone Group L.P., Blackstone Holdings I L.P., New Advisory GP L.L.C., PJT Partners Inc., PJT Partners Holdings LP, PJT Capital LP, and PJT Management, LLC, dated as of October 1, 2015 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 5, 2015). 

10.2 

Tax Matters Agreement by and among The Blackstone Group L.P., Blackstone Holdings I/II GP Inc., PJT Partners Inc., PJT Partners Holdings LP, StoneCo IV Corporation, PJT Capital LP, PJT Management, LLC and the seller parties defined therein, dated as of October 1, 2015 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 5, 2015). 

10.3 

Amended and Restated Loan Agreement, by and between PJT Partners Holdings LP and First Republic Bank, dated as of October 1, 2018 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 2, 2018). 

10.4 

Renewal Agreement, by and between PJT Partners Holdings LP and First Republic Bank, dated as of February 4, 2020 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 27, 2020). 

78 

Exhibit 

Number 

Description 

10.5 

Renewal and Modification Agreement, by and between PJT Partners Holdings LP and First Republic Bank, dated as of February 1, 2021 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 26, 2021). 

10.6 

Renewal Agreement, by and between PJT Partners Holdings LP and First Republic Bank, dated as of April 25, 2022 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 28, 2022). 

10.7 

Second Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement of PJT Partners Holdings LP, dated as of October 1, 2015 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 5, 2015). 

10.8 

Amendment to the Second Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement of PJT Partners Holdings LP, dated as of October 1, 2015 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 29, 2016). 

10.9 

Amendment No. 2 to the Second Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement of PJT Partners Holdings LP, dated as of October 12, 2016 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 28, 2017) . 

10.10 

Amendment No. 3 to the Second Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement of PJT Partners Holdings LP, dated as of January 1, 2018 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 4, 2018). 

10.11 

Exchange Agreement by and among PJT Partners Inc., PJT Partners Holdings LP and the holders of partnership units from time to time party thereto, dated as of October 1, 2015 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 5, 2015). 

10.12 

Tax Receivable Agreement by and among PJT Partners Inc., PJT Partners Holdings LP and each of the limited partners from time to time party thereto, dated as of October 1, 2015 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 5, 2015). 

10.13 

Registration Rights Agreement by and among PJT Partners Inc. and the covered persons from time to time party thereto, dated as of October 1, 2015 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 5, 2015). 

10.14 + 

PJT Partners Inc. 2015 Omnibus Incentive Plan, dated as of October 1, 2015 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.10 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 5, 2015). 

10.15 + 

Amended and Restated PJT Partners Inc. 2015 Omnibus Incentive Plan (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 25, 2019). 

10.16+ 

PJT Partners Inc. Amended and Restated Bonus Deferral Plan, dated as of February 23, 2021 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.15 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 26, 2021). 

10.17+ 

Form of PJT Partners Holdings LP Restricted Bonus Component Agreement (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.13 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 29, 2016). 

79 

Exhibit 

Number 

Description 

10.1 8 + 

Partner Agreement between PJT Partners Holdings LP and Paul J. Taubman, dated as of October 9, 2014 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form 10 filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on September 3, 2015). 

10.19+ 

Partner Agreement between PJT Partners Holdings LP and Ji-Yeun Lee, dated as of October 9, 2014 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.15 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 29, 2016). 

10.20+ 

Amendment to Partner Agreement between PJT Partners Holdings LP and Ji-Yeun Lee, dated as of October 1, 2015 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.16 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 29, 2016). 

10.21+ 

Amendment to Partner Non-Competition and Non-Solicitation Agreement between PJT Partners Holdings LP and Ji-Yeun Lee, dated as of October 1, 2015 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.17 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 29, 2016). 

10.22+ 

Partner Agreement between PJT Partners Holdings LP and Helen T. Meates, dated as of October 1, 2015 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.18 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 29, 2016). 

10.23+ 

Partner Agreement between PJT Partners Holdings LP and David Travin, dated as of January 1, 2021 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 28, 2022). 

10.24+ 

Form of Founder Unit Grant Agreement (CEO) (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.20 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 29, 2016). 

10.25+ 

Form of Earn-Out Unit Grant Agreement (CEO) (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.21 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 29, 2016). 

10.26+ 

Form of Founder Unit Grant Agreement (non-CEO) (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.22 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 29, 2016). 

10.27+ 

Form of Earn-Out Unit Grant Agreement (non-CEO) (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.23 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 29, 2016). 

10.28+ 

Form of Founder LTIP Unit Grant Agreement (non-CEO) (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.24 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 29, 2016). 

10.29+ 

Form of Director Restricted Stock Unit Grant Agreement (one-time award) (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.25 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 29, 2016). 

10.30+ 

Form of Director Restricted Stock Unit Grant Agreement (annual retainer) (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.26 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 29, 2016). 

10.31+ 

Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 12, 2016). 

10.32+ 

Form of Special Equity Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.30 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 28, 2017). 

80 

Exhibit 

Number 

Description 

10.33+ 

Form of Performance LTIP Unit Grant Agreement (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 28, 2022). 

10.34+ 

Form of Performance Restricted Stock Unit Grant Agreement (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 28, 2022). 

10.35 

Form of Director Indemnification Agreement (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.31 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 28, 2017). 

21.1 

Subsidiaries of PJT Partners Inc. 

23.1 

Consent of Deloitte & Touche LLP. 

31.1 

Certification of the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a). 

31.2 

Certification of the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a). 

32.1 

Certification of the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (furnished herewith). 

32.2 

Certification of the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (furnished herewith). 

101.INS 

Inline XBRL Instance Document the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because iXBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 

101.SCH 

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 

101.CAL 

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 

101.DEF 

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 

101.LAB 

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 

101.PRE 

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 

104 

Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 

+ 
 
 Indicates management or compensating plan or arrangement 

 The agreements and other documents filed as exhibits to this report are not intended to provide factual information or other disclosure other than with respect to the terms of the agreements or other documents themselves, and you should not rely on them for that purpose. In particular, any representations and warranties made by us in these agreements or other documents were made solely within the specific context of the relevant agreement or document and may not describe the actual state of affairs as of the date they were made or at any other time. 

ITEM 16. 
 
 FORM 10-K SUMMARY 

 None. 
 81 

SIGNAT URES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

Date: February 24, 2023 

PJT Partners Inc. 

By: 

/s/ Paul J. Taubman 

Name: 

Paul J. Taubman 

Title: 

Chief Executive Officer 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant, in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Name 

Title 

Date 

/s/ Paul J. Taubman 

Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 

February 24, 2023 

Paul J. Taubman 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/ Helen T. Meates 

Chief Financial Officer 

February 24, 2023 

Helen T. Meates 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

/s/ K. Don Cornwell 

Director 

February 24, 2023 

K. Don Cornwell 

/s/ James Costos 

Director 

February 24, 2023 

James Costos 

/s/ Emily K. Rafferty 

Director 

February 24, 2023 

Emily K. Rafferty 

/s/ Thomas M. Ryan 

Director 

February 24, 2023 

Thomas M. Ryan 

/s/ Grace Reksten Skaugen 

Director 

February 24, 2023 

Grace Reksten Skaugen 

/s/ Kenneth C. Whitney 

Director 

February 24, 2023 

Kenneth C. Whitney 

82 

<EX-21.1>
 2
 pjt-ex211_7.htm
 EX-21.1

pjt-ex211_7.htm

Exhibit 21.1 
 SUBSIDIARIES OF REGISTRANT 

Name 

Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization 

PJT Partners Holdings LP 

Delaware 

PJT Management LLC 

Delaware 

PJT Capital LP 

Delaware 

PJT Partners LP 

Delaware 

PHG CP Inc. 

Delaware 

PHG Holdings LLC 

Delaware 

PJT Partners (Cayman) Limited 

Cayman Islands 

PJT Partners (UK) Limited 

United Kingdom 

PJT Partners Park Hill (Spain), A.V., S.A.U. 

Spain 

PJT Partners (HK) Limited 

Hong Kong 

PJT Partners (Germany) GmbH 

Germany 

PJT Partners (France) SAS 

France 

PJT Partners Japan K.K. 

Japan 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 3
 pjt-ex231_11.htm
 EX-23.1

pjt-ex231_11.htm

Exhibit 23.1 
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in Registration Statement Nos. 333-207207 and 333-231075 on Form S-8, of our reports dated February 24, 2023, relating to the financial statements of PJT Partners Inc. (the Company ), and the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 /s/ Deloitte Touche LLP 
 New York, New York 
 February 24, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 pjt-ex311_8.htm
 EX-31.1

pjt-ex311_8.htm

Exhibit 31.1 
 CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER CERTIFICATION 
 I, Paul J. Taubman, certify that: 

1. 
 
 I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 of PJT Partners Inc.; 

2. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 
 The Registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Registrant and have: 

a) 
 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the Registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 
 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles ; 

c) 
 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the Registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) 
 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the Registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 
 The Registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the Registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the Registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) 
 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) 
 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: 
 
 February 24, 2023 

/s/ Paul J. Taubman 

Paul J. Taubman 

Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 pjt-ex312_9.htm
 EX-31.2

pjt-ex312_9.htm

Exhibit 31.2 
 CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER CERTIFICATION 
 I, Helen T. Meates, certify that: 

1. 
 
 I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 of PJT Partners Inc.; 

2. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 
 The Registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Registrant and have: 

a) 
 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the Registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 
 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 
 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the Registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) 
 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the Registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 
 The Registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the Registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the Registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) 
 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) 
 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: 
 
 February 24, 2023 

/s/ Helen T. Meates 

Helen T. Meates 

Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 pjt-ex321_10.htm
 EX-32.1

pjt-ex321_10.htm

Exhibit 32.1 
 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer 
 Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, 
 As Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report of PJT Partners Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Paul J. Taubman, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge: 

(1) 
 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) 
 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: 
 
 February 24, 2023 

/s/ Paul J. Taubman 

Paul J. Taubman 

Chief Executive Officer 

The foregoing certification is being furnished solely pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 and is not being filed as part of the Report or as a separate disclosure document. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 7
 pjt-ex322_6.htm
 EX-32.2

pjt-ex322_6.htm

Exhibit 32.2 
 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer 
 Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, 
 As Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report of PJT Partners Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Helen T. Meates, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge: 

(1) 
 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) 
 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: 
 
 February 24, 2023 

/s/ Helen T. Meates 

Helen T. Meates 

Chief Financial Officer 

The foregoing certification is being furnished solely pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 and is not being filed as part of the Report or as a separate disclosure document. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 11
 pjt-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 12
 pjt-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 13
 pjt-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 14
 pjt-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 15
 pjt-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

