<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230228_10-K_edgar_data_1022671_0001558370-23-002303.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>15826242</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>308153</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2687997</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>5902594</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2128393</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>4318403</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>13</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001558370-23-002303.hdr.sgml : 20230228
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230228140917
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001558370-23-002303
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		101
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230228
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230228

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			STEEL DYNAMICS INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001022671
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	STEEL WORKS, BLAST FURNACES  ROLLING MILLS (COKE OVENS) [3312]
		IRS NUMBER:				351929476
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			IN
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-21719
		FILM NUMBER:		23683774

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		7575 W JEFFERSON BLVD
		CITY:			FORT WAYNE
		STATE:			IN
		ZIP:			46804
		BUSINESS PHONE:		260 459 3553

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		7575 W JEFFERSON BLVD
		CITY:			FORT WAYNE
		STATE:			IN
		ZIP:			46804

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001558370-23-002303.txt : 20230228

10-K
 1
 stld-20221231x10k.htm
 10-K

Table of Contents 
 - UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 FORM ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 FOR THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 Commission File Number (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (IRS Employer Identification No.) , , (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) Registrant s telephone number, including area code: Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class Trading Symbol Name of each exchange on which registered 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. No Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No The aggregate market value of the voting stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant computed by reference to the price at which the common equity was last sold as of June 30, 2022, was approximately billion. Registrant has no non-voting shares. For purposes of this calculation, shares of common stock held by directors, officers and 5 stockholders known to the registrant have been deemed to be owned by affiliates, but this should not be construed as an admission that any such person possesses the power, direct or indirect, to direct or cause the direction of the management or policies of the registrant or that such person is controlled by or under common control with the registrant. As of February 21, 2023, Registrant had outstanding shares of common stock. DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE Portions of registrant s definitive proxy statement referenced in Part III, Items 10 through 14 of this report, to be filed prior to May 1, 2023, are incorporated herein by reference. 

Table of Contents 
 STEEL DYNAMICS, INC. Table of Contents 

Page Part I Item 1. Business 3 Item 1A. Risk Factors 22 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 31 Item 2. Properties 32 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 32 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 33 Part II Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 34 Item 6. [Reserved] 36 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 37 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 50 Item 8. Consolidated Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 51 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 86 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 86 Item 9B. Other Information 86 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 86 Part III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers, and Corporate Governance 87 Item 11. Executive Compensation 87 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 87 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 88 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 88 Part IV Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 89 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 89 Exhibit Index 90 Signatures 93 

Table of Contents 
 PART I Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements Throughout this report, or in other reports or registration statements filed from time to time with the Securities and Exchange Commission under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, or under the Securities Act of 1933, as well as in documents we incorporate by reference herein or here from, or in press releases or oral statements made by our officers or Regulation FD authorized representatives, we may make statements that express our opinions, expectations, or projections regarding future events or future results, in contrast with statements that reflect present or historical facts. These predictive statements, which we generally precede or accompany by such typical conditional words as anticipate, intend, believe, estimate, plan, seek, project or expect, or by the words may, will, or should, are intended to operate as forward-looking statements of the kind permitted by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, incorporated in Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Such forward-looking statements involve both known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause our actual results, performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. That legislation protects such predictive and cautionary statements by creating a safe harbor from liability in the event that a particular prediction does not turn out as anticipated. While we always intend to express our best judgment when we make statements about what we believe will occur in the future, and although we base these statements on assumptions that we believe to be reasonable when made, these forward-looking statements are not a guarantee of performance, and you should not place undue reliance on such statements. Forward-looking statements are subject to many uncertainties and other variable circumstances, many of which are outside of our control, that could cause our actual results and experience to differ materially from those we thought would occur. The following listing represents some, but not necessarily all, of the factors that may cause actual results to differ from those we may have anticipated or predicted: Global and National Risks domestic and global economic factors including periods of slower than anticipated economic growth and the risk of a recession; global steelmaking overcapacity and imports of steel into the United States, together with increased scrap prices; pandemics, epidemics, widespread illness or other health issues, such as COVID-19 or its variants; 
 Industry Risks the cyclical nature of the steel industry and some of the industries we serve; volatility and major fluctuations in prices and availability of scrap metal, scrap substitutes and supplies, and our potential inability to pass higher costs on to our customers; cost and availability of electricity, natural gas, oil, or other energy resources are subject to volatile market conditions; increased environmental, greenhouse gas emissions and sustainability considerations or regulations; compliance with and changes in environmental and remediation requirements; 

 1 

Table of Contents 
 Operational and Commercial Risks significant price and other forms of competition from other steel and aluminum producers, scrap processors and alternative materials; availability of an adequate source of supply of scrap for our metals recycling operations; cybersecurity threats and risks to the security of our sensitive data and information technology; the implementation of our growth strategy; litigation and legal compliance; unexpected equipment downtime or shutdowns; governmental agencies may refuse to grant or renew some of our licenses and permits required to operate our businesses; our senior unsecured credit facility contains, and any future financing agreements may contain, restrictive covenants that may limit our flexibility; and the impact of impairment charges. 
 We also refer you to and urge you to carefully read the section entitled Risk Factors at Item 1A of this report to better understand some of the principal risks and uncertainties inherent in our businesses or in owning our securities, as well as the section entitled Management Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations at Item 7 . You should also review the notes to consolidated financial statements under headings in Note 1. Use of Estimates and in Note 9. Commitments and Contingencies . Any forward-looking statements which we make in this report, or in any of the documents that are incorporated by reference herein or here from, speak only as of the date of such statement, and we undertake no ongoing obligation to update such statements. Comparisons of results between current and any prior periods are not intended to express any future trends or indications of future performance, unless expressed as such, and should only be viewed as historical data. 
 2 

Table of Contents 
 ITEM 1. BUSINESS 

Steel Dynamics, Inc. is one of the largest domestic steel producers and metal recyclers in the United States, based on estimated steelmaking and steel coating capacity of approximately 16 million tons and actual metals recycling volumes as of December 31, 2022, with one of the most diversified product and end market portfolios in the domestic steel industry, combined with meaningful downstream steel fabrication operations. The company s primary sources of revenue are from the manufacture and sale of steel products, the processing and sale of recycled ferrous and nonferrous metals, and the fabrication and sale of steel joists and deck products. We refer to our founding principles as our six core strategic pillars. They bring us together with a common focus, and they provide the foundation upon which we operate and grow. Our unique entrepreneurial culture and business model benefit us operationally, financially, and through the responsible use of our resources in diverse economic environments. Innovation in all forms is essential to our success, and our teams focus on how to do things smarter within our current operations, as well as how we continue to grow. This means creating solutions for our teammates, customers, suppliers, and other stakeholders. It also includes finding ways to do business with fewer resources and less environmental impact. Our six strategic pillars and the team s execution of them each day has driven our success and sustainability. Health Safety Creating and maintaining a safe work environment is the foundation of our decision making. Health and safety are always at the forefront and are a constant topic of conversation across the company. Our goal is zero injuries no accidents. Entrepreneurial Culture Fosters a team of energetic, positive, driven, innovative and diverse individuals by utilizing open communication and meaningful performance-based compensation aligned to our strategic focus. Customer Commitment We focus on being a preferred partner of our customers by providing quality products and unique supply chain solutions to meet their current and future needs. Strategic Sustainable Growth We focus on strategic growth with intentional margin expansion and consistency through-the-cycle. Innovation Through individual creativity and ingenuity, our teams drive innovation to improve safety, quality, productivity, and resource sustainability. We strive to provide unique, superior products, customer supply chain solutions, and next-generation technologies and processes. Financial Strength Through our adaptable value-added product diversification, vertically connected businesses model, coupled with our highly variable operating cost structure and performance-based incentive compensation, along with our continued operating innovations and efficiency, we achieve higher utilization and lower costs, which provide strong cash flow generation through both strong and weak market cycles. 
 Differentiated Model - Uniquely Steel Dynamics Competitively advantaged differentiation is core to our long-term value creation strategy. We set ourselves apart in every aspect of our business with a spirit of excellence. 
 3 

Table of Contents 
 Unique Entrepreneurial Culture Our entrepreneurial culture is at the core of our success and is driven by our extensive performance-based incentive compensation philosophy from those on the plant floor to our senior leadership. Over 60 of a production team member s total potential compensation is at risk to both quality production and cost-effectiveness metrics. Over 85 of our senior leadership team s total potential compensation is at risk to companywide financial performance metrics that encourage long-term value creation, including return on equity, growth, cash generation, and return on invested capital measures. We believe diversity within our teams enhances broad-based thinking, innovation, and value creation. Our common goal of consistently achieving excellence in all we do is reflected in the esprit de corps that permeates our team. Diversified, Value-Added Product Offerings and Supply-Chain Solutions We have one of the most diversified, high-margin product offerings within the domestic steel industry. We have a track record of profitable growth, driving diversification in both end markets and value-added product offerings to sustain higher volume and profitability through varying market environments. Over 70 of our steel and steel fabrication sales are considered value-added. Throughout our history and today, we seek to provide unique supply-chain alternatives for our customers to increase efficiency, to reduce time and costs, and to promote decarbonization opportunities. Growing with our customers in this way has proven to be invaluable in creating long-lasting relationships and product development. The majority of our steelmaking operations are in locations near sustainable sources of scrap metals and near our customer base, allowing us to realize freight savings for inbound scrap as well as for outbound steel products destined for our customers. This also allows us to provide consistent on-time delivery to our customer base with relatively short lead times, further solidifying our customer relationships. This diversified portfolio of products enables us to access a broad range of markets, serve a large customer base, and helps mitigate our market exposure to any one product or sector, resulting in increased through-cycle steel mill utilization. In addition, our value-added steel product offerings help to balance our exposure to commodity grade products supplied by other steel manufacturers. We will continue to seek additional opportunities and to collaborate with our customers to anticipate their future needs by further expanding our range of products and offerings. Our Southwest-Sinton Flat Roll Division (Sinton) is a prime example of our internal growth and differentiated business model. This electric arc furnace (EAF) flat roll steel mill has approximately 3.0 million tons of annual steel production capacity, currently including two value-added coating lines comprised of a galvanizing line with annual coating capacity of 550,000 tons with galvalume capability, and a paint line with annual coating capacity of 250,000 tons. We are also currently building four additional value-added flat roll steel coating lines comprised of an additional paint line and galvanizing line located onsite at Sinton and a paint line and galvanizing line at our Heartland Flat Roll Division. These new coating lines are expected to begin operating in the second half of 2023. As with all our growth initiatives, we seek to competitively differentiate ourselves through service, product capability and quality, and supply-chain solutions. Sinton is a next-generation EAF flat roll steel mill, which has the capability to provide higher-strength, tougher grades of flat roll steel for the energy and automotive markets. These ultra-high-strength steel products are not currently readily available from other domestic steel producers. Sinton is adhering to the same sustainability model as our other steelmaking facilities, utilizing state-of-the-art environmental controls and processes to produce high quality sustainable steel. Sinton was fully commissioned during the first half of 2022, and operations have continued to ramp up as the team navigated unexpected challenges related to power and equipment during 2022. Sinton has significant competitive advantages, including geographic market positioning, power accessibility, competitive freight for the intended customers, proximity to a deep-water port and site constructability. Our Sinton, Texas location allows us to strategically target underserved markets that are largely reliant on imports with long lead times and lower product quality capabilities, providing customers throughout the Southwest United States and Mexico significant freight benefits and shorter lead times allowing them to realize working capital advantages. Six steel 
 4 

Table of Contents 
 customers have located onsite, representing over 1.8 million tons of annual flat roll steel processing and consumption capacity. Vertically Connected Businesses and Pull-Through Volume Advantage Our vertically connected businesses contribute to our higher through-cycle steel production and overall profitability. Our internal manufacturing businesses are a significant competitive advantage supporting higher and more stable through-cycle earnings and cash flow generation. Our steel fabrication operations and downstream processing locations use a significant amount of steel in their operations. During weaker steel demand environments, we can source more of their steel needs internally, and during strong steel demand environments, we have optionality to also purchase their steel needs externally. Ultimately, we optimize our companywide profitability and minimize earnings volatility. In 2022, our own steel consuming businesses purchased 1.7 million tons of steel from our steel mills, representing 14 of our total 2022 steel shipments. A strategic and synergistic relationship also exists between our steel mills and metals recycling operations. Our metals recycling platform is the largest supplier of recycled ferrous scrap to our steel operations. This allows us to manage companywide working capital, as lower scrap volume is required at our steel mills. We are also able to source higher-quality scrap for our steel mills, optimizing cost and quality. Technically Advanced, Low-Cost, Highly-Efficient Operations We operate some of the most technically advanced and environmentally responsible steel mills in the world. Our steel mills generate a fraction of the greenhouse gas emissions (GHG) per ton of steel produced as compared to traditional blast furnace steel production and the average global steel industry. Our value-added product diversification, vertically connected businesses, and performance-based incentive compensation programs support our efficient, environmentally responsible, and competitively advantaged footprint. Coupled with our low-cost, highly variable operating cost structure and our continued operating innovation and efficiency, we are one of the most profitable and low-cost domestic steel producers. Transformational Growth / New Aluminum Flat Roll Mill In July 2022, we announced our new planned 2.5 billion project to construct and operate a 650,000 metric ton aluminum flat rolled products mill in Columbus, Mississippi, with two supporting satellite recycling aluminum slab centers. Our unique performance-based operating culture, coupled with our experience in successfully constructing and operating cost-effective, highly profitable carbon flat roll steel mills, positions us exceptionally well to execute strategic opportunities and to deliver strong long-term value creation. A significant number of our steel customers are also consumers and processors of aluminum flat rolled products. This investment will allow us to broaden our ability to serve both our existing and new customers by adding high-quality, low-carbon flat rolled aluminum to our product portfolio. The state-of-the-art aluminum flat roll mill will utilize a significant amount of aluminum scrap, and as such is also a complementary extension of the company s metals recycling platform. The product offering will be supported by various value-added finishing lines, including CASH (continuous annealing solutions heat treating) lines, continuous coating, and various slitting and packaging operations. The rolling mill is currently expected to begin operations in 2025. Sustainability Sustainability is a part of our long-term value creation strategy. We are dedicated to our people, our communities and our environment. We are committed to operating our business with the highest integrity and have been since our founding. We only produce steel using EAF technology with recycled ferrous scrap as the primary raw material. EAF steelmaking technology generates a mere fraction of the carbon emissions produced and energy intensity required by traditional blast furnace steelmaking technology. We believe EAF production is currently the steelmaking technology that provides the least environmental impact, is the most cost efficient, and provides the most flexibility, and as such, has been our method of growth. We encourage the use of new technologies and processes to reduce our impact on the environment, including a strategic focus on carbon mitigation. 
 5 

Table of Contents 
 In 2021, we announced that we are taking further action to reduce our environmental footprint through our 2025, 2030, and 2050 goals for GHG emissions reduction and increased renewable energy usage. We intentionally developed a vertically connected operating model, further strengthening our company. Our metals recycling platform collects and processes scrap from manufacturing and end-of-life items, such as automobiles, appliances, and machinery. This processed scrap is then sold to end-users for reuse, including our EAF steel mills, which produce new steel from the scrapped material. Our steel is then sold to consumers that both further process and manufacture end products. We sell a meaningful amount of steel to our own manufacturing businesses that in turn sell finished products to consumers. Ultimately, when these products reach the end of their useful lives, they can be collected as scrap and used again in our steelmaking operations, creating our circular manufacturing model. Our growth strategy focuses on increasing through-cycle cash generation and providing growth opportunities for our people, partners, communities, and shareholders, all while keeping the sustainability of resources and carbon impact in focus. We endeavor for continual improvement in minimizing carbon dioxide emissions, while maintaining compliance with emission limit regulations. We monitor our GHG emissions by regularly reviewing furnace performance and efficiency. We analyze the latest available technologies to also determine whether emissions can be minimized. In 2022, we announced a strategic joint venture, SDI Biocarbon Solutions, LLC. The joint venture plans to construct and operate a biocarbon production facility in Columbus, Mississippi to supply our EAF steel mill with a renewable alternative to fossil fuel carbon using our joint venture partner Aymium s patented technology. The facility is expected to produce up to 228,000 metric tons per year, resulting in an estimated 35 reduction in our steel mills Scope 1 GHG emissions. Operations are planned to begin early 2024. Experienced Leadership Team / Fosters an Entrepreneurial Culture Our senior leadership team is highly experienced and has a proven track record in the steel, metals recycling, and steel fabrication industries, as well as in the construction and start-up of new operations. Our leadership objectives are closely aligned with our stakeholders through meaningful stock ownership positions and performance-based incentive compensation programs that are correlated to the company s profitability and operational performance in relationship to our steel manufacturing peers. We emphasize decentralized operational decision making and responsibility, while continuing to maintain appropriate corporate governance and risk oversight. We reward teamwork, innovation, and operating efficiency, and focus on maintaining the effectiveness of our performance-driven incentive bonus plans that are designed to maximize overall productivity and align the interests of our leadership and teams with our stakeholders. 

Name Age Position Mark D. Millett 63 Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer Theresa E. Wagler 52 Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, and Corporate Secretary Miguel Alvarez 55 Senior Vice President, Metals Recycling Chris A. Graham 58 Senior Vice President, Long Products Steel Group Glenn A. Pushis 57 Senior Vice President, Special Projects Barry T. Schneider 54 Senior Vice President, Flat Roll Steel Group James S. Anderson 62 Senior Vice President, Steel Fabrication Mark D. Millett co-founded the company in 1993. Mr. Millett has been the Board Chair since May 2021 and has been our President and Chief Executive Officer since January 2012. Prior to that, he held various positions within the company, including President and Chief Operating Officer, Executive Vice President of Metals Recycling and Ferrous Resources, and Executive Vice President of Flat Roll Operations. Mr. Millett was responsible for the design, construction, and start-up operation of all of our steel mills, including our Butler, Indiana flat roll, melting, and casting operations. Mr. Millett currently serves as Chairman of the Steel Manufacturers Association (SMA). During 2019, Mr. Millett was named the recipient of the James F. Collins Achievement in Advocacy Award by the SMA. During 2014 and 2022, Mr. Millet was named Steelmaker of the Year by the Association of Iron and Steel Technology. Mr. Millett earned his bachelor s degree in metallurgy from the University of Surrey, England. 
 6 

Table of Contents 
 Theresa E. Wagler has been our Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Corporate Secretary since May 2007. Ms. Wagler joined the Steel Dynamics corporate finance team in 1998, and has held various finance and accounting positions, including Chief Accounting Officer and Vice President and Corporate Controller. She is responsible for and oversees accounting and taxation, treasury, risk management, legal, information technology and cybersecurity, human resources, sustainability strategy, and strategic business development functions, as well as, financial planning and analysis, investor relations, and corporate communications. Ms. Wagler also has various operational responsibilities directly overseeing two operating joint ventures. Prior to joining Steel Dynamics, Ms. Wagler was a certified public accountant with Ernst Young LLP. She graduated cum laude from Taylor University with a bachelor s degree in accounting and systems analysis. In addition, Ms. Wagler serves as a director and chair of the audit committee of CF Industries Holdings, Inc., a public company, and also serves as a director for Trine University and for the Metals Service Center Institute. Miguel Alvarez transitioned to the role of Senior Vice President, Metals Recycling, upon the retirement of Russ B. Rinn (formerly the Executive Vice President, Metals Recycling) in March 2022. In this role, Mr. Alvarez is responsible for OmniSource s ferrous and nonferrous metals recycling operations including marketing, trading and logistics activities. Prior to this role, Mr. Alvarez served as Senior Vice President, Southwest United States and Mexico, since February 2019. Prior to joining Steel Dynamics, Mr. Alvarez served in leadership positions at BlueScope; this included leading BlueScope s North American metal buildings business with manufacturing facilities in the United States and Mexico, and being responsible for BlueScope s only North American electric arc furnace flat roll steel mill as President of North Star BlueScope Steel. Mr. Alvarez earned a bachelor s degree in industrial engineering and an MBA from Tecnol gico de Monterrey, M xico. Christopher A. Graham has been our Senior Vice President, Long Products Steel Group, since February 2019. In this role, Mr. Graham is responsible for the company s four long product steel mills, along with a downstream finishing operation and the company s copper rod manufacturing facility. Prior to that, Mr. Graham served as Senior Vice President, Downstream Manufacturing and President of New Millennium Building Systems, responsible for the company s steel fabrication and downstream manufacturing operations, and other operational and leadership roles. Mr. Graham was also a part of the team that constructed the company s first steel mill in Butler, Indiana, in 1994. Mr. Graham earned a bachelor s degree in business management from Western Governors University and an MBA from the University of Saint Francis. Glenn A. Pushis has been our Senior Vice President, Special Projects, since February 2019. Mr. Pushis is responsible for the successful design and construction of the company s newly announced aluminum flat roll mill. From 2019 until 2022, Mr. Pushis was responsible for the successful design and construction of the Southwest-Sinton Flat Roll Division developed to serve the Southwestern United States and Mexico. He has extensive experience in this capacity and has been instrumental in numerous construction projects for Steel Dynamics since its founding. Prior to that, Mr. Pushis served as Senior Vice President, Long Products Steel Group, responsible for the company s four long product steel mills. Mr. Pushis has been with Steel Dynamics since 1994, holding various operational and leadership roles, including roles within the Engineered Bar Products Division and the Butler Flat Roll Division. He was also part of the team that constructed the company s first steel mill in Butler, Indiana, in 1994. Mr. Pushis earned a bachelor s degree in mechanical engineering from Purdue University and his MBA from Indiana University. Barry T. Schneider has been our Senior Vice President, Flat Roll Steel Group, since March 2016. Mr. Schneider is responsible for the company s entire flat roll steel operations, including the company s two flat roll steel mills and numerous flat roll processing, coating, and distribution operations. Before that, Mr. Schneider served in various operational and leadership roles within the company s steel operations, including our Engineered Bar Products Division and Butler Flat Roll Division. He was also part of the team that constructed the company s first steel mill in Butler, Indiana, in 1994. Mr. Schneider earned a bachelor s degree in mechanical engineering and a master of science in engineering management from Rose-Hulman Institute of Technology. He also received an Executive Certificate in Technology, Operations, and Value Chain Management from the MIT Sloan School of Management. In addition, Mr. Schneider serves as a director for the Association of Iron Steel Technology. James S. Anderson was promoted to our Senior Vice President, Steel Fabrication in March 2022 from his former role as Vice President, Steel Fabrication and President of New Millennium Building Systems, since February 2019. In 
 7 

Table of Contents 
 this role, Mr. Anderson is responsible for the company s steel fabrication operations. Prior to that, Mr. Anderson served as the Chief Operating Officer of New Millennium Building Systems, and was the general manager of The Techs three flat roll galvanizing lines. Mr. Anderson earned a bachelor s degree in metallurgical engineering from Grove City College and an MBA from the University of Pittsburgh. Human Capital / Valuing People We value the dedicated people whose passion, innovation, and spirit of excellence have helped successfully grow our company and serve our customers. We have a culture of transparency and trust, fostered through individual empowerment and accountability that drives decision making throughout our business. Our performance-based incentive compensation programs align our people with the interests of our strategic long-term growth and our customers, communities, and shareholders. We know our teams will do what is right and that trust comes from effective communication and transparency. The Steel Dynamics team consisted of approximately 12,060 full-time team members at December 31, 2022. Health and Safety Valuing people includes providing a healthy and safe work environment and creating a culture of safety that extends beyond the workplace, into our homes and communities. Safety is and always will be our primary focus and core value. We intend for each individual to arrive at the workplace safely and return home safely each day. This is achievable when we all work together. It requires commitment from leadership and team members at every level to take ownership and responsibility for their safety and the safety of others. Under no circumstance does the desire to maximize production or earnings override the priority of individual safety. Safety is our first core strategic pillar it is the foundation of our decision making. Safety is always at the forefront and is discussed regularly across the company, whether led by a team member from the plant floor, a supervisor, or a manager. Leadership is engaged and continuously evaluates where we can improve. We believe having every individual engaged in safety will lead to zero injuries. We are committed to achieving world-class safety performance throughout our operations. This commitment is foundational and integral to our culture. Working as one team, we will achieve it. Our total recordable injury rate compared to industry benchmarks and lost time injury rates for 2022 are as follows: 
 8 

Table of Contents 

1 Total Recordable Injury Rate is defined as OSHA recordable incidents x 200,000 / hours worked. Lost Time Injury Rate is defined as OSHA days away from work cases x 200,000 / hours worked. 2 Source: 2021 U.S. DOL Bureau of Labor Statistics Compensation Structure We believe in empowering our teams and rewarding them for their achievements through a four-tiered, performance-based compensation framework. The various components of our compensation programs promote a balance of high-return growth, effective capital investment, low-cost operations, and risk mitigation. By rewarding our teams based on their performance as an individual, as a team, as a company, and based on shareholder interests, we believe we have the ultimate alignment with our external constituents. This is achieved through the following methods: Individual performance awards consist of an individual s base compensation, which is determined by their individual performance, responsibilities, and skills. Team performance awards are based on departmental results, rewarding cost effectiveness and quality production. Our performance-based incentive programs reward team members for reducing waste and increasing efficiency, while also producing quality products for our customers. These awards can be well over 100 of base wages, based on strong performance and on the teams doing things that are within their control. Companywide performance awards unite everyone through our profit-sharing program, which is based on consolidated pretax profitability, and our 401(k) match, which is based on consolidated return on assets. Alignment with our shareholders and the pursuit of long-term value creation is fostered through the issuance of restricted stock units. Each full-time, non-union, United States-based team member receives annual equity awards. These awards generally have a two-year vesting period, supporting retention and companywide strategy alignment. Our team-based culture and competitive pay structure supported continued high retention. In 2022, our overall employee retention was approximately 81 , with domestic and steel operations retention of 87 and 91 , respectively. 
 9 

Table of Contents 
 Our compensation framework helps ensure that we remain strong with best-in-class performance and retain top talent even in economic downturns. We all share in the company s successes, as well as the challenges. Talent Development and Educational Opportunities Our people represent the foundation of our six strategic pillars. Their continued education and talent development are paramount to our success. Our educational assistance and development programs encourage personal growth so individuals can remain current in their areas of responsibility, as well as develop new skills for advancement. Our senior leadership plays a key role in our development programs, linking our culture to critical, proven leadership concepts. As we continue to grow, building talent and creating opportunities within our teams is one of our most important tasks and is critical to our long-term success. Workplace Philosophy Our people are the foundation of our success and are our most important resource. Our culture safeguards all people and requires each person to be treated fairly and with dignity. We have equal employment opportunity, no tolerance for harassment of any kind, respect for human rights, inclusion, and diversity all of which focus on our expectations of treating every person with the utmost respect. Our leadership receives recurring training on these critical topics. We provide equal employment opportunities to all individuals and applicants. This philosophy of fairness extends to work assignments, opportunities for advancement, compensation, training opportunities, and all other aspects of employment. All job-related considerations are based on merit and ability, without regard to race, color, religion, creed, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, national origin, genetics, age, marital or veteran status, pregnancy, the presence of handicaps or disabilities, or any other basis protected by law. We provide accommodations as required by applicable laws, including for disabilities and religious beliefs. We respect human rights, which includes providing safe work environments for our people, providing fair compensation based on job responsibilities and performance, and ensuring all team members meet minimum age requirements and eligible working status to qualify for employment. We do not tolerate harassment or disrespect of an individual or group for any reason. Harassment of a team member is prohibited, both in the workplace and off the premises. We forbid harassment by any personnel of a customer, vendor, or any other person. Likewise, we prohibit harassment of our teams in any way related to their interactions with customers, vendors, or any other person related to their work responsibilities. We recognize the value of having a business that reflects diversity of backgrounds and experiences. Our teams and colleagues represent the diversity of the communities where we live and work and our employee population is representative of our industry and communities. We work together as a unified team and respect each other as individuals. Our team-based compensation structure reinforces this philosophy. We strive to create a welcoming, open, and inclusive environment, ensuring the best ideas are heard and valued regardless of the position or the individual. We believe these ideals will continue to drive our success. Segments We have three reporting segments: steel operations, metals recycling operations, and steel fabrication operations. Refer to Notes 1 and 13 in the notes to consolidated financial statements in Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K for additional segment information. 
 10 

Table of Contents 
 Steel Operations Segment 
 Steel operations consist of our EAF steel mills, producing steel from ferrous scrap and scrap substitutes, utilizing continuous casting, automated rolling mills and numerous steel coating and processing lines. Our steel operations sell directly to end-users, steel fabricators, and service centers. These products are used in numerous industry sectors, including the construction, automotive, manufacturing, transportation, heavy and agriculture equipment, and pipe and tube (including OCTG) markets. Our steel operations accounted for 65 , 72 and 74 of our consolidated net sales during 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. We currently are predominantly a domestic steel company, with exported sales representing 5 of our steel segment net sales during 2022, and 4 during 2021 and 2020. Our steel operations consist primarily of steelmaking and numerous coating operations. In 2022, we had approximately 9.4 million tons of flat roll steel annual shipping capacity. We have an additional 2.0 million tons of flat roll steel shipping capacity through The Techs and our Heartland Flat Roll Division, as well as distribution of metallic coated and pre-painted products through United Steel Supply (USS). We have annual flat roll galvanizing capability of 4.7 million tons and painting capability of 1.5 million tons. We also have approximately 4.6 million tons of long product steel capacity at our long products divisions. Capacities represent manufacturing capabilities based on steel mill configuration and related employee support. These capacities do not represent expected volumes in a given year. In addition, estimates of steel mill capacity are highly dependent on the specific product mix manufactured. Each of our steel mills can and do roll many different types and sizes of products; therefore, our capacity estimates assume a typical product mix. 
 11 

Table of Contents 
 The following chart summarizes our steel operations primary products and the estimated percentage of tons sold by end market: 
 12 

Table of Contents 
 SHEET STEEL PRODUCTS Our sheet steel products, consisting of hot rolled, cold rolled and coated steel products are currently produced by our Butler, Columbus, and Sinton Flat Roll Divisions, and our numerous downstream coating lines, including The Techs, Heartland Flat Roll Division, and USS (Steel Processing divisions). Our sheet steel operations represented 77 , 73 and 69 of steel operations net sales in 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. We produced 8.3 million tons of sheet steel at these facilities in 2022, including Sinton, and 7.6 million tons in 2021 and 2020. We shipped the following sheet steel products volumes at the following facilities (tons): 

2022 2021 2020 Butler, Columbus, and Sinton 6,771,141 5,868,734 5,889,735 Flat Roll divisions Steel Processing divisions 1,673,967 1,653,433 1,699,428 The following chart summarizes the types of sheet steel products sold by sales dollars, during the respective years, with cold rolled and coated products representing value-added products: Customers. Steel processors and service centers typically act as intermediaries between primary sheet steel producers and the many end-user manufacturers that require further processing of hot roll coils. The additional processing performed by the intermediate steel processors and service centers include pickling, galvanizing, cutting to length, slitting to size, leveling, blanking, shape correcting, edge rolling, shearing and stamping. We believe that our intermediate steel processor and service center customers will remain an integral part of our customer base. The Columbus and Sinton Flat Roll divisions allow us to capitalize on the industrial markets in the Southern United States and Mexico, as well as further expand our customer base in painted, line pipe and other pipe products. Galvanized flat rolled products produced by our Butler, Columbus, and Sinton Flat Roll divisions are similar and are sold to a similar customer base. The Techs and Heartland Flat Roll Division specialize in the galvanizing of specific types of flat roll steels in primarily non-automotive applications, servicing a variety of customers in the heating, ventilation and air conditioning (HVAC), construction, agriculture and consumer goods markets. USS adds a complementary distribution 
 13 

Table of Contents 
 channel for metallic coated and pre-painted flat roll steel coils to the roll-former market, serving the roofing and siding industry. This connects us to a rapidly growing industry sector with customers that do not historically purchase steel directly from a steel producer. USS provides continued growth to one of our highest-margin flat roll steel products. Our sheet steel operations also provide a substantial portion (51 in 2022) of the sheet steel utilized in our steel fabrication operations. The following chart summarizes the types of end customers who purchased our sheet steel products, by sales dollars, during the respective years: LONG PRODUCTS Our long steel products consist of a wide array of differentiating products produced by our four mills and Vulcan Threaded Products, Inc. (Vulcan), a downstream finishing operation. Structural and Rail Division produces a variety of parallel flange beams and channel sections, as well as flat bars and large unequal leg angles, and reinforcing bar including custom cut-to-length, smooth bar, and coiled. We also produce standard strength carbon, intermediate alloy hardness, and premium grade rails in 40 to 320 feet length for the railroad industry. Our state-of-the art heat treating system allows us to produce high quality premium rail, which has been certified by all Class I railroads. In addition, our rail-welding facility has the ability to weld (Continuous Welded Rail) in lengths up to 1,600 feet, which offers substantial savings to the railroads both in terms of initial capital cost and through reduced maintenance. We also utilize Structural and Rail Division s excess capacity to supply our Engineered Bar Products Division with pull-through volume of billets to utilize its excess rolling capacity. Engineered Bar Products Division produces a broad range of engineered special-bar-quality (SBQ), merchant-bar-quality (MBQ) and other engineered round steel bars. We also have a bar finishing facility, which provides various downstream finishing operations for SBQ steel bars, including turning, polishing, straightening, chamfering, precision saw-cutting, and heat-treating capabilities. Vulcan produces threaded rod product, and cold drawn and heat treated bar, creating strategic pull-through demand to our Engineered Bar Products Division s special-bar-quality products. 
 14 

Table of Contents 
 Roanoke Bar Division produces merchant products, including channels, angles, flats, merchant rounds, and reinforcing steel bar. Excess steel billet production is sold to mills without sufficient melting capacities, including our Steel of West Virginia facility. Our steel fabrication operations also purchase angles from Roanoke Bar Division. Steel of West Virginia produces a wide array of specialty shapes and light structural steel and frequently performs fabrication and finishing operations on those products, such as cutting to length, additional straightening, hole punching, shot blasting, welding, galvanizing, and coating. Through this array of products and additional finishing, we create custom finished products that are generally placed directly into our customers assembly operations. We shipped the following long products volumes at each of these facilities (tons): 

2022 2021 2020 Structural and Rail Division 1,865,405 1,933,433 1,663,915 Rail shipments (included above) 299,795 301,847 283,141 Engineered Bar Products Division 894,374 809,808 630,870 Roanoke Bar Division 589,449 595,879 505,387 Steel of West Virginia 363,832 356,353 328,998 Customers. The principal customers for our structural steel products are steel service centers, steel fabricators and various manufacturers. Service centers provide key distribution channels for the mills and value-add services to the end-user. A growing number of fabricators and end-users request to source some of their steel products directly from the mill. The steel rail marketplace in the United States, Canada and Mexico is specialized and defined, with eight Class I railroads and a large distribution network. SBQ products are principally consumed by cold finishers, forgers, intermediate processors, OEM manufacturers, steel service centers, and distributors, as well as pull-through volume to Vulcan. Our MBQ products are sold primarily to steel service centers, as well as reinforcing bar distributors, joist producers (such as our New Millennium Building Systems), and OEMs. Some of the excess steel billet production at the Roanoke Bar Division is sold to mills without sufficient melting capacities, including our Steel of West Virginia facility. Our steel fabrication operations also purchase angles from Roanoke Bar Division. Steel of West Virginia s customers are primarily OEMs producing solar panel structures, truck trailers, industrial lift trucks, merchant products, guardrail posts, manufactured housing, mining, and off-highway construction equipment. Steel of West Virginia s flexible manufacturing capabilities enable us to meet demand for a variety of custom-ordered and designed products. Many of these products are produced in small quantities for low volume end-uses resulting in a wide variety of customers, the largest of which are in the truck trailer and industrial lift truck industries. Steel Operations Segment Competition The markets in which we conduct business are highly competitive with an abundance of competition in the carbon steel industry from North American and foreign integrated and mini-mill steelmaking and processing operations. We compete in numerous industry sections, most significantly tied to the construction, automotive, and other manufacturing sectors. In many applications within these industry sections, steel competes with other materials, such as aluminum, cement, composites, plastics, carbon fiber, glass and wood. Some of our products are commodities, subject to their own cyclical fluctuations in supply and demand. However, we are focused on providing a broad range of diversified value-added products that de-emphasize commodity steel. The primary competitive influences on products we sell are price, quality and value-added services. 
 15 

Table of Contents 
 Metals Recycling Operations Segment Metals Recycling operations include both ferrous and nonferrous scrap metal processing, transportation, marketing, brokerage and scrap management services, strategically located primarily in close proximity to our steel mills and other end-user scrap consumers, throughout the United States, and Central and Northern Mexico. During 2022, we completed the acquisition of ROCA ACERO, S.A. de C.V. (ROCA), following the August 2020 acquisition of Zimmer, S.A. de C.V., both Mexican metals recycling companies, combined to do business as OmniSource Mexico, which is an important part of our raw material procurement strategy for Sinton. Our metals recycling operations accounted for 10 , 12 and 11 of our consolidated net sales during 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Export sales represented 14 , 11 and 10 of metals recycling segment net sales during 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. We shipped the following from our metals recycling operations: 

2022 2021 2020 Ferrous metal total (gross tons) 5,301,774 5,442,478 4,591,881 Shipments to our steel mills 3,475,662 3,574,668 3,184,451 Percent of total to our steel mills 66 66 69 Nonferrous metals (thousands of pounds) 1,053,852 1,093,472 977,882 We sell various grades of processed ferrous scrap primarily to steel mills and foundries. Ferrous scrap metal is the primary raw material for EAFs, including our steel mills. In addition, we sell various grades of nonferrous metals including copper, brass, aluminum, and stainless steel, to smelters, refineries, alloy manufacturers, specialty mills and other consumers. We purchase processed and unprocessed ferrous and nonferrous scrap metals, in a variety of forms for our metals recycling facilities. Ferrous scrap comes from two primary sources: Manufacturing industrial facilities, metal fabrication plants, and machine shops, which generate ferrous scrap referred to as prompt or industrial scrap, and Scrap dealers, retail individuals, auto wreckers, demolition firms and others who provide steel and iron scrap, referred to as obsolete scrap. Obsolete scrap includes scrap recycled from end-of-life items, such as automobiles, appliances, and machinery. 
 Nonferrous scrap comes from three primary sources: Manufacturers and other nonferrous scrap sources, which generate or sell scrap aluminum, copper, stainless steel, and other nonferrous metals, Producers of items such as electric wire, telecommunication service providers, aerospace, defense and recycling companies that generate nonferrous scrap consisting primarily of copper wire, aluminum beverage cans, and various other metals and alloys, and Retail transactions conducted with the general public who sell material directly to our facilities, collected from a variety of sources. 
 We do not purchase a significant amount of scrap metal from a single source or from a limited number of major sources. Market demand and the composition, quality, size, weight, and location of the materials are the primary factors that determine prices. 
 16 

Table of Contents 
 Products. Our metals recycling operations primarily involve the purchase, processing, and resale of ferrous and nonferrous scrap metals into reusable forms and grades. We process an array of ferrous products through a variety of methods, including sorting, shredding, shearing, cutting, and breaking. Our major ferrous products include heavy melting steel, busheling, bundled scrap, shredded scrap and other scrap metal products, such as steel turnings and cast iron. These products vary in properties or attributes related to cleanness, size of individual pieces, and residual alloys. The necessary characteristics of the ferrous products are determined by the specific needs and requirements of the consumer and affect the individual product s relative value. We process numerous grades of nonferrous products, including aluminum, brass, copper, stainless steel, and other nonferrous metals. Additionally, we provide transportation logistics (truck, rail, and river barge), marketing, brokerage, and scrap management services, providing competitive price and cost advantages to our suppliers and customers. We design, install, and manage customized scrap management programs for industrial manufacturing companies. Customers. We sell various grades of processed ferrous scrap to end-users, such as EAF steel mills, integrated steelmakers, foundries, secondary smelters, and metal brokers, who aggregate materials for other large users. Ferrous scrap metal is the primary raw material for EAFs, such as our steel mills. Most of our ferrous scrap customers purchase processed scrap through negotiated spot sales contracts which establish a quantity purchase for the month. The price we charge for ferrous scrap depends upon market demand, composition, quality, size, weight, and transportation costs, as well as the quality and grade of the scrap. We sell various grades of processed nonferrous scrap to end-users such as aluminum sheet and ingot manufacturers, brass and bronze ingot makers, copper refineries, mills, smelters, specialty steelmakers, alloy manufacturers, wire and cable producers, utilities, and telephone networks. The price we charge for nonferrous scrap also depends upon market demand and pricing, transportation costs, as well as the quality and grade of the scrap. Competition. Scrap is a global commodity influenced by conditions in a number of industrialized and emerging markets throughout Asia, Europe and North America. The markets for scrap metals are highly competitive, both in the purchase of raw or unprocessed scrap, and the sale of processed scrap. With regard to the purchase of unprocessed scrap, we compete with numerous independent recyclers, as well as smaller scrap companies engaged only in collecting obsolete scrap. In many cases, we also purchase unprocessed scrap metal from smaller scrap dealers and other processors. Successful procurement of materials is determined primarily by the price offered by the purchaser for the raw scrap and the proximity of our processing facility to the source of the raw scrap. Both ferrous and nonferrous scrap sell as a commodity in both domestic and international markets, which are affected, sometimes significantly, by relative economic conditions, currency fluctuations, and the availability and cost of transportation. Competition for sales of processed scrap is based primarily on the price, quality, and location of the scrap metals, as well as the level of service provided in terms of reliability and timing of delivery. We also face potential competition for sales of processed scrap from other producers of steel products, such as EAFs and integrated steel mills, some of which, like us, are also vertically connected in the scrap metals recycling business. In addition, other steel mills may compete with us in attempting to secure scrap supply through direct purchasing from our scrap suppliers. Scrap metal processors also face competition from substitutes for prepared ferrous scrap, such as pig iron, pelletized iron, hot briquetted iron (HBI), direct reduced iron (DRI), and other forms of processed iron. The industry is highly fragmented with many smaller, regional, national and global companies, which have multiple locations in areas in which our metals recycling operations also operate. No single scrap metals recycler has a significant market share in the domestic market. 
 17 

Table of Contents 

Steel Fabrication Operations Segment 
 Our steel fabrication operations include seven New Millennium Building Systems plants that primarily serve the non-residential construction industry throughout the United States. We have a national operating footprint that allows us to serve the entire domestic non-residential construction market, as well as national accounts, such as large retail chains and e-commerce distribution channels. Steel fabrication operations accounted for 19 , 10 , and 9 of our consolidated net sales during 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. We sold 856,000, 789,000, and 666,000 tons of joist and deck products during 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. Products. Our steel fabrication operations produce steel non-residential building components, including steel joists, trusses, girders, and steel deck. Our joist products include bowstring, arched, scissor, double-pitched and single-pitched joists. Our deck products include a full range of steel decking: roof, form, cellular, composite floor, specialty architectural, floor systems, and bridge deck. Customers and Markets . Our primary steel fabrication operations customers are non-residential steel fabricators, metal building companies, general construction contractors, developers, owners, brokers, governmental entities, and e-commerce data centers and warehouses. Our customers are located throughout the United States, including national accounts. Our steel fabrication operations maintain approximately one-third of the total domestic steel joist and deck market for bookings, of approximately 2.1 million tons, 3.6 million tons. and 2.4 million tons during 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Competition. We compete with other North American joist and steel deck producers primarily on the basis of price, quality, customer service, and proximity to the customer. Our national footprint allows us to service the entire domestic non-residential construction market, as well as national accounts such as large retail chains, including their distribution warehouse facilities, and certain specialty deck customers. 
 18 

Table of Contents 

Other Information 
 Sources, Availability, and Cost of Steel and Other Operations Raw Materials Scrap Metals. The principal raw material of our EAF steel operations is recycled ferrous scrap derived from, among other sources, home scrap , generated internally at our steel mills themselves; industrial scrap, generated as a by-product of manufacturing; obsolete scrap recycled from end-of-life automobiles, appliances, and machinery, and demolition scrap, recycled from obsolete structures, containers and machines. Recycled ferrous scrap typically comprises more than 80 of the metallic melt mix in EAF steelmaking, in contrast to integrated mill steelmaking, where the proportion of scrap has traditionally been approximately 25 to 35 . Depending upon the scrap substitute material that may be available from time to time, and the relative cost of such material, the percentage of scrap used in our steelmaking operations could be increased or reduced in our metallic melt mix. Many variables can impact ferrous scrap prices, all of which reflect the pushes and pulls of the supply demand equation. These factors include the level of domestic steel production (high quality low-residual scrap is a by-product of manufacturing activity), the level of exports of scrap from the United States, and the amount of obsolete scrap recycled. In addition, historical domestic ferrous scrap prices typically have a strong correlation and spread to global pig iron pricing. Generally, as domestic steel demand increases, so does scrap demand and resulting scrap prices. The reverse is also normally, but not always, true with scrap prices following steel prices downward when supply exceeds demand. When scrap prices greatly accelerate, this can challenge one of the principal elements of an EAF based steel mill s traditional lower cost structure the cost of its metallic raw material. Iron Units. In addition to scrap, pig iron, DRI, HBI, and internally sourced liquid pig iron are used in our EAF steel mill production. During 2022, 2021, and 2020 we consumed 12.0 million, 11.0 million, and 10.4 million tons, respectively, of metallic materials in our steelmaking furnaces, of which, iron units other than scrap, represented approximately 13 of the tons in 2022, 2021, and 2020. Energy Resources Electricity. Electricity is a significant input required in our EAF steel operations, representing approximately 4 of steel production costs of goods sold in 2022, 2021 and 2020. We have entered into fixed price electricity contracts for the Butler Flat Roll Division, Columbus Flat Roll Division, Roanoke Bar Division and Steel of West Virginia, while our Engineered Bar Products Division has a combination of fixed pricing and market pricing for the various components of the electrical services (demand charge, energy charge, riders, etc.). Our Sinton Flat Roll Division purchases electricity at current market prices. Our Structural and Rail Division purchases electricity at current market prices and through fixed price forward contracts. Research and Development Our research and development activities have consisted of efforts to expand, develop and improve our steel products and operating processes, such as our Sinton Flat Roll Division, and our efforts to develop and improve alternative ironmaking technologies. Most of these research and development efforts have been conducted in-house by our employees. 
 19 

Table of Contents 
 Environmental Matters Our operations are subject to substantial and evolving local, state, and federal environmental, health and safety laws and regulations concerning, among other things, emissions to the air, discharges to surface and ground water and to sewer systems, and the generation, handling, storage, transportation, treatment and disposal of solid and hazardous wastes and secondary materials. Our operations are dependent upon permits regulating discharges into the environment or the use and handling of by-products in order to operate our facilities. We dedicate considerable resources aimed at achieving compliance with federal, state and local laws concerning the environment. While we do not currently believe that our future compliance efforts with such provisions will have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, cash flows or financial condition, this is subject to change in the ever-evolving regulatory environment in which we operate. Since the interpretation and enforcement of environmental laws and regulations that may be enacted from time to time are subject to changing social or political pressures, our environmental capital expenditures and costs for environmental compliance may increase in the future. In addition, due to the possibility of unanticipated regulatory or other developments, the amount and timing of future environmental expenditures may vary substantially from those currently anticipated. The cost of current and future environmental compliance may also place our operations at a competitive disadvantage with respect to foreign producers, which may not be required to undertake equivalent costs in their operations. Pursuant to the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act (RCRA), which governs the treatment, handling and disposal of solid and hazardous wastes, the United States Environmental Protection Agency (United States EPA) and authorized state or local environmental agencies may conduct inspections to identify alleged violations or areas where there may have been releases of solid or hazardous constituents into the environment and require the facilities to pay penalties and/or take corrective action to address any such releases. RCRA also allows citizens in certain situations to bring suits against regulated facilities for potential damages and cleanup. Many of our facilities generate wastes subject to RCRA. Our operations produce various by-products, some of which, for example EAF dust, are often categorized as hazardous waste, requiring special handling for disposal or for the recovery of metallics. We collect by-products in pollution control equipment such as baghouses, and then recycle or appropriately dispose of the by-products. While we cannot predict the future actions of the regulators or other interested parties, the potential exists for required corrective action, the costs of which could be substantial. Under the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act, known as CERCLA or Superfund, the United States EPA, state agencies and, in some instances, private parties have the authority to impose joint and several liability for the remediation of contaminated properties upon generators of hazardous substances, current and former site owners and operators, transporters and other potentially responsible parties, regardless of fault or the legality of the original disposal activity. Many states have statutes and regulatory authorities similar to CERCLA that can also apply. We have a number of material handling agreements with various contractors to properly dispose of or recycle our EAF dust and certain other by-products of our operations. However, we cannot assure that, even if there has been no fault by us, we may not still be cited as a hazardous substances generator by reason of an environmental cleanup at one of our facilities or a site to which our by-products were transported. The Clean Water Act and similar state and local laws apply to aspects of our operations and impose regulatory restrictions related to the discharge of wastewater, storm water and dredged or fill material. The United States EPA, state agencies and, in certain instances, private parties have the ability to bring suit alleging violations and seeking penalties and injunctive relief. The Clean Water Act s provisions can also require new or expanded water treatment investments to be made and can limit or even prohibit certain current or planned activities at our operations. The Clean Air Act and analogous state and local laws require many of our facilities to obtain and maintain air permits in order to operate. Air permits can impose new or expanded obligations to limit or prevent current or future emissions and to add costly pollution control equipment. Enforcement for alleged violations can be brought by the United States EPA, state agencies, and in certain instances private parties, and can result in penalties and injunctive relief. 
 20 

Table of Contents 
 In addition, there are a number of other environmental, health and safety laws and regulations that apply to our facilities and may affect our operations. By way of example and not of limitation, certain portions of the federal Toxic Substances Control Act, Oil Pollution Act, Safe Drinking Water Act and Emergency Planning and Community Right-to-Know Act, as well as state and local laws and regulations implemented by the regulatory agencies, apply to aspects of our facilities operations. Our current and planned operations in Mexico are similarly subject to federal, state and local environmental requirements applicable to those operations. In some instances, we may also be subject to other foreign governments regulations and international treaties and laws. Many of these laws allow both the governments and citizens in certain situations to bring suits against regulated facilities for alleged environmental violations. Finally, our operations could in certain situations be subject to toxic tort suits brought by citizens or other third parties alleging causes of action such as nuisance, negligence, trespass, infliction of emotional distress, or other claims alleging personal injury, property damage, or other harms. Available Information Our internet website address is www.steeldynamics.com . We make available on our internet website, under Investors, free of charge, as soon as reasonably practicable after such materials are electronically filed with, or furnished to, the Securities and Exchange Commission, our Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K and amendments to those reports, as well as press releases, ownership reports pursuant to Section 16(a) of the Securities Act of 1933, our Code of Ethics for Principal Executive Officers and Senior Financial Officers, our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, and any amendments thereto or waivers thereof, as well as our Audit, Compensation, and Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee Charters. The contents of our or any other website are not incorporated into this report. 
 21 

Table of Contents 
 ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS Many factors may have an effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. We are subject to various risks resulting from changing economic, environmental, regulatory, political, industry, business and financial conditions. The factors described below are some of the risks that could materially negatively impact us. Global and National Risks Related to our Business Our industry, as well as the industries of many of our customers and suppliers upon whom we are dependent, is affected by domestic and global economic factors including periods of slower than anticipated economic growth and the risk of a recession. Our financial results are substantially dependent not only upon overall economic conditions in the United States and globally, including North America, Europe and in Asia, but also as they may affect one or more of the industries upon which we depend for the sale of our products. Global or domestic actions or conditions, including political actions, trade policies or restrictions, such as the United States-Mexico-Canada Agreement (USMCA), proposed or actual changes in tax laws, such as those introduced, proposed or actual regulation, such as those related to the environment, increasing interest rates, terrorism, acts of war or hostility, natural disasters, or pandemics, epidemics, widespread illness or other health issues, such as COVID-19 or its variants, could result in changing economic conditions in the United States and globally, disruptions to or slowdowns in our business, our supply chain, or our global or domestic industry, or those of our customers or suppliers upon whom we are dependent. Additionally, periods of slower than anticipated economic growth could reduce customer confidence and adversely affect demand for our products and further adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. Metals industries have historically been vulnerable to significant declines in consumption and product pricing during periods of economic downturn or continued uncertainty, including the pace of domestic non-residential construction activity. Our business is also dependent upon certain industries, such as construction, automotive, manufacturing, transportation, heavy and agriculture equipment, and pipe and tube (including OCTG) markets, and these industries are also cyclical in nature and have recently experienced supply chain disruptions. Therefore, these industries may experience their own fluctuations in demand for our products based on such things as economic conditions, interest rates, supply chain disruptions, raw material and energy costs, consumer demand, the rate of inflation and infrastructure funding decisions by governments. Many of these factors are beyond our control. As a result of volatility in our industry or in the industries we serve, we may have difficulty increasing or maintaining our level of sales or profitability. A downturn in our industry or the industries we serve may adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. A prospective decline in consumer and business confidence and spending, which is often coupled with reductions in the availability of credit or increased cost of credit and interest rates, as well as volatility in the capital and credit markets, may adversely affect the business and economic environment in which we operate and the profitability of our business. We are also exposed to risks associated with the creditworthiness of our customers and suppliers, which during times of increased interest rates can be intensified. If the availability of credit to fund or support the continuation and expansion of our customers business operations is curtailed or if the cost of that credit is increased, the resulting inability of our customers or of their customers to either access credit or absorb the increased cost of that credit may adversely affect our business by reducing our sales or by increasing our exposure to losses from uncollectible customer accounts. A disruption of the credit markets could also result in financial instability of some of our customers and suppliers. The consequences of such adverse effects could include the interruption of production at the facilities of our customers, the reduction, delay or cancellation of customer orders, delays or interruptions of the supply of raw materials we purchase, and bankruptcy of customers, suppliers or other creditors. Any of these events may adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 
 22 

Table of Contents 
 Global steelmaking overcapacity and imports of steel into the United States may adversely affect United States steel prices, which, together with increased scrap prices, may adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. Global steelmaking capacity currently exceeds global consumption of steel products, which adversely affects United States and global steel prices. Such excess capacity sometimes results in steel manufacturers in certain countries exporting steel and steel products, including pre-fabricated long product steel, at prices that are lower than prevailing domestic prices, and sometimes at or below their cost of production. Excessive imports of steel and steel products, including pre-fabricated steel, into the United States, may exert downward pressure on United States steel and steel products prices, which adversely affects our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. Fluctuations in the value of the dollar can also affect imports, as a strong United States dollar makes imported products less expensive, potentially resulting in more imports of steel products into the United States by our foreign competitors. Furthermore, recent additions of domestic steel capacity as well as anticipated additional domestic steel capacity could increase this global overcapacity. This, in turn, has led to and may further lead to increased domestic demand for ferrous scrap resulting in increased scrap prices. Our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows are driven primarily from the metal spread achieved from the price we sell steel and steel products compared to the price of our metallic raw materials, including scrap. During prolonged periods of steel and steel products overcapacity, leading to lower selling prices, combined with high demand for scrap and raw materials, leading to higher buying prices, our metal spreads could be compressed, which may adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. United States steel producers compete with many foreign producers, including those in China, Vietnam and other Asian and European countries. Competition from foreign producers is typically strong and is periodically exacerbated by weakening of the economies of certain foreign steelmaking countries, at times due to imports of steel involving dumping and subsidy abuses by foreign steel producers. Some foreign steel producers are owned, controlled or subsidized by foreign governments. As a result, decisions by these producers with respect to their production, sales and pricing are sometimes influenced to a greater degree by political and economic policy considerations than by prevailing market conditions, realities of the marketplace or consideration of profit or loss. Additionally, low iron ore prices, resulting in disruption of the scrap price correlation to iron ore, leads to reduced global costs to produce steel, further depressing steel import prices. A higher volume of steel imports into the United States tends to occur at depressed prices when foreign steelmaking countries experience periods of economic difficulty, decreased demand for steel products or excess capacity. The global steelmaking overcapacity is exacerbated by Chinese steel production capacity that far exceeds that country s demand and has made China a major global exporter of steel, resulting in weakened global steel pricing than otherwise would be expected. While measures to curb unfair trade such as tariffs, duties or quotas, and the renegotiation of trade agreements with other countries, including the USMCA, have decreased the volume of steel and steel products imports, domestic steel and steel products prices remain negatively impacted by excessive imports of steel and steel products. Should current tariffs, duties or quotas expire or be relaxed, repealed or circumvented by importers of steel and steel products, or should trade agreements be renegotiated, downward pressure may be exerted on United States steel and steel products prices, which may adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. Pandemics, epidemics, widespread illness or other health issues, such as COVID-19 or its variants, may adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition, cash flows, liquidity, and stock price. Pandemics, epidemics, widespread illness or other health issues, such as a resurgence of COVID-19 or its variants, may adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition, cash flows, liquidity and stock price. Government actions globally, including United States federal and state governmental actions, related to COVID-19 and its variants have impacted and may further impact demand for our products, our supply chain, and our employees. The response to COVID-19 has adversely affected and may continue to adversely affect us and the economy generally, as a result of, among other things, labor shortages, supply chain disruptions, inflation and rising interest rates. 
 23 

Table of Contents 
 Additionally, while our operations have not been curtailed, virus variants that are more contagious or more severe could reduce demand for our products and thus, reduce the productivity of our operations and adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. We or certain of our customers and suppliers have and may continue to experience supply chain disruptions, which may adversely affect our operations. Reduced demand for our products or raw material supply availability due to shutdowns or slowdowns in businesses may further adversely affect our volumes and margins, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. Industry Risks Related to our Business Our level of production and our sales and earnings are subject to significant fluctuations as a result of the cyclical nature of the steel industry and some of the industries we serve. The steel manufacturing business is cyclical in nature, and the selling price of the steel we make may fluctuate significantly due to many factors beyond our control. Furthermore, a number of our products are commodities, subject to their own cyclical fluctuations in supply and demand in both metal consuming and metal generating industries, including the construction and manufacturing industries. The timing, magnitude and duration of these cycles and the resulting price fluctuations are difficult to predict. The sale of our manufactured steel products is directly affected by demand for our products in other cyclical industries, such as construction, automotive, manufacturing, transportation, heavy and agriculture equipment, and pipe and tube (including OCTG) markets. Economic difficulties, stagnant or slow global economies, supply/demand imbalances, supply chain disruptions, periods of heightened inflation or increased interest rates, and currency fluctuations in the United States or globally may decrease the demand for our products or increase the amount of imports of steel into the United States, which may decrease our sales, margins and profitability. Volatility and major fluctuations in prices and availability of scrap metal, scrap substitutes, and supplies, and our potential inability to pass higher costs on to our customers, may constrain operating levels and reduce profit margins. Steel producers require large amounts of raw materials, including ferrous scrap metal and scrap substitute products such as pig iron, pelletized iron and other supplies such as zinc, graphite electrodes and ferroalloys. The principal raw material of our EAF steel operations is recycled ferrous scrap derived from, among other sources, home scrap , generated internally at steel mills themselves, industrial scrap, generated as a by-product of manufacturing, obsolete scrap, recycled from end-of-life automobiles, appliances, and machinery, and demolition scrap, recycled from obsolete structures, containers and machines. The prices for scrap are subject to market forces largely beyond our control, including demand by United States and foreign steel producers of which there has been recent capacity additions and expected further additions, freight costs and speculation. The scrap metal recycling industry has historically been, and is expected to remain, highly cyclical and the prices for scrap have varied significantly in the past, may vary significantly in the future and do not necessarily fluctuate in tandem with the price of steel. Moreover, some of our integrated steel producer competitors are not as dependent as we are on ferrous scrap as a part of their raw material melt mix, which, during periods of high scrap costs relative to the cost of blast furnace iron used by the integrated producers, give them a raw material cost advantage over EAF mills. However, given environmental considerations of investors, customers and regulators, additional EAF mills may be constructed, leading to increased demand in ferrous scrap possibly resulting in higher scrap prices. While our vertical integration into the metals recycling business and our liquid pig-iron operations are expected to enable us to continue being a cost-effective supplier to our own steelmaking operations, for some of our metallics requirements, we still rely on other metallics and raw material suppliers, as well as upon general industry supply conditions for the balance of our needs. The availability and prices of raw materials and supplies, particularly those with positive environmental attributes, may also be negatively affected by new, existing, or changing laws, regulations, sanctions or embargoes, including those that may impose output limitations or higher costs associated with climate change or GHG allocation by suppliers, interruptions in production, accidents or natural disasters, changes in exchange rates, global price fluctuations, the availability and cost of transportation, and competing uses, all of which may be heighted during times of war or hostilities, including those occurring in Eastern Europe as it relates to global pig iron supply. As a major producer of galvanized steel products, we purchase and consume a large amount of zinc, which if purchased at high prices, may adversely affect our profit margins. Any inability to secure a consistent, cost-effective and timely supply of our raw materials and supplies may adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 24 

Table of Contents 
 Additionally, our inability to pass on all or any substantial part of any cost increases, whether due to positive environmental attributes, inflation, supply and demand imbalances, or otherwise, or to provide for our customers needs because of the potential unavailability of raw materials, supplies or required environmental attributes, may result in production slowdowns or curtailments or may otherwise adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. The cost and availability of electricity, natural gas, oil and other energy resources are subject to volatile market conditions. We consume large amounts of energy to melt scrap, reheat semi-finished products for rolling into finished products and perform other steps necessary to our production process. We rely on third parties for the supply of energy resources we require in our production activities. The prices for and availability of electricity, natural gas, oil and other energy resources, including renewable or other clean energy sources, are subject to regulation and volatile market conditions, often affected by weather conditions as well as political, environmental and economic factors beyond our control. As large consumers of electricity and natural gas, we must have dependable delivery in order to operate. Accordingly, we are at risk in the event of an energy disruption, including power outages, power unavailability or inability to obtain power with sufficient desired environmental attributes. Prolonged blackouts or curtailments or disruptions caused by natural disasters or by political or environmental considerations would substantially disrupt our production. Since a significant portion of our finished products are delivered by truck, unforeseen fluctuations in the price of fuel would also adversely affect our costs or the costs of many of our customers. Increased environmental, GHG emissions and sustainability considerations from our customers or related regulations could affect demand for our products and add significant costs. Customers, investors and regulators have increased their focus on the environment, GHG emissions and sustainability. We are committed to the environment and sustainability. In 2021, we announced that we are taking further action to reduce our environmental footprint through our 2025, 2030, and 2050 goals for GHG emission reduction and increased renewable energy usage. We believe that achievement of these goals will comport with expectations of our customers and investors, but certain customers and investors may have differing requirements. To achieve these goals, our operational costs may increase and we have had and will continue to have additional capital expenditures, some of which we may not be able to pass along to our customers. Any failure to timely meet these goals, or other requirements of customers or investors, may have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and stock price. Additionally, governmental agencies, regulators, investors or other groups may introduce, request or require environmental monitoring, disclosures or regulations in response to the potential impacts of climate change. International treaties or agreements may also result in increasing regulation of GHG emissions, including the introduction of carbon emissions limitations or trading mechanisms. Any such regulation or disclosure requirement could impose significant costs on our operations and on the operations of our customers and suppliers, including increased energy, capital equipment, emissions controls, environmental monitoring and reporting and other costs in order to comply with current or future laws, regulations or demands concerning the environment, climate change, GHG emissions and sustainability. Any adopted future regulations could negatively impact our ability, and that of our customers and suppliers, to compete with companies situated in areas not subject to or not complying with such limitations, or could affect our environmental disclosures for any allowances, offsets or credits. We may see an increase in costs relating to our assets that emit GHGs as a result of these initiatives, which may impact our operations directly or through our customers and suppliers. Until the timing, scope and extent of any future regulation becomes known, we cannot predict the effect on our financial condition, operating performance and ability to compete. Compliance with and changes in environmental and remediation requirements may result in substantially increased capital requirements and operating costs. Existing laws or regulations, as currently interpreted or as may be interpreted in the future, as well as future laws or regulations, may adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. 
 25 

Table of Contents 
 We are subject to numerous local, state, federal and international statutory and regulatory environmental requirements relating to, among other things: the generation, storage, treatment, handling and disposal of solid and hazardous waste and secondary materials; the discharge of materials into the air, including periodic changes to the National Ambient Air Quality Standards and to emission standards; the management, treatment and discharge of wastewater and storm water; the use and treatment of groundwater; the remediation of soil and groundwater contamination; climate change legislation or regulation; the need for and the ability to timely obtain air, water or other environmental permits; the timely reporting of certain chemical usage, content, storage and releases; the remediation and reclamation of land used in our operations; natural resource protections; and the protection of our employees health and safety. Compliance with environmental laws and regulations, which affect our EAF steelmaking, metals recycling, liquid pig-iron, and copper and aluminum production operations, is a significant factor in our business. We are required to obtain and comply with environmental permits and licenses, and failure to obtain or renew or the violation of any permit or license may result in substantial fines and penalties, capital expenditures, operational changes, suspension of operations and/or the closure of a subject facility. Similarly, delays, increased costs and/or the imposition of onerous conditions to the securing or renewal of permits may adversely affect these operations. Uncertainty regarding adequate pollution control levels, testing and sampling procedures, and new pollution control technology are factors that may increase our future compliance expenditures. We are unable to predict the ultimate cost of future compliance with environmental requirements or their effect on our operations. Although we strive to be in substantial compliance with all applicable laws and regulations, legal requirements frequently change and are subject to interpretation such that regulatory agencies may bring enforcement actions for alleged noncompliance. Private parties might also bring claims against us under citizen suit provisions and/or for property damage or personal injury allegedly resulting from our operations. New laws, regulations and changing interpretations by regulatory authorities, together with uncertainty regarding the application of existing requirements, are among the factors that may increase our future expenditures to comply with environmental requirements. The cost of complying with existing laws or regulations as currently interpreted or reinterpreted in the future, or with future laws or regulations, may adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. Our operations produce significant amounts of by-products, some of which are handled as solid or hazardous waste or as hazardous secondary materials. For example, our steel mills generate EAF dust, which the United States Environmental Protection Agency (United States EPA) and other regulatory authorities classify as hazardous waste and regulate accordingly unless recycled in an exempt manner. In addition, the feed materials for the shredders operated by our metals recycling operations include automobile bodies. A portion of the feed materials consist of currently unrecyclable material known as shredder residue. If laws or regulations or the interpretation of the laws or regulations change with regard to EAF dust or shredder residue or other by-products created by our operations, we may incur significant additional expenditures. 
 26 

Table of Contents 
 Federal and state environmental laws enable federal and state agencies and certain private parties to recover from owners, operators, generators and transporters the cost of investigation and cleanup of sites at which wastes or hazardous substances were disposed and/or migrated. In connection with these laws, we may be required to clean up contamination discovered at our sites including contamination that may have been caused by former owners or operators of the sites, to conduct additional cleanup at sites that have already had some cleanup performed, to address emerging and newly-regulated contaminants such as per- and polyfluoroalkyl substances (PFAS) and 1,4-dioxane, and/or to perform cleanup with regard to sites formerly used in connection with our operations. In addition, we may be required to pay for, or to pay a portion of, the costs of cleanup at sites to which we sent materials for disposal or recycling, notwithstanding that the original disposal or recycling activity may have complied with all regulatory requirements then in effect. Under certain laws, a party can be held jointly and severally liable for all of the cleanup costs associated with a disposal site. In practice, a liable party often splits the costs of cleanup with other potentially responsible parties. We have received notices from the United States EPA, state agencies and third parties that we have been identified as potentially responsible for the costs of investigating and cleaning up a number of disposal sites. In most cases, many other parties are also named as potentially responsible parties and also contribute to payment of those costs. Because cleanup liability can in some cases be imposed retroactively on activities that occurred many years ago, and because federal and state agencies are still discovering sites that pose a threat to public health or the environment, we can provide no assurance that we will not become liable for significant costs associated with investigation and remediation of cleanup sites. Operational and Commercial Risks Related to our Business We may face significant price and other forms of competition from other steel and aluminum producers, scrap processors and alternative materials, which may adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. The global markets in which steel companies and scrap processors conduct business are highly competitive and became even more so due to consolidations in the steel and scrap industries. Additionally, in many applications, steel competes with other materials, such as aluminum, cement, composites, plastics, carbon fiber, glass and wood. Increased use of alternative materials for any reason, including as a response to regulations or customer demands, could decrease demand for steel or force other steel producers into new products or markets that compete more directly with us, and combined with increased competition could cause us to lose market share, increase expenditures or reduce pricing, any one of which may adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Additionally, during 2022 we announced our planned project to construct and operate a recycled aluminum flat roll mill with an anticipated annual production capacity of 650,000 tonnes of finished products to be located in Columbus, Mississippi, with two supporting satellite recycling aluminum slab centers. Although we anticipate being able to effectively compete in the aluminum industry, along with the other risks described herein, we may face unexpected and enhanced competition, which may adversely affect the expected contributions of our aluminum operations and our resulting business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 27 

Table of Contents 
 Availability of an adequate source of supply of scrap is required for our metals recycling operations. We procure our scrap inventory from numerous sources. These suppliers generally are not bound by long-term contracts and generally have no obligation to sell recyclable metal to us. In periods of low industry scrap prices, scrap suppliers may elect to hold recyclable metal to wait for higher prices or intentionally slow their metal collection activities. If a substantial number of scrap suppliers cease selling recyclable metal to us, we may be unable to recycle metal at desired levels which may adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. In addition, a slowdown of industrial production in the United States reduces the supply of industrial grades of metal to the metals recycling industry, resulting in our having less recyclable metal available to process and sell. Further, additional EAF steel mill construction could increase the demand for scrap, potentially resulting in higher scrap prices or periods of decreased scrap supply. Any inability to secure scrap for our EAF steel mills could adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. We are subject to cybersecurity threats and may face risks to the security of our sensitive data and information technology which may adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. Increased global cybersecurity and information technology security requirements, vulnerabilities and threats and a rise in sophisticated and targeted cybercrime, all of which may be heightened during times of war or hostilities, pose a risk to the security and functionality of our systems and information networks, and to the confidentiality, availability and integrity of sensitive data, including intellectual property, proprietary information, financial information, customer and supplier information, and personally identifiable information. Additionally, such cybersecurity vulnerabilities or attacks could result in an interruption of the functionality of our automated and electronically controlled manufacturing operating systems, which, if compromised, could cease, threaten, delay or slow down our ability to melt, roll or otherwise process steel or any of our other products for the duration of such interruption. Our customers and suppliers may also store certain of our sensitive information on their information technology systems, which if breached or attacked, could likewise expose our sensitive information. Similarly, information system vendors and software suppliers may experience a cybersecurity or information technology breach that exposes our systems or sensitive data. Any of these cybersecurity and information technology breaches or disruptions may result in reputational harm and may adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. Although we believe we have adopted procedures, training programs, and controls to adequately protect our sensitive data, networks and information and operating technology and systems, there can be no assurance that a system or network failure, or cybersecurity breach or attack, will be prevented, whether due to attacks by cyber criminals or due to employee, contractor or other error or malfeasance. This could lead to system interruption, production delays or downtimes and operational disruptions, and the disclosure, modification or destruction of sensitive data, which may adversely affect our reputation, customer and supplier relationships, financial results and results of operations, and could result in litigation or regulatory investigations, actions, fines or penalties, as well as increased cybersecurity monitoring and protection costs, including the cost or availability of insurance. Additionally, as cybersecurity threats continue to evolve and become more sophisticated, we may need to invest additional time, resources and finances to protect the security of our sensitive data, systems and information networks. We maintain an information security risk insurance policy to mitigate the impact of cybersecurity threats. We did not experience any material information security breaches or third-party information security breaches during 2022, 2021, or 2020 and we did not incur any net expenses from information security breach penalties and settlements during 2022, 2021, or 2020. 
 28 

Table of Contents 
 We may face risks associated with the implementation of our growth strategy. Our growth strategy subjects us to various risks. As part of our growth strategy, we may expand existing facilities, enter into new business lines, products or process initiatives, acquire or build additional plants, acquire other businesses and assets, enter into joint ventures, or form strategic alliances that we believe will complement our existing business. These expansions and transactions, including our announced planned recycled aluminum flat roll mill with an anticipated annual production capacity of 650,000 tonnes of finished products to be located in Columbus, Mississippi, may involve some or all of the following risks: the risk of entering business lines or product, domestic, or foreign markets, in which we have little experience, including the aluminum industry; the risk of a newly constructed facility being completed over budget or not on time, including due to equipment delays or labor shortages; the risk of not being able to adequately obtain sufficient labor to efficiently build or staff a new facility; the risk of expected markets, products, customers and demand for products produced by a new facility being lower than expected; the risk of new product development, technology development or customer acquisition and penetration being more costly or difficult than expected; the difficulty of competing for acquisitions and other growth opportunities with companies having materially greater financial resources than us; the inability to realize anticipated synergies or other expected benefits; the difficulty of integrating new or acquired operations and personnel into our existing operations; the potential disruption of ongoing operations; the diversion of financial resources or management attention to new operations or acquired businesses; the loss of key employees, customers or suppliers of acquired businesses; the potential exposure to unknown liabilities; the inability of management to maintain uniform standards, controls, procedures and policies; the difficulty of managing the growth of a larger company; the risk of becoming involved in labor, commercial, or regulatory disputes or litigation related to the new operations or acquired businesses; the risk of becoming more highly leveraged; the risk of contractual or operational liability to other venture participants or to third parties as a result of our participation; the inability to work efficiently with joint venture or strategic alliance partners; and the difficulties of terminating joint ventures or strategic alliances. 
 29 

Table of Contents 
 As our Sinton Flat Roll Division ramps up, we have faced and could continue to face start-up inefficiencies. Delays in achieving full operational capacity may adversely affect our prospects, business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. These expansions or transactions might be required for us to remain competitive, but we may not be able to complete any such expansions or transactions on favorable terms or obtain financing, if necessary. Future expansions and transactions may not improve our competitive position and business prospects as anticipated, and if they do not, our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows may be adversely affected. We are subject to litigation and legal compliance risks which may adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations and liquidity. We are involved from time to time in various litigation matters, including administrative proceedings, regulatory proceedings, governmental investigations, environmental matters, and commercial and construction contract disputes, none of which at the present time are expected to have a material impact on our financial conditions, results of operations or liquidity. For additional information regarding legal proceedings please refer to Item 3. Legal Proceedings . In addition to risks associated with our environmental and other regulatory compliance, our international operations are subject to complex foreign and United States laws and regulations, including the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and other anti-bribery laws, regulations related to import-export controls, the Office of Foreign Assets Control, and other laws and regulations, each of which may increase our cost of doing business and expose us to increased risk. Unexpected equipment downtime or shutdowns may adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Interruptions in our production capabilities may adversely affect our production costs, products available for sale and earnings during the affected period. In addition to equipment failures, our facilities are subject to the risk of catastrophic loss due to unanticipated events such as fires, explosions or violent weather conditions. Our manufacturing processes are dependent upon critical pieces of steelmaking equipment, such as our EAFs, continuous casters and rolling equipment, some of which are controlled by our information technology systems, as well as electrical equipment, such as transformers. This equipment may, on occasion, be out of service as a result of unanticipated failures or other events, including equipment failure, power surges, cybersecurity breaches or attacks or system failures. Further, we have experienced and may continue to experience start-up inefficiencies at our Sinton Flat Roll Division. We have experienced and in the future may experience plant shutdowns or periods of reduced production as a result of equipment failures or other events. Supply chain disruptions and labor shortages have and may continue to exacerbate the effects of equipment failures. These disruptions may adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Governmental agencies may refuse to grant or renew some of our licenses and permits required to operate our businesses. Some of our operations must receive licenses and air, water and other permits and approvals from federal, state and local governments to conduct certain of our operations or to build, expand or acquire new facilities. Governmental agencies, non-governmental organizations, and members of the public sometimes resist the establishment of certain types of facilities in their communities. There can be no assurance that future approvals, licenses and permits will be granted or that we will be able to maintain and renew the approvals, licenses and permits we currently hold. Failure to do so may adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 30 

Table of Contents 
 Our senior unsecured credit facility contains, and any future financing agreements may contain, restrictive covenants that may limit our flexibility. Restrictions and covenants in our existing debt agreements, including our senior unsecured credit facility, and any future financing agreements, may impair our ability to finance future operations or capital needs or to engage in other business activities. A breach of any of the restrictions or covenants could cause a default under our senior unsecured credit facility, our senior notes, or our other debt. A significant portion of our indebtedness may then become immediately due and payable. Under our senior unsecured credit facility, we are required to maintain certain financial covenants. Our ability to meet such covenants or other restrictions can be affected by events beyond our control. If a default were to occur, the lenders could elect to declare all amounts then outstanding to be immediately due and payable and terminate all commitments to extend further credit. Impairment charges may adversely affect our results of operations. Occasionally, assumptions that we have made regarding products or businesses we have acquired or sought to develop, about the sustainability of markets we sought to exploit, or about industry conditions that underlie our decision making when we elected to capitalize a venture turn out differently than anticipated. In such instances, the fair value of such assets may fall below their carrying value recorded on our balance sheet. Accordingly, we periodically test goodwill, long-lived tangible and intangible assets and right of use assets to determine whether their estimated fair value is in fact less than their value recorded on our balance sheet. If we determine that the fair value of any of these assets, from whatever cause, is less than the value recorded on our balance sheet, we are required to incur non-cash asset impairment charges that adversely affect our results of operations. There can be no assurances that market dynamics or other factors may not result in future impairment charges. ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS None. 
 31 

Table of Contents 
 ITEM 2. PROPERTIES The following table describes our significant properties as of December 31, 2022. These properties are owned by us, and not subject to any significant encumbrances, or are leased by us. We believe these properties are suitable and adequate for our current operations and are appropriately utilized. For additional information regarding our significant facilities please refer to Item 1. Business. 

Site Site Acreage Acreage Operations Location Description Owned Leased Steel Operations Segment Butler Flat Roll Division: Butler Operations Butler, IN Flat Roll Steel Mill and Coating Facility 993 Jeffersonville Operations Jeffersonville, IN Flat Roll Steel Coating Facility 27 10 Iron Dynamics Butler, IN Liquid Ironmaking Facility 25 Columbus Flat Roll Division Columbus, MS Flat Roll Steel Mill and Coating Facility 1,387 Sinton Flat Roll Division Sinton, TX Flat Roll Steel Mill and Coating Facility 2,487 The Techs Pittsburgh, PA Flat Roll Steel Coating Facilities 16 2 Heartland Flat Roll Division Terre Haute, IN Flat Roll Steel Cold-Rolling and Coating Facility 246 United Steel Supply IN, MS, OR, and TX Distributor of Painted Galvalume Flat Roll Steel 40 3 Structural and Rail Division Columbia City, IN Structural and Rail Steel Mill 814 Engineered Bar Products Division Pittsboro, IN Engineered Bar Steel Mill and Finishing Facility 312 Vulcan Threaded Products Pelham, AL Bar Steel Processing Facility 31 Roanoke Bar Division Roanoke, VA Merchant Bar Steel Mill 302 Steel of West Virginia WV, KY, and TN Specialty Shapes Steel Mill and Finishing 139 6 and Coating Facilities Metals Recycling Operations Segment OmniSource: Alabama Birmingham, AL Ferrous Scrap Processing 59 Indiana Multiple Cities Ferrous and Nonferrous Scrap Processing 456 26 Michigan Multiple Cities Ferrous and Nonferrous Scrap Processing 186 Mississippi Multiple Cities Ferrous and Nonferrous Scrap Processing 54 13 North Carolina Multiple Cities Ferrous and Nonferrous Scrap Processing 346 Ohio Multiple Cities Ferrous and Nonferrous Scrap Processing 212 21 Oklahoma Sand Springs, OK Ferrous Scrap Processing 10 Tennessee Multiple Cities Ferrous and Nonferrous Scrap Processing 65 Texas Multiple Cities Ferrous and Nonferrous Scrap Processing 75 Virginia Multiple Cities Ferrous and Nonferrous Scrap Processing 121 Mexico Multiple Cities Ferrous and Nonferrous Scrap Processing 70 Steel Fabrication Operations Segment New Millennium Building Systems: Joist and Deck Operations Butler, IN Steel Joist and Deck Fabrication Facility 156 Joist Operations Fallon, NV Steel Joist Fabrication Facility 53 Joist and Deck Operations Hope, AR Steel Joist and Deck Fabrication Facility 245 7 Joist Operations Juarez, MX Steel Joist Fabrication Facility 17 Joist and Deck Operations Lake City, FL Steel Joist and Deck Fabrication Facility 75 Deck Operations Memphis, TN Deck Fabrication Facility 19 Joist and Deck Operations Salem, VA Steel Joist and Deck Fabrication Facility 113 The company s corporate headquarters is in Fort Wayne, Indiana on 20 owned acres. Our copper rod and wire facility, a controlled subsidiary, is in New Haven, Indiana on 35 owned acres. Our 2022 steel mill production utilization was 92 of our estimated annual steelmaking capability, exclusive of Sinton which started up steel operations in 2022. ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS We are involved in various litigation matters, including administrative proceedings, regulatory proceedings, governmental investigations, environmental matters, and commercial and construction contract disputes, none of which are currently expected to have a material impact on our financial condition, results of operations, or liquidity. 
 32 

Table of Contents 
 We may also be involved from time to time in various governmental investigations, regulatory proceedings or judicial actions seeking penalties, injunctive relief, and/or remediation under federal, state and local environmental laws and regulations. The United States EPA has conducted such investigations and proceedings involving us, in some instances along with state environmental regulators, under various environmental laws, including RCRA, CERCLA, the Clean Water Act and the Clean Air Act. Some of these matters have resulted in fines or penalties, exclusive of interest and costs, which did not exceed 1 million in aggregate, as of December 31, 2022. ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES Information required to be furnished pursuant to Item 4 concerning mine safety disclosure matters by Section 1503(a) of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and Item 104 of Regulation S-K (17 CFR 229.104), is included in Exhibit 95 to this annual report. 
 33 

Table of Contents 
 PART II ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES The information required by Item 5 with respect to securities authorized for issuance under equity compensation plans is set forth in Part III, Item 12 of this Form 10-K. Our common stock trades on The NASDAQ Global Select Stock Market under the symbol STLD. As of February 21, 2023, we had 171,577,705 shares of common stock outstanding and held beneficially by approximately 23,700 stockholders based on our security position listing. Because many of the shares were held by depositories, brokers and other nominees, the number of registered holders (approximately 1,320) is not representative of the number of beneficial holders. Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities We purchased the following equity securities registered by us pursuant to Section 12 of the Exchange Act during the three months ended December 31, 2022. Period Total Number of Shares Purchased Average Price Paid per Share Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Program (1) Maximum Dollar Value of Shares That May Yet be Purchased Under the Program in thousands (1) Quarter ended December 31, 2022 October 1-31 1,493,698 83.68 1,493,698 120,501 November 1-30 1,419,306 99.35 1,419,306 1,479,496 December 1 - 31 1,402,142 104.85 1,402,142 1,332,506 4,315,146 4,315,146 

 (1) In February 2022, our board of directors authorized a share repurchase program of up to 1.25 billion of our common stock. This program was exhausted in November 2022. In November 2022, our board of directors authorized an additional share repurchase program of up to 1.5 billion of our common stock. 
 
 34 

Table of Contents 
 Total Return Graph On December 22, 2022, Steel Dynamics, Inc. was added to the S P 500. As such, we have added the S P 500 index to the comparison of 5 year cumulative total returns in the graph below. 
 35 

Table of Contents 
 ITEM 6. [RESERVED] 
 36 

Table of Contents 
 ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS Forward-Looking Statements This report contains some predictive statements about future events, including statements related to conditions in domestic or global economies, conditions in steel, aluminum, and recycled metals market places, Steel Dynamics revenues, costs of purchased materials, future profitability and earnings, and the operation of new, existing or planned facilities. These statements, which we generally precede or accompany by such typical conditional words as anticipate , intend , believe , estimate , plan , seek , project , or expect , or by the words may , will , or should , are intended to be made as forward-looking , subject to many risks and uncertainties, within the safe harbor protections of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements speak only as of this date and are based upon information and assumptions, which we consider reasonable as of this date, concerning our businesses and the environments in which they operate. Such predictive statements are not guarantees of future performance, and we undertake no duty to update or revise any such statements. Some factors that could cause such forward-looking statements to turn out differently than anticipated include: (1) domestic and global economic factors; (2) global steelmaking overcapacity and imports of steel, together with increased scrap prices; (3) pandemics, epidemics, widespread illness or other health issues, such as COVID-19 or its variants; (4) the cyclical nature of the steel industry and the industries we serve; (5) volatility and major fluctuations in prices and availability of scrap metal, scrap substitutes and supplies, and our potential inability to pass higher costs on to our customers; (6) cost and availability of electricity, natural gas, oil, or other energy resources are subject to volatile market conditions; (7) increased environmental, greenhouse gas emissions and sustainability considerations or regulations; (8) compliance with and changes in environmental and remediation requirements; (9) significant price and other forms of competition from other steel and aluminum producers, scrap processors and alternative materials; (10) availability of an adequate source of supply of scrap for our metals recycling operations; (11) cybersecurity threats and risks to the security of our sensitive data and information technology; (12) the implementation of our growth strategy; (13) litigation and legal compliance; (14) unexpected equipment downtime or shutdowns; (15) governmental agencies may refuse to grant or renew some of our licenses and permits; (16) our senior unsecured credit facility contains, and any future financing agreements may contain, restrictive covenants that may limit our flexibility; and (17) the impacts of impairment charges. More specifically, we refer you to our more detailed explanation of these and other factors and risks that may cause such predictive statements to turn out differently, as set forth in the sections titled Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements at the beginning of Part I of this Report and Item 1A. Risk Factors , as well as in other subsequent reports we file with the Securities and Exchange Commission. These reports are available publicly on the Securities and Exchange Commission website, www.sec.gov , and on our website, www.steeldynamics.com under Investors SEC Filings. Operating Statement Classifications Net Sales . Net sales from our operations are a factor of volumes shipped, product mix and related pricing. We charge premium prices for certain grades of steel, product dimensions, certain smaller volumes, and for value-added processing or coating of our steel products. Except for the steel fabrication operations, we recognize revenues from sales and the allowance for estimated returns and claims from these sales at the point in time control of the product transfers to the customer, upon shipment or delivery. Our steel fabrication operations recognize revenues over time based on completed fabricated tons to date as a percentage of total tons required for each contract. Costs of Goods Sold . Our costs of goods sold represent all direct and indirect costs associated with the manufacture of our products. The principal elements of these costs are scrap and scrap substitutes (which represent the most significant single component of our consolidated costs of goods sold), steel substrate, direct and indirect labor and related benefits, alloys, zinc, transportation and freight, repairs and maintenance, utilities such as electricity and natural gas, and depreciation. 
 37 

Table of Contents 
 Selling, General and Administrative Expenses . Selling, general and administrative expenses consist of all costs associated with our sales, finance and accounting, and administrative departments, including, among other items, labor and related benefits, and professional services. Companywide profit sharing and amortization of intangible assets are each separately presented in the statement of income. Interest Expense, net of Capitalized Interest . Interest expense consists of interest associated with our senior credit facilities and other debt, net of interest costs that are required to be capitalized during the construction period of certain capital investment projects Other (Income) Expense, net . Other income consists of interest income earned on our temporary cash deposits and short-term investments; any other non-operating income activity, including income from investments in unconsolidated affiliates accounted for under the equity method. Other expense consists of any non-operating costs, such as certain acquisition and financing expenses. 2022 Overview During 2022, domestic steel demand continued to be strong throughout the year, supported most significantly by the construction, automotive, industrial, and energy sectors. Customer steel inventories remained below historical averages for most of the year, allowing for steady order patterns. This strong market environment allowed annual average steel selling prices to remain at historically high levels, with steady steel operations segment metal spreads compared to 2021, partially offset by additional costs of 439 million during start-up at Sinton. Our metals recycling operations experienced a challenging pricing environment in 2022, with ferrous scrap prices generally falling throughout the year. Metal spread compression, coupled with lower volumes, resulted in significantly lower operating income. Our steel fabrication operations segment achieved significantly higher record operating income and record shipments during 2022, on continued strong non-residential construction demand, record average selling prices and stable average steel product pricing. The symbiotic relationship among our three operating segments resulted in record companywide financial and operational performance during 2022. We achieved record 2022 operational and financial results. Record net sales of 22.3 billion Record operating income of 5.1 billion and net income of 3.9 billion Record cash flow from operations of 4.5 billion Record steel and steel fabrication shipments of 12.2 million and 856,000 tons, respectively Record steel fabrication operating income of 2.4 billion Share repurchases of 1.8 billion of our common stock, representing 12 of our outstanding shares 
 Consolidated operating income for 2022 increased 790.7 million, or 18 , to 5.1 billion, compared to 4.3 billion in 2021. Net income attributable to Steel Dynamics, Inc. for 2022 increased 648.6 million, or 20 , to 3.9 billion, compared to 2021. Diluted earnings per share attributable to Steel Dynamics, Inc. was 20.92 for 2022, compared to 15.56 for 2021. Refer to Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in Part II of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021, for additional information regarding results of operations for the year ended December 31, 2021, as compared to the year ended December 31, 2020, and segment operating results for 2021 as compared to 2020. 
 38 

Table of Contents 
 Segment Operating Results dollars in thousands 

Years Ended December 31, 2022 Change 2021 Net sales Steel Operations 15,100,917 8 14,023,133 Metals Recycling Operations 4,395,636 (4) 4,590,121 Steel Fabrication Operations 4,257,207 141 1,764,710 Other 1,288,984 2 1,266,971 25,042,744 21,644,935 Intra-company (2,781,970) (3,236,085) 22,260,774 21 18,408,850 Operating income (loss) Steel Operations 3,095,348 (29) 4,360,488 Metals Recycling Operations 117,266 (36) 181,986 Steel Fabrication Operations 2,424,655 564 365,250 Other (599,828) (9) (551,725) 5,037,441 4,355,999 Intra-company 54,381 (54,894) 5,091,822 18 4,301,105 
 39 

Table of Contents 

Steel Operations Segment Steel operations consist of our electric arc furnace steel mills, producing steel from ferrous scrap and scrap substitutes, utilizing continuous casting, automated rolling mills, numerous value-added downstream steel coating and processing operations, and distribution operations. Our steel operations sell directly to end-users, steel fabricators, and service centers. These products are used in numerous industry sectors, including the construction, automotive, manufacturing, transportation, heavy and agriculture equipment, and pipe and tube (including OCTG) markets. Steel operations accounted for 65 and 72 of our consolidated net sales during 2022 and 2021, respectively. See Item 1. Business for further information on Steel Operations segment operations. Steel Operations Shipments (tons): 

Years Ended December 31, 2022 Change 2021 Total shipments 12,158,168 8 11,217,640 Intra-segment shipments (1,353,824) (1,106,525) Steel Operations Segment shipments 10,804,344 7 10,111,115 External shipments 10,410,469 9 9,559,617 
 40 

Table of Contents 
 Segment Results 2022 vs. 2021 During 2022, domestic steel demand remained strong from the construction, automotive, industrial, and energy sectors, resulting in record shipments of 10.8 million tons in 2022, including 828,000 tons from Sinton. Average product pricing for our steel operations, though higher year over year compared to 2021, experienced steady declines throughout 2022 for sheet steel products, which had risen to record levels at the end of 2021. Conversely, long products realized higher selling prices through the majority of 2022. Steel operations segment shipments increased 7 in 2022 compared to 2021, as Sinton started up production throughout the year, with average selling prices remaining steady. Net sales for the steel operations segment were 8 higher in 2022 when compared to 2021, due to stable average steel selling prices and record volumes. Metallic raw materials used in our electric arc furnaces represent our single most significant steel manufacturing cost, generally comprising approximately 55 to 65 of our steel mill operations manufacturing costs. Our metallic raw material cost consumed in our steel mills increased 28 per net ton, or 6 , in 2022 compared to 2021. As a result of scrap costs increasing more than average selling prices, specifically for sheet steel products, metal spread (which we define as the difference between average steel mill selling prices and the cost of ferrous scrap consumed in our steel mills) decreased slightly in 2022 compared to 2021. Due to metal spread compression and additional costs during start-up at Sinton, operating income for the steel operations decreased 29 , to 3.1 billion, in 2022 compared to 2021. 
 41 

Table of Contents 
 Metals Recycling Operations Segment Metals recycling operations includes both ferrous and nonferrous scrap metal processing, transportation, marketing, brokerage, and scrap management services. In October 2022, we completed our acquisition of ROCA ACERO, S.A. de C.V. (ROCA), whose post-acquisition operations are included in 2022 results. Our steel mills utilize a large portion (approximately 66 in 2022 and 2021) of the ferrous scrap sold by our metals recycling operations as raw material in our steelmaking operations, and the remainder is sold to other consumers, such as other steel manufacturers and foundries. Metals recycling operations accounted for 10 and 12 of our consolidated net sales during 2022 and 2021, respectively. Metals Recycling Operations Shipments: 

Years Ended December 31, 2022 Change 2021 Ferrous metal (gross tons) Total 5,301,774 (3) 5,442,478 Inter-company (3,475,662) 3 (3,574,668) External shipments 1,826,112 (2) 1,867,810 Nonferrous metal (thousands of pounds) Total 1,053,852 (4) 1,093,472 Inter-company (138,407) (2) (135,914) External shipments 915,445 (4) 957,558 Segment Results 2022 vs. 2021 Our metals recycling operations faced a challenging price environment during 2022. Domestic steel mill utilization rates decreased to approximately 78 in 2022 from 81 in the prior year, impacting demand for ferrous scrap. Net sales for our metals recycling operations decreased 4 in 2022 as compared to 2021, driven by lower shipments and average selling values. Ferrous scrap average selling prices decreased 4 during 2022 compared to 2021, falling nine out of twelve months during the year, while nonferrous average selling prices increased 3 . Ferrous metal spread (which we define as the difference between average selling prices and the cost of purchased scrap) decreased 2 , while nonferrous metal spread also decreased 2 in 2022 compared to 2021. Metals recycling operations operating income in 2022 of 117.3 million decreased 64.7 million, or 36 , from the record in 2021, due to decreased ferrous and nonferrous shipments and metal spread. 
 42 

Table of Contents 
 Steel Fabrication Operations Segment Steel fabrication operations include seven New Millennium Building Systems joist and deck plants located throughout the United States, and in Northern Mexico. Revenues from these plants are generated from the fabrication of steel joists, girders, trusses, and steel deck used within the non-residential construction industry. Steel fabrication operations accounted for 19 and 10 of our consolidated net sales during 2022 and 2021, respectively. Segment Results 2022 vs. 2021 Our steel fabrication operations benefited in 2022 from a steady non-residential construction market, as order activity remained strong throughout the year, resulting in record shipments and significantly higher selling prices. Our order backlog for steel fabrication extends through the first half of 2023. Record net sales for the segment of 4.3 billion increased 141 during 2022, compared to 2021, as shipments increased 8 , and average selling prices increased 123 , or 2,740 per ton. The purchase of various steel products is the largest single cost of production for our steel fabrication operations, historically representing approximately two-thirds of the total cost of manufacturing, increasing to approximately three-fourths during 2022 and 2021 consistent with the historically higher steel costs. The average cost of steel consumed increased 24 in 2022, as compared to 2021. Selling prices per ton increased more than steel input costs per ton, resulting in metal spread (which we define as the difference between average selling prices and the cost of purchased steel) increasing 258 in 2022 compared to 2021. This expanded metal spread, coupled with record shipments, resulted in record operating income of 2.4 billion in 2022 compared to 365.3 million in 2021. 
 43 

Table of Contents 
 Other Operations Consolidated Results 2022 vs. 2021 Selling, General and Administrative Expenses. Selling, general and administrative expenses decreased 98.4 million, or 15 , to 545.6 million during 2022 compared to 2021, representing 2.5 and 3.5 of net sales, respectively. This decrease is due primarily to a 27.7 million decrease in equity-based compensation expense, as well as decreased costs of 64.5 million related to Sinton that were included in selling, general and administrative expenses prior to the completion of the mill s construction and start-up in early 2022. Companywide profit sharing expense was 452.6 million in 2022 (including 22.5 million of additional companywide special compensation awarded to all non-executive eligible team members in recognition of the company s exceptional annual performance), an increase of 64.4 million from the 388.1 million earned during 2021, consistent with increased pretax income. Refer to Note 11. Retirement Plans to the consolidated financial statements elsewhere in this report for further information. Interest Expense, net of Capitalized Interest. During 2022, interest expense of 91.5 million increased 60 from 57.2 million during 2021. The higher interest expense in 2022 compared to 2021 was due to higher capitalized interest in 2021 50.5 million, compared to 15.8 million in 2022) related to the construction of Sinton. Other (Income) Expense, net. Net other income was 20.8 million in 2022, compared to net other expense of 34.8 million in 2021. The net other income in 2022 compared to net other expense in 2021 was due primarily to an increase in interest income of 28.0 million associated with our increased invested cash and short-term investment balances, as well as an increase in net earnings from equity investments of 18.6 million. Income Tax Expense. During 2022, income tax expense of 1.1 billion, at an effective income tax rate of 22.7 , increased 19 from the 962.3 million of income tax expense, at an effective income tax rate of 22.9 , during 2021, consistent with increased pretax earnings. Refer to Note 4. Income Taxes to the consolidated financial statements elsewhere in this report for additional information. Included in the balance of unrecognized tax benefits at December 31, 2022, are potential benefits of 25.1 million that, if recognized, would affect the effective tax rate. We recognize interest and penalties related to our tax contingencies on a net-of-tax basis in income tax expense. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we recognized expense from the increase of interest expense and penalties of 480,000, net of tax. In addition to the unrecognized tax benefits noted above, we had 1.2 million accrued for the payment of interest and penalties at December 31, 2022. We file income tax returns in the United States federal jurisdiction as well as income tax returns in various state jurisdictions. The tax years 2019 through 2021 remain open to examination by the Internal Revenue Service and various state and local jurisdictions. At this time, we do not believe there will be any significant examination adjustments that would result in a material change to our financial position, results of operations or cash flows. It is reasonably possible that the amount of unrecognized tax benefits could change in the next twelve months in an amount ranging from zero to 3.3 million, as a result of the expiration of the statute of limitations and other federal and state income tax audits. 
 44 

Table of Contents 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources Capital Resources and Long-term Debt. Our business is capital intensive and requires substantial expenditures for, among other things, the purchase and maintenance of equipment used in our operations, and to remain in compliance with environmental laws. Our short-term and long-term liquidity needs arise primarily from working capital requirements, capital expenditures, including expansion projects, principal and interest payments related to our outstanding indebtedness (no significant principal payments until 2024), dividends to our shareholders, and potential stock repurchases and acquisitions or investments. We have met and intend to continue to meet these liquidity requirements primarily with available cash and cash provided by operations, and long-term borrowings, and we also have availability under our unsecured Revolver. Our liquidity at December 31, 2022, is as follows (in thousands): 

Cash and equivalents 1,628,417 Short-term investments 628,215 Unsecured revolver availability 1,190,899 Total liquidity 3,447,531 Our total outstanding debt of 3.1 billion at December 31, 2022 is consistent with December 31, 2021. Our total long-term debt to capitalization ratio (representing our long-term debt, including current maturities, divided by the sum of our long-term debt, redeemable noncontrolling interests, and our total stockholders equity) was 27.7 and 32.9 at December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively, decreasing due to the growth in stockholders equity from undistributed 2022 earnings. Our unsecured credit agreement has a senior unsecured revolving credit facility (Facility), which provides a 1.2 billion unsecured Revolver, and matures in December 2024. Subject to certain conditions, we have the opportunity to increase the Facility size by 500.0 million. The unsecured Revolver is available to fund working capital, capital expenditures, and other general corporate purposes. The Facility contains financial covenants and other covenants pertaining to our ability to incur indebtedness and permit liens on certain assets. Our ability to borrow funds within the terms of the unsecured Revolver is dependent upon our continued compliance with the financial and other covenants. At December 31, 2022, we had 1.2 billion of availability on the Revolver, 9.1 million of outstanding letters of credit and other obligations which reduce availability, and there were no borrowings outstanding. The financial covenants under our Facility state that we must maintain an interest coverage ratio of not less than 2.50:1.00. Our interest coverage ratio is calculated by dividing our last-twelve-months (LTM) consolidated Adjusted EBITDA (earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, amortization, and certain other non-cash transactions as allowed in the Facility) by our LTM gross interest expense, less amortization of financing fees. In addition, a debt to capitalization ratio of not more than 0.60:1.00 must be maintained. At December 31, 2022, our interest coverage ratio and debt to capitalization ratio were 54.42:1.00 and 0.27:1.00, respectively. We were, therefore, in compliance with these covenants at December 31, 2022, and we anticipate we will continue to be in compliance during the next twelve months. Working Capital. We generated cash flow from operations of 4.5 billion in 2022 compared to 2.2 billion in 2021. Operational working capital (representing amounts invested in trade receivables and inventories, less current liabilities other than income taxes payable and debt) decreased 112.5 million, or 3 , to 3.2 billion at December 31, 2022, due primarily to decreased inventory values, consistent with decreased steel and scrap selling prices as steel fabrication customer accounts increased with higher selling prices in the fourth quarter of 2022 compared to the same period in 2021. 
 45 

Table of Contents 
 Capital Investments. During 2022, we invested 908.9 million in property, plant and equipment, primarily within our steel operations segment, compared with 1.0 billion invested during 2021. Spending at Sinton decreased in 2022 versus 2021 as we completed the construction phase in early 2022. We enter 2023 with ample liquidity of 3.4 billion and anticipated operating cash flow generation to provide for our planned 2023 capital requirements, including the four new flat roll coating lines at Sinton and Heartland. We announced in July our plans to invest 2.5 billion in a new state-of-the-art low-carbon aluminum flat roll mill with two supporting satellite recycled aluminum slab centers, which is planned to be funded by available cash and cash flow from operations. Expenditures began in the third quarter of 2022 and are expected to continue through 2025. Cash Dividends. As a reflection of continued confidence in our current and future cash flow generation capability and financial position, we increased our quarterly cash dividend by 31 to 0.34 per share in the first quarter of 2022 (from 0.26 per share in 2021), resulting in declared cash dividends of 245.3 million during 2022, compared to 210.9 million during 2021. We paid cash dividends of 237.2 million and 213.0 million during 2022 and 2021, respectively. Our board of directors, along with executive management, approves the payment of dividends on a quarterly basis. The determination to pay cash dividends in the future is at the discretion of our board of directors, after taking into account various factors, including our financial condition, results of operations, outstanding indebtedness, current and anticipated cash needs and growth plans. Other. Our board of directors has authorized share repurchase programs during prior years, the most recent of which occurred in November 2022 for a program of up to 1.5 billion of the company s common stock. Under the share repurchase programs, purchases take place as and when we determine in open market or private transactions made based upon the market price of our common stock, the nature of other investment opportunities or growth projects, our cash flows from operations, and general economic conditions. The share repurchase programs do not require us to acquire any specific number of shares, and may be modified, suspended, extended or terminated by us at any time. The share repurchase programs do not have an expiration date. There were 1.8 billion and 1.1 billion of share repurchases during 2022 and 2021, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, we had 1.3 billion remaining available to purchase under the November 2022 share repurchase program. See Part II, Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities for additional information. Our ability to meet our debt service obligations and reduce our total debt will depend upon our future performance which, in turn, will depend upon general economic, financial, and business conditions, along with competition, legislation and regulatory factors that are largely beyond our control. In addition, we cannot assure that our operating results, cash flows, access to credit markets and capital resources will be sufficient for repayment of our indebtedness in the future. We believe that based upon current levels of operations and anticipated growth, cash flows from operations, together with other available sources of funds, including borrowings under our Revolver, if necessary, will be adequate for the next twelve months for making required payments of principal and interest on our indebtedness, funding working capital requirements, and funding anticipated capital expenditures. Contractual Obligations and Other Long-Term Liabilities We have the following minimum commitments under contractual obligations, including purchase obligations, as defined by the Securities and Exchange Commission. A purchase obligation is defined as an agreement to purchase goods or services that is enforceable and legally binding and that specifies all significant terms, including fixed or minimum quantities to be purchased; fixed, minimum or variable price provisions; and the approximate timing of the transaction. Long-term debt and estimated interest. Refer to Note 3. Long-Term Debt to the consolidated financial statements elsewhere in this report for our long-term debt maturities. Estimated interest payments on our senior unsecured notes were determined based on their outstanding balances through maturity at their contractual interest rates, as detailed in Note 3. Estimated interest payments also include a 0.175 commitment fee on our available Revolver, and an average interest rate of 5.5 on our other debt of 63.7 million. Our estimated interest payments are 102.2 million, 98.3 million, 80.3 million, 75.0 million, 54.6 million, for the years 2023 through 2027, respectively, and 393.2 million thereafter. 
 46 

Table of Contents 
 Purchase obligations. We have commitments for the purchase of commodities such as electricity, water, natural gas and its transportation services, fuel, air products, zinc, and electrodes. Refer to Note 9. Commitments and Contingencies to the consolidated financial statements elsewhere in this report for this information. Construction commitments. We have firm contracts with various vendors for the completion of certain construction projects at our various divisions at December 31, 2022. Refer to Note 9. Commitments and Contingencies to the consolidated financial statements elsewhere in this report for this information. Lease commitments. We have entered into operating leases relating principally to transportation and other equipment, and some real estate. Refer to Note 12. Leases to the consolidated financial statements elsewhere in this report for this information. Unrecognized tax benefits. We expect to make cash outlays in the future related to our unrecognized tax benefits; however, due to the uncertainty of the timing, we are unable to make reasonably reliable estimates regarding the period of cash settlement with the respective taxing authorities. Refer to Note 4. Income Taxes to the consolidated financial statements elsewhere in this report for this information. Other Matters Environmental and Other Contingencies We have incurred, and in the future will continue to incur, capital expenditures and operating expenses for matters relating to environmental control, remediation, monitoring and compliance. During 2022, we incurred costs related to the monitoring and compliance of environmental matters in the amount of approximately 47.7 million and capital expenditures related to environmental compliance of approximately 9.8 million. Of the costs incurred during 2022 for monitoring and compliance, approximately 70 were related to the normal transportation of certain types of waste produced in our steelmaking processes and other facilities, in accordance with legal requirements. We incurred combined environmental remediation costs of approximately 398,000 at all of our facilities during 2022. We have an accrual of 6.2 million recorded for environmental remediation related to our metals recycling operations, and 2.6 million related to our idled Minnesota ironmaking operations. We believe, apart from our dependence on environmental construction and operating permits for our existing and any future manufacturing facilities, that compliance with current environmental laws and regulations is not likely to have a materially adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations or liquidity. However, environmental laws and regulations evolve and change, and we may become subject to more stringent environmental laws and regulations in the future, such as the impact of United States government or various governmental agencies introducing regulatory changes in response to the potential of climate change. Critical Accounting Estimates Management s Discussion and Analysis of Our Financial Condition and Results of Operations is based upon our consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. We review the accounting estimates we use in reporting our financial results on a regular basis. The preparation of these financial statements requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses and related disclosure of contingent liabilities. We evaluate the appropriateness of these estimations and judgments on an ongoing basis. We base our estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying value of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Results may differ from these estimates due to actual outcomes being different from those on which we based our assumptions. We believe the following critical accounting estimates affect our more significant judgments and estimates used in the preparation of our consolidated financial statements. 
 47 

Table of Contents 
 Impairments of Long-Lived Tangible and Definite-Lived Intangible Assets. We review long-lived assets for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying amount of such assets may not be fully recoverable. Impairment losses are recorded on long-lived assets used in operations when indicators of impairment are present and the undiscounted cash flows estimated to be generated by those assets are less than the assets carrying amounts. The impairment loss is measured by comparing the fair value of the asset to its carrying amount. We consider various factors and determine whether an impairment test is necessary, including by way of examples, a significant and prolonged deterioration in operating results and/or projected cash flows, significant changes in the extent or manner in which an asset is used, technological advances with respect to assets which would potentially render them obsolete, our strategy and capital planning, and the economic environment in markets to be served. When determining future cash flows and if necessary, fair value, we must make judgments as to the expected utilization of assets and estimated future cash flows related to those assets. We consider historical and anticipated future results, general economic and market conditions, the impact of planned business and operational strategies and all other available information at the time the estimates are made. Those estimates and judgments may or may not ultimately prove accurate. Events occurred during the fourth quarter of 2020, that represented impairment indicators related to the company s noncore oil and gas joint ventures. Therefore, the company undertook a fourth quarter 2020 assessment of the recoverability of the carrying amounts of these joint ventures property, plant and equipment. Based on the joint ventures outlook at the time of this 2020 assessment, the company concluded that the carrying amounts of its property, plant and equipment were fully impaired. This assessment resulted in a total non-cash asset impairment charge of 19.4 million, which include amounts attributable to noncontrolling interests of 2.4 million, that in total served to reduce net income attributable to Steel Dynamics, Inc. by 12.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2020. Goodwill. Our goodwill, relating to various business combinations, consisted of the following at December 31 (in thousands): 

2022 2021 Steel Operations Segment 272,133 272,133 Metals Recycling Operations Segment 228,009 179,777 Steel Fabrication Operations Segment 1,925 1,925 502,067 453,835 At least once annually (as of October 1), or when indicators of impairment exist, the company performs an impairment test for goodwill. Goodwill is allocated to various reporting units, which are generally one level below the company s operating segments. The fair value of the reporting unit is determined by using an estimate of future cash flows utilizing a risk-adjusted discount rate to calculate the net present value of future cash flows (income approach), and for some years by using a market approach based upon an analysis of valuation metrics of comparable peer companies, using Level 3 fair value inputs as provided for under ASC 820. If the fair value exceeds the carrying value of the reporting unit, there is no impairment. If the carrying amount exceeds the fair value, we recognize an impairment loss in the amount by which the carrying value of the net assets assigned to the reporting unit exceeds the fair value of the reporting unit, with the impairment loss not to exceed the amount of goodwill allocated to the reporting unit. Key assumptions used to determine the estimated fair value of each reporting unit under the discounted cash flows method (income approach) include: (a) expected cash flows for the five-year period following the testing date (including market share, sales volumes and prices, costs to produce and estimated capital needs); (b) an estimated terminal value using a terminal year growth rate determined based on the growth prospects of the reporting unit; and (c) a risk-adjusted discount rate based on management s best estimate of market participants after-tax weighted average cost of capital and market risk premiums. Key assumptions used to determine the estimated fair value of each reporting unit under the market approach include the expected revenues and cash flows in the next year. We consider historical and anticipated future results, general economic and market conditions, the impact of planned business and operational strategies and all available information at the time the fair values of its reporting units are estimated. Those estimates and judgments may or may not ultimately prove accurate. 
 48 

Table of Contents 
 Goodwill acquired in past transactions are naturally more susceptible to impairment, primarily due to the fact that they are recorded at fair value based on operating plans and economic conditions at the time of acquisition. Consequently, if operating results and/or economic conditions deteriorate after an acquisition, it could result in the impairment of the acquired asset. A deterioration of economic conditions may not only negatively impact the estimated operating cash flows used in our cash flow models but may also negatively impact other assumptions used in our analyses, including, but not limited to, the estimated cost of capital and/or discount rates. Additionally, we are required to ensure that assumptions used to determine fair value in our analyses are consistent with the assumptions a hypothetical marketplace participant would use. As a result, the cost of capital and/or discount rates used in our analyses may increase or decrease based on market conditions and trends, regardless of whether our actual cost of capital has changed. Therefore, we may recognize an impairment in spite of realizing actual cash flows that are approximately equal to or greater than our previously forecasted amounts. Accordingly, discount rate scenario analysis is performed to evaluate the impact on estimated reporting unit fair values. Our fourth quarter 2022, 2021, and 2020 annual goodwill impairment analyses did not result in any impairment charges. Management does not believe that it is reasonably likely that our reporting units will fail the goodwill impairment test in the near term, as the determined fair value of the reporting units with goodwill exceeded their carrying value by more than an insignificant amount. Changes in judgments and estimates underlying our analysis of goodwill for possible impairment, including expected future operating cash flows and discount rate, could decrease the estimated fair value of our reporting units in the future and could result in an impairment of goodwill. Income Taxes. We are required to estimate our income taxes as a part of the process of preparing our consolidated financial statements. This requires us to estimate our actual current tax exposure together with assessing temporary differences resulting from differing treatments of items for tax and accounting purposes. These differences result in deferred tax assets and liabilities, which are included within our consolidated balance sheet. We must then assess the likelihood that our deferred tax assets will be recovered from future taxable income and, to the extent we believe that recovery is not likely, we must establish a valuation allowance. We also establish reserves to reduce some or all of the tax benefit of any of our tax positions at the time we determine that the positions become uncertain. We adjust these reserves, including any impact on the related interest and penalties, in light of changing facts and circumstances, such as the progress of a tax audit. A number of years may elapse before a particular matter for which we have established a reserve is audited by a taxing authority and finally resolved. The number of years with open tax audits varies depending on the tax jurisdiction. A tax benefit that has been previously reserved because of a failure to meet the more likely than not recognition threshold would be recognized in our income tax expense in the first interim period when the uncertainty disappears. Settlement of any particular issue would usually require the use of cash. 
 49 

Table of Contents 
 ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK Market Risk In the normal course of business, we are exposed to interest rate changes. Our objectives in managing fluctuations in interest rates are to limit the impact of these rate changes on earnings and cash flows and to lower overall borrowing costs. To achieve these objectives, we may use interest rate swaps to manage net exposure to interest rate changes related to our portfolio of borrowings; however, we have not done so during 2022, 2021, or 2020. The following table represents the principal cash repayments and related weighted-average interest rates by maturity date for our long-term debt, as of December 31, 2022 (in thousands): 

Interest Rate Risk Fixed Rate Variable Rate Average Average Principal Rate Principal Rate Expected maturity date: 2023 2,254 4.1 55,080 5.6 2024 401,800 2.8 - 2025 401,608 2.4 - 2026 401,481 5.0 - 2027 351,142 1.7 - Thereafter 1,500,361 3.3 - Total debt outstanding 3,058,646 3.2 55,080 5.6 Fair value 2,677,777 55,080 Commodity Risk In the normal course of business, we are exposed to the market risk and price fluctuations related to the sale of our products and to the purchase of raw materials used in our operations, such as metallic raw materials, electricity, water, natural gas and its transportation services, fuel, air products, zinc, and electrodes. Our risk strategy associated with product sales has generally been to obtain competitive prices for our products and to allow operating results to reflect market price movements dictated by supply and demand. Our risk strategy associated with the purchase of raw materials utilized within our operations has generally been to make some commitments with suppliers relating to future expected requirements for some commodities such as electricity, water, natural gas and its transportation services, fuel, air products, zinc, and electrodes. Refer to Note 9. Commitments and Contingencies to the consolidated financial statements elsewhere in this report for additional information. In our metals recycling and steel operations, we have certain fixed price contracts with various customers and suppliers for future delivery of nonferrous and ferrous metals. Our risk strategy has been to enter into base metal financial contracts with the goal to protect the profit margin, within certain parameters, that was contemplated when we entered into the transaction with the customer or vendor. At December 31, 2022, we had a cumulative unrealized loss associated with these financial contracts of 3.1 million, substantially all of which have settlement dates in 2023. We believe the customer contracts associated with the financial contracts will be fully consummated. Refer to Note 7. Derivative Financial Instruments to the consolidated financial statements elsewhere in this report for additional information . 
 50 

Table of Contents 
 ITEM 8. CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Page Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 52 Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID 53 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 57 Consolidated Statements of Income for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022 58 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022 59 Consolidated Statements of Equity for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022 60 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022 61 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 62 
 51 

Table of Contents 
 MANAGEMENT S REPORT ON INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING The management of Steel Dynamics, Inc. is responsible for the preparation and integrity of the company s consolidated financial statements and for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Rule 13a 15(f) of the Exchange Act, for the company (including its consolidated subsidiaries). We maintain accounting and internal control systems which are intended to provide reasonable assurance that assets are safeguarded against loss from unauthorized use or disposition, transactions are executed in accordance with management s authorization, and accounting records are reliable for preparing financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. We are dedicated to ensuring that we maintain the high standards of financial accounting and reporting that we have established. Our culture demands integrity and an unyielding commitment to strong internal control practices and policies. Internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of our assets; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of the financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; and provide reasonable assurance that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of our management and directors; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on our financial statements. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not always prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with policies and procedures may deteriorate. We acquired ROCA ACERO, S.A. de C.V. ROCA on October 1, 2022. In conducting our evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, we have elected to exclude ROCA from our evaluation in the year of acquisition as permitted by the Securities and Exchange Commission. ROCA constituted approximately 1 of the company s total and net assets as of December 31, 2022, and 0.3 of the company s net sales for the year then ended. Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our principal executive officer and our principal financial officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. The framework on which such evaluation was based upon is contained in the report entitled Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 Framework) (the COSO criteria ). Based on that evaluation, management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022, the end of the period covered by this report. 

/s/ Mark D. Millett /s/ Theresa E. Wagler Chief Executive Officer Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Executive Officer) (Principal Financial Officer) 
 52 

Table of Contents 
 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of Steel Dynamics, Inc. Opinion on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting We have audited Steel Dynamics, Inc. s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) (the COSO criteria). In our opinion, Steel Dynamics, Inc. (the Company) maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on the COSO criteria. As indicated in the accompanying Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting, management s assessment of and conclusion on the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting did not include the internal controls of ROCA ACERO, S.A. de C.V., which is included in the 2022 consolidated financial statements of the Company and constituted 1 of total and net assets, respectively, as of December 31, 2022 and 0.3 of net sales for the year then ended. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting of the Company also did not include an evaluation of the internal control over financial reporting of ROCA ACERO, S.A. de C.V. We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated balance sheets of Steel Dynamics, Inc. as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, equity, and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes and our report dated February 28, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. Basis for Opinion The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting included in the accompanying Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 53 

Table of Contents 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. /s/ February 28, 2023 
 54 

Table of Contents 
 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of Steel Dynamics, Inc. Opinion on the Financial Statements We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Steel Dynamics, Inc. (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company at December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework), and our report dated February 28, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. Basis for Opinion These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. Critical Audit Matter The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective or complex judgments. The communication of the critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the account or disclosure to which it relates. 
 55 

Table of Contents 

Valuation of Goodwill Description of the Matter At December 31, 2022, the Company s goodwill was approximately 502 million. As discussed in Note 1 of the consolidated financial statements, the Company performs an impairment test for goodwill at least annually or when indicators of impairment exist. Auditing management s goodwill impairment test was complex and judgmental due to the significant estimation required to determine the fair value of the reporting units. In particular, the fair value estimate was sensitive to significant assumptions, such as estimates of future cash flows and changes in the risk-adjusted discount rate, which are affected by expectations about future market or economic conditions and the impact of planned business and operation strategies. How We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit We obtained an understanding, evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of controls over the Company s goodwill impairment review process, including controls over management s review of the assumptions and methodologies used in the calculation of the fair value of the reporting units, as well as the Company s review of the completeness and accuracy of the data used in the Company s analysis. To test the estimated fair value of each of the Company s reporting units, we performed audit procedures that included, among others, testing the underlying assumptions used in the Company s analysis, testing the completeness and accuracy of the underlying estimates of future cash flows used by management and testing the calculation of the fair value of each reporting unit. We compared the assumptions used by management to historical results. We assessed the historical accuracy of management s estimates and performed sensitivity analyses over certain assumptions used by management to evaluate the changes in the fair value of each of the reporting units that would result from changes in those assumptions. /s/ Ernst Young LLP We have served as the Company s auditor since 1999. Indianapolis, Indiana February 28, 2023 
 56 

Table of Contents 
 STEEL DYNAMICS, INC. CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS (in thousands, except share data) 

December 31, Assets 2022 2021 

Current assets Cash and equivalents Short-term investments - Accounts receivable, net of allowances for credit losses of and as of December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021, respectively Accounts receivable-related parties Inventories Other current assets Total current assets Property, plant and equipment, net Intangible assets, net Goodwill Other assets Total assets Liabilities and Equity Current liabilities Accounts payable Accounts payable-related parties Income taxes payable Accrued payroll and benefits Accrued expenses Current maturities of long-term debt Total current liabilities Long-term debt Deferred income taxes Other liabilities Total liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies 

Redeemable noncontrolling interests 

Equity Common stock voting, par value; shares authorized; and shares issued; and and shares outstanding, as of December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021, respectively Treasury stock, at cost; and shares, as of December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021, respectively ) ) Additional paid-in capital Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) ) Total Steel Dynamics, Inc. equity Noncontrolling interests ) ) Total equity Total liabilities and equity See notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 57 

Table of Contents 
 STEEL DYNAMICS, INC. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME (in thousands, except per share data) 

Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Net sales Unrelated parties Related parties Total net sales Costs of goods sold Gross profit Selling, general and administrative expenses Profit sharing Amortization of intangible assets Asset impairment charges - - Operating income Interest expense, net of capitalized interest Other (income) expense, net ) Income before income taxes Income tax expense Net income Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests ) ) ) Net income attributable to Steel Dynamics, Inc. Basic earnings per share attributable to Steel Dynamics, Inc. stockholders Weighted average common shares outstanding Diluted earnings per share attributable to Steel Dynamics, Inc. stockholders, including the effect of assumed conversions when dilutive Weighted average common shares and share equivalents outstanding Dividends declared per share See notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 58 

Table of Contents 
 STEEL DYNAMICS, INC. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (in thousands) 

Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Net income Other comprehensive income (loss) - net unrealized gain (loss) on cash flow hedging derivatives, net of income tax expense of , income tax benefit of , and income tax expense of for 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively ) Comprehensive income Comprehensive income attributable to noncontrolling interests ) ) ) Comprehensive income attributable to Steel Dynamics, Inc. See notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 59 

Table of Contents 
 STEEL DYNAMICS, INC. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF EQUITY (in thousands) Accumulated Additional Other Redeemable Shares Common Treasury Paid-In Retained Comprehensive Noncontrolling Total Noncontrolling Common Treasury Stock Stock Capital Earnings Income (Loss) Interests Equity Interests Balances at January 1, 2020 ) ) ) Dividends declared - - - - - ) - - ) - Noncontrolling investors, net - - - - - - - ) ) Share repurchases ) - ) - - - - ) - Equity-based compensation ) ) - - - Net income - - - - - - - Other comprehensive income, net of tax - - - - - - - - Balances at December 31, 2020 ) ) Dividends declared - - - - - ) - - ) - Noncontrolling investors, net - - - - - ) - ) ) Share repurchases ) - ) - - - - ) - Equity-based compensation ) ) - - - Net income - - - - - - - Other comprehensive loss, net of tax - - - - - - ) - ) - Balances at December 31, 2021 ) ) ) Dividends declared - - - - - ) - - ) - Noncontrolling investors, net - - - - ) - ) ) ) Share repurchases ) - ) - - - - ) - Equity-based compensation ) ) ) - - - Net income - - - - - - - Other comprehensive income, net of tax - - - - - - - - Balances at December 31, 2022 ) ) See notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 60 

Table of Contents 
 STEEL DYNAMICS, INC. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (in thousands) 

Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Operating activities: Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Asset impairment charges - - Equity-based compensation Deferred income taxes Other adjustments ) ) Changes in certain assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable ) ) ) Inventories ) ) Other assets ) ) ) Accounts payable ) Income taxes receivable/payable ) Accrued expenses ) Net cash provided by operating activities Investing activities: Purchases of property, plant and equipment ) ) ) Purchases of short-term investments ) - ) Proceeds from maturities of short-term investments - Business combinations, net of cash acquired ) - ) Investments in unconsolidated affiliates ) - - Other investing activities Net cash used in investing activities ) ) ) Financing activities: Issuance of current and long-term debt Repayment of current and long-term debt ) ) ) Dividends paid ) ) ) Purchases of treasury stock ) ) ) Other financing activities ) ) ) Net cash used in financing activities ) ) ) Increase (decrease) in cash and equivalents, and restricted cash ) ) Cash and equivalents, and restricted cash at beginning of period Cash and equivalents, and restricted cash at end of period Supplemental disclosure information: Cash paid for interest Cash paid for income taxes, net See notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 61 

Table of Contents 
 reporting segments: steel operations, metals recycling operations, and steel fabrication operations. Approximately of the company s workforce in locations is represented by collective bargaining agreements, none of which are expiring in 2023. Steel Operations Segment Steel operations include the company s electric arc furnace (EAF) steel mills, including Butler Flat Roll Division, Columbus Flat Roll Division, Southwest-Sinton Flat Roll Division (Sinton), Structural and Rail Division, Engineered Bar Products Division, Roanoke Bar Division, Steel of West Virginia, and steel coating and processing operations at The Techs, Heartland Flat Roll Division, United Steel Supply (USS) equity interest as of April 1, 2022, and Vulcan Threaded Products, Inc. Steel operations accounted for , , and of the company s consolidated net sales during 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. Metals Recycling Operations Segment Metals recycling operations include the company s OmniSource ferrous and nonferrous processing, transportation, marketing, brokerage, and scrap management services primarily throughout the United States and in Central and Northern Mexico. Metals recycling operations accounted for , , and of the company s consolidated net sales during 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. Steel Fabrication Operations Segment Steel fabrication operations include the company s New Millennium Building Systems joist and deck plants located throughout the United States, and in Northern Mexico. Revenues from these plants are generated from the fabrication of trusses, girders, steel joists and steel deck used within the non-residential construction industry. Steel fabrication operations accounted for , , and of the company s consolidated net sales during 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. Other Other operations consist of subsidiary operations that are below the quantitative thresholds required for reportable segments and primarily consist of joint ventures, including our newly announced aluminum flat roll mill, and the company s idled Minnesota ironmaking operations. Redeemable noncontrolling interests related to Mesabi Nugget (owned by SDI) are million at December 31, 2022 and 2021. Also included in Other are certain unallocated corporate accounts, such as the company s senior unsecured credit facility, senior notes, certain other investments and certain profit sharing expenses. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 
 62 

Table of Contents 
 Note 1. Description of the Business and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Continued) 
 63 

Table of Contents 
 million and million, respectively, of accounts receivable, net of allowances for credit losses of million and million respectively. Changes in the allowance were not material for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, or 2020. million at December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 and million at December 31, 2019, which are recorded in Other Assets (noncurrent) in the company s consolidated balance sheets. million as of December 31, 2022. The short-term investments held as of December 31, 2022, consisted of commercial paper million) and US Treasuries million), with contractual maturities of less than one year, when purchased. Supplies Work in progress Finished goods Total inventories to for plant, machinery and equipment, and to for buildings and improvements. Repairs and maintenance are expensed as incurred. Depreciation is provided utilizing the straight-line depreciation methodology, or the units-of-production depreciation methodology for certain production-related steel operations segment assets, based on units produced, subject to minimum and maximum levels. Depreciation expense was million, million, and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. 
 64 

Table of Contents 
 Buildings and improvements Plant, machinery and equipment Construction in progress Less accumulated depreciation Property, plant and equipment, net to Trade names to Other Less accumulated amortization The company utilizes an accelerated amortization methodology for customer, vendor and scrap generator relationships in order to follow the pattern in which the economic benefits of the amounts are anticipated to be consumed. Trade names are amortized using a straight-line methodology. Amortization of intangible assets was million, million, and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. In 2022, a customer relationship of million became fully amortized. 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total 
 65 

Table of Contents 
 million, which include amounts attributable to noncontrolling interests of million, that in total served to reduce net income attributable to Steel Dynamics, Inc. by million for the year ended December 31, 2020. Metals Recycling Operations Segment Steel Fabrication Operations Segment Metals Recycling Operations Segment goodwill includes a decrease of million in 2022 in recognition of the 2022 tax benefit related to the normal amortization of the component of OmniSource tax-deductible goodwill in excess of book goodwill. Cumulative OmniSource goodwill impairment charges were million at December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 66 

Table of Contents 
 impairment was identified during the company s 2022, 2021 or 2020 annual goodwill impairment analysis. million, million, and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. anti-dilutive common stock equivalents as of and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020. 
 67 

Table of Contents 
 Dilutive common share equivalents - - Diluted earnings per share 

2020 Net Income Shares Per Share (Numerator) (Denominator) Amount Basic earnings per share Dilutive common share equivalents - Diluted earnings per share 
 68 

Table of Contents 
 of ROCA ACERO, S.A. de C.V. (ROCA) on October 1, 2022. The acquisition of ROCA is part of the company s North American raw material procurement strategy. ROCA is headquartered in Monterrey, Mexico, and operates five ferrous and nonferrous scrap facilities strategically positioned near high-volume industrial scrap sources located throughout Central and Northern Mexico. The transaction was funded with available cash. Post -acquisition operating results are reflected in the company s financial statements in the metals recycling operations segment. Aluminum Dynamics The company attained a equity interest in a joint venture concurrently formed with Unity Aluminum, Inc. on July 29, 2022, for the construction and operation of a new state-of-the-art low-carbon aluminum flat roll mill. The transaction was funded with available cash. Operating results from and after July 29, 2022, are reflected in the company s consolidated financial statements, in other operations. United Steel Supply The company purchased a equity interest in United Steel Supply, LLC (USS) on March 1, 2019 and on April 1, 2022, the company purchased an additional in the equity interest of USS. The company has an option to purchase, and the sellers have the option to require the company to purchase, after the fourth anniversary of the transaction (March 1, 2023), the remaining equity interest of USS. The USS noncontrolling interest is therefore reflected in redeemable noncontrolling interest in the consolidated balance sheets. Zimmer The company acquired of Zimmer, S.A. de C.V. (Zimmer) in August 2020 from available cash. The acquisition of Zimmer is part of the company s raw material procurement strategy to support its new Sinton Flat Roll Division. Headquartered in Monterrey, Mexico, Zimmer operates several ferrous and nonferrous scrap facilities strategically positioned near high-volume industrial scrap sources, and several third-party scrap processing locations, located throughout Central and Northern Mexico. Zimmer s post-acquisition operating results are reflected in the company s financial statements in the metals recycling operations segment. Investments in Unconsolidated Affiliates The company purchased a minority equity interest in New Process Steel, L.P. (NPS) on January 31, 2022. NPS is a metals solutions and distribution supply-chain management company headquartered in Houston, Texas, with a focus toward growing its value-added manufacturing applications. On February 28, 2022, the company also purchased a minority equity interest in Aymium, a producer of renewable biocarbon products. As the company does not have power to control these entities, the company accounts for these investments using the equity method of accounting, which are recorded in Other Assets (noncurrent) in the company s consolidated balance sheets with related activity recorded in Other (Income) Expense, net. Profits or losses from transactions with NPS are eliminated until realized by the majority equity interest owner. 
 69 

Table of Contents 
 senior notes due 2024 senior notes due 2025 senior notes due 2026 senior notes due 2027 senior notes due 2030 senior notes due 2031 senior notes due 2050 Other obligations Total debt Less debt issuance costs and original issue discounts Total amounts outstanding Less current maturities Long-term debt Senior Credit Facility due 2024 The company has an unsecured credit agreement which has a senior unsecured revolving credit facility (Facility) which provides a billion unsecured Revolver, which matures December 2024. Subject to certain conditions, the company has the opportunity to increase the Facility size by million. The unsecured Revolver is available to fund working capital, capital expenditures, and other general corporate purposes. The Facility contains financial covenants and other covenants pertaining to the company s ability to incur indebtedness and permit liens on certain assets. The company s ability to borrow funds within the terms of the unsecured Revolver is dependent upon its continued compliance with financial and other covenants. At December 31, 2022, the company had billion of availability on the Revolver, million of outstanding letters of credit and other obligations which reduce availability, and there were borrowings outstanding. The Facility pricing grid is adjusted quarterly and is based on either the company s leverage of net debt (as defined in the Facility) to last-twelve-months (LTM) consolidated Adjusted EBITDA (earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, amortization, and certain other non-cash items as allowed in the Facility), or the company s credit ratings. The minimum pricing is adjusted Secured Overnight Financing Rate (SOFR) plus and the maximum pricing is adjusted SOFR plus . In addition, the company is subject to an unused commitment fee of between and (based on either our leverage of net debt to LTM consolidated adjusted EBITDA, or our credit ratings) which is applied to the unused portion of the Revolver. The financial covenants under the Facility state that the company must maintain an interest coverage ratio of not less than :1.00. The company s interest coverage ratio is calculated by dividing its LTM consolidated Adjusted EBITDA by its LTM gross interest expense, less amortization of financing fees. In addition, a debt to capitalization ratio of not more than :1.00 must be maintained. At December 31, 2022, the company s interest coverage ratio and debt to capitalization ratio were :1.00 and :1.00, respectively. The company was, therefore, in compliance with these covenants at December 31, 2022, and anticipates remaining in compliance during the next twelve months. Senior Unsecured Notes The company has different tranches of senior unsecured notes (Notes) outstanding. These Notes are in equal right of payment with all existing and future senior unsecured indebtedness and are senior in right of payment to all subordinated indebtedness. These Notes contain provisions that allow the company to redeem the Notes on or after the dates and at redemption prices (expressed as a percentage of principal amount) listed below. 
 70 

Table of Contents 
 million of senior notes due 2024 mature on December 15, 2024, with interest payable semi-annually. Early redemption is permitted as follows: any time prior to November 15, 2024, at a make-whole price of the remaining payments to be made discounted at the applicable U.S. Treasury rate plus ; and as of November 15, 2024, at . The company s million of senior notes due 2025 mature on June 15, 2025, with interest payable semi-annually. Early redemption is permitted as follows: any time prior to May 15, 2025, at a make-whole price of the remaining payments to be made discounted at the applicable U.S. Treasury rate plus ; and as of May 15, 2025, at . The company s million of senior notes due 2026 mature on December 15, 2026, with interest payable semi-annually. Early redemption is permitted as follows: as of December 15, 2022, at ; as of December 15, 2023, at ; and as of December 15, 2024, at . The company s million of senior notes due 2027 mature on October 15, 2027, with interest payable semi-annually. Early redemption is permitted as follows: any time prior to August 15, 2027, at a make-whole price of the remaining payments to be made discounted at the applicable U.S. Treasury rate plus ; and as of August 15, 2027, at . The company s million of senior notes due 2030 mature on April 15, 2030, with interest payable semi-annually. Early redemption is permitted as follows: any time prior to January 15, 2030, at a make-whole price of the remaining payments to be made discounted at the applicable U.S. Treasury rate plus ; and as of January 15, 2030, at . The company s million of senior notes due 2031 mature on January 15, 2031, with interest payable semi-annually. Early redemption is permitted as follows: any time prior to October 15, 2030, at a make-whole price of the remaining payments to be made discounted at the applicable U.S. Treasury rate plus ; and as of October 15, 2030, at . The company s million of senior notes due 2050 mature on October 15, 2050, with interest payable semi-annually. Early redemption is permitted as follows: any time prior to April 15, 2050, at a make-whole price of the remaining payments to be made discounted at the applicable U.S. Treasury rate plus ; and as of April 15, 2050, at . Other Obligations Secured Loans. of the company s controlled subsidiaries have entered into financing agreements for certain equipment which bear interest at an average rate of , with monthly principal and interest payments required through 2028. The outstanding principal balance of these agreements was million and million at December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively. One of the company s controlled subsidiaries has a secured credit agreement, which matures in August 2024, and provides a revolving variable rate credit facility of up to million, subject to a borrowing base determined from eligible accounts receivable and inventory, and is further secured with million of letter of credit support from Steel Dynamics, Inc. Interest, which was at December 31, 2022, is payable monthly. Amounts due under the credit facility were million and million at December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively. Another of the company s controlled subsidiaries has a secured credit agreement, which matures in March 2023, and provides a revolving variable rate credit facility of up to million, subject to a borrowing base determined from eligible accounts receivable and inventory. Interest, which was at December 31, 2022, is payable monthly. There were amounts due under the credit facility at December 31, 2022 or 2021. 
 71 

Table of Contents 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter The company capitalizes interest on all qualifying construction in progress assets. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, total interest costs incurred were million, million, and million, respectively, of which million, million and million, respectively, were capitalized . Financing Activity In October 2020, the company issued million of notes due 2027 and million of notes due 2050. The net proceeds from these notes were used to fund the October 2020 call and redemption of the million outstanding principal amount of the company s senior notes due 2025 at a redemption price of , plus accrued and unpaid interest to, but not including, the date of redemption, and for general corporate purposes. The company recorded expenses related to premiums and write off of unamortized debt issuance costs of approximately million, which are reflected in other expenses in the consolidated statement of income for the year ended December 31, 2020. In June 2020, the company issued million of notes due 2025 and million of notes due 2031. The net proceeds from these notes were used to fund the June 2020 call and redemption of the million outstanding principal amount of the company s 5 1/4 senior notes due 2023 at a redemption price of , and the million outstanding principal amount of the company s senior notes due 2024 at a redemption price of , plus accrued and unpaid interest to, but not including, the date of redemption. The company recorded expenses related to premiums, write off of unamortized debt issuance costs, and other expenses of approximately million, which are reflected in other expenses in the consolidated statement of income for the year ended December 31, 2020. Deferred income tax expense Total income tax expense 
 72 

Table of Contents 
 State income taxes, net of federal benefit Release of valuation allowance - - ) Federal research development credits ) ) ) Other permanent differences ) Effective tax rate Inventories Net operating loss carryforwards Other Less: valuation allowance ) ) Total net deferred tax assets Deferred tax liabilities Property, plant and equipment ) ) Amortizable assets ) ) Other ) ) Total deferred tax liabilities ) ) Net deferred tax liability ) ) Certain wholly-owned and controlled subsidiaries of the company file separate federal and state income tax returns. One of the controlled subsidiaries generated federal net operating loss carryforwards in the years 2018 and prior, which total million at December 31, 2022, and which expire in the years 2035 through 2039, along with state net operating loss carryforwards which expire in the years 2034 through 2039. During the fourth quarter of 2020, the company evaluated the realizability of the net deferred tax assets for this controlled subsidiary. In completing this evaluation, the company considered all available positive and negative evidence in order to determine whether, based on the weight of the evidence, a valuation allowance for its deferred tax assets was necessary. Such evidence included current operating results, historical results, future reversals of existing taxable temporary differences and expectations for future taxable income (exclusive of the reversal of temporary differences and carryforwards), as well as the implementation of feasible and prudent tax planning strategies. Based on the positive evidence, the company concluded that it was more likely than not that the net deferred tax assets would be realized. As a result, million of the valuation allowance was reversed in the year ended December 31, 2020. The company continues to maintain a valuation allowance of as of December 31, 2022, and 2021, with respect to certain state tax credits of the controlled subsidiary. 
 73 

Table of Contents 
 Increases related to current year tax positions Increases related to prior year tax positions - Decreases related to prior year tax positions ) ) ) Balance at December 31 Included in the balance of unrecognized tax benefits at December 31, 2022 and 2021, are potential benefits of million and million, respectively, that, if recognized, would affect the effective tax rate. The company recognizes interest and penalties related to its tax contingencies on a net-of-tax basis in income tax expense. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the company recognized expense from the increase of interest expense and penalties of , net of tax and during the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, the company recognized benefits from the decrease of interest expense and penalties of and , respectively, net of tax. In addition to the unrecognized tax benefits in the table above, the company had million and accrued for the payment of interest and penalties at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. It is reasonably possible that the amount of unrecognized tax benefits could change in the next twelve months in an amount ranging from to million, as a result of the expiration of the statute of limitations and other federal and state income tax audits. The company files income tax returns in the U.S. federal jurisdiction as well as income tax returns in various state jurisdictions. The tax years 2019 through 2021 remain open to examination by the Internal Revenue Service and various state and local jurisdictions. million, or per common share, during 2022; million, or per common share, during 2021; and million, or per common share, during 2020. The company paid cash dividends of million, million and million during 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. Treasury Stock In February 2020, the board of directors authorized a share repurchase program of up to million of the company s common stock. This program was exhausted in July 2021. In July 2021, the board of directors authorized an additional share repurchase program of up to billion of the company s common stock. This program was exhausted in April 2022. In February 2022, the board of directors authorized an additional share repurchase program of up to billion of the company s common stock. This program was exhausted in November 2022. In November 2022, the board of directors authorized an additional share repurchase program of up to billion of the company s common stock. Under the above share repurchase programs, and similar prior programs, purchases take place as and when the company determines in open market or private transactions made based upon the market price of the company s common stock, the nature of other investment opportunities or growth projects, the company s cash flows from operations, and general economic conditions. The share repurchase programs do not require the company to acquire any specific number of shares, and may be modified, suspended, extended or terminated by the company at any time. The share repurchase programs do not have an expiration date. The company repurchased million shares for billion during 2022, million shares for billion during 2021, and million shares for million during 2020 under the share repurchase programs. At December 31, 2022, the company had remaining authorization to repurchase billion of additional shares under the November 2022 share repurchase program. 
 74 

Table of Contents), unrestricted stock awards (of which there are ), stock appreciation rights (SARs), and performance awards, such as long-term incentive compensation program (LTIP). The company s shareholders approved the 2015 Plan in May 2015, and million shares of common stock were reserved for issuance upon exercise of equity grants through December 31, 2025. In May 2019, the 2015 Plan was amended and restated with an additional million shares of common stock reserved for issuance upon exercise of equity grants. The 2015 Plan uses a fungible share concept under which any awards that are not a full-value award, such as stock options and stock-settled SARs, will be counted against the share limit as share for each share of common stock, and awards that are full-value awards, such as RSUs, DSUs, restricted and unrestricted stock awards, and performance awards, will be counted against the share limit as shares for each share of common stock. The SARs the company has granted to date can only be settled in cash, and thus, do not count against the share reserve. At December 31, 2022, there were million shares still available for issuance. Substantially all of the company s full-time, non-union, U.S. team members receive RSUs, which are granted annually in November at no cost to employees and vest over the shorter of from grant date or upon the recipient reaching retirement eligible age 59 years ). During 2021 and 2022, certain senior leadership of the company received RSUs in February which vest over a period of 2 to . The stock is issued to employees upon vesting. The company satisfies RSUs with newly issued shares, and satisfies restricted stock awards, DSUs, and performance awards with treasury shares. In addition to the RSUs and LTIP awards granted during the three-year period ended December 31, 2022, presented below, the company awarded , and DSUs in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively; and and SARs in 2021 and 2020, respectively. SARs awards were granted in 2022. The SAR awards outstanding at December 31, 2022, for which no shares of common stock can be issued because the awards must be cash-settled upon exercise, have a weighted-average exercise price of . 
 75 

Table of Contents 
 Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) As of December 31, 2020 Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) As of December 31, 2021 Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) As of December 31, 2022 (nonvested) The weighted average remaining life before vesting of the outstanding RSUs as of December 31, 2022, is years. The fair value of RSUs vesting during 2022, 2021, and 2020 was million, million, and million, respectively, and was net-share settled such that the company withheld shares with value equivalent to the employees minimum statutory obligation for the applicable income and other employment taxes and remitted the cash to the appropriate taxing authorities. The total shares withheld in 2022, 2021, and 2020 were approximately , , and shares, respectively, and were based on the value of the RSUs on their vesting dates as determined by the company s closing stock price. Long-Term Incentive Compensation Program (LTIP) The company maintains an LTIP performance-based program directed toward key senior leadership of the company, as determined at the discretion of the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors. Awards are in shares of the company s common stock using the stock price on the first day of the performance period to convert each key senior executive s predetermined multiple of annual base salary. The performance period is generally ; however, a transition award was issued in 2020 with a shorter performance period. Performance is measured in terms of equal portions of growth and profitability measures, as compared to the same measures, similarly treated, of a pre-established group of steel sector competitors. Awards earned can range from to of the shares awarded. Beginning with 2018, award shares vest immediately once earned on the basis of performance. For awards prior to 2018, once earned on the basis of performance, one-third of the shares vest immediately, and the remaining shares vest in equal annual installments over an additional service-based vesting period requirement. 
 76 

Table of Contents 
 March 2020 March 2021 March 2022 2019 LTIP Award: Three-year performance period award March 2022 2020 LTIP Award: Three-year performance period award March 2023 Two-year performance period transition award March 2022 2021 LTIP Award: Three-year performance period award 2022 LTIP Award: Three-year performance period award 

 Not yet earned as performance period not complete. 2018 Executive Incentive Compensation Plan (2018 Executive Plan) The 2018 Executive Plan provides for eligibility of certain senior leadership of the company to receive cash and stock bonuses based on predetermined formulas. The company s shareholders approved the 2018 Executive Plan in May 2018 and million shares of company stock were reserved for issuance through February 28, 2028. At times a portion of the bonus may be distributed in shares of the company s stock, of which one-third of the shares vest immediately and the remaining shares vest in equal annual installments over an additional service-based vesting period requirement. At December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, million, million, and million shares, respectively, under the 2018 Executive Plan remained available for issuance. Pursuant to the 2018 Executive Plan, , , and shares were awarded with a market value of million, million, and million for the 2022, 2021, and 2020 award years, respectively . 
 77 

Table of Contents 
 Aluminum Short Copper Long Copper Short Derivative instruments not designated as hedges Commodity futures Other current assets Total derivative instruments 
 78 

Table of Contents 
 million and million at December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively, and are reflected in other current assets in the consolidated balance sheets. 

Amount of Location of gain gain (loss) Location of gain Amount of gain (loss) recognized recognized in Hedged items in (loss) recognized (loss) recognized in in income on income on fair value hedge in income on income on related derivatives derivatives relationships related hedged items hedged items For the Year Ended December 31, 2022 Derivatives in fair value hedging relationships Commodity futures Costs of goods sold Firm commitments Costs of goods sold ) Inventory Costs of goods sold ) Derivatives not designated ) as hedging instruments Commodity futures Costs of goods sold 

For the Year Ended December 31, 2021 Derivatives in fair value hedging relationships Commodity futures Costs of goods sold ) Firm commitments Costs of goods sold Inventory Costs of goods sold Derivatives not designated as hedging instruments Commodity futures Costs of goods sold ) 

For the Year Ended December 31, 2020 Derivatives in fair value hedging relationships Commodity futures Costs of goods sold ) Firm commitments Costs of goods sold ) Inventory Costs of goods sold ) Derivatives not designated ) as hedging instruments Commodity futures Costs of goods sold ) Derivatives accounted for as fair value hedges had ineffectiveness resulting in gains of , losses of , and gains of for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. Losses excluded from hedge effectiveness testing of and million increased cost of goods sold for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2020, respectively. Gains excluded from hedge effectiveness testing of million decreased cost of goods sold for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 79 

Table of Contents 
 million, million and million recognized in other comprehensive income for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. Net losses of million were reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income to expense for the year ended December 31, 2022. Net gains of million and , were reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income into income for the years ended December 31, 2021, and 2020, respectively. At December 31, 2022, the company expects to reclassify million of net gains on derivative instruments from accumulated other comprehensive income to income during the next 12 months due to the settlement of futures contracts. The maximum term over which the company is hedging its exposure to the variability of future cash flows for forecasted transactions is less than 12 months . - - Commodity futures financial assets - - Commodity futures financial liabilities - - December 31, 2021 Commodity futures financial assets - - Commodity futures financial liabilities - - The carrying amounts of financial instruments including cash and equivalents, and restricted cash approximate fair value (Level 1). The fair values of short-term investments commodity futures contracts are estimated by the use of quoted market prices, estimates obtained from brokers, and other appropriate valuation techniques based on references available (Level 2). The fair value of long-term debt, including current maturities, as determined by quoted market prices (Level 2), was approximately billion and billion at December 31, 2022 and 2021 (with a corresponding carrying amount in the consolidated balance sheet of billion at December 31, 2022 and 2021). 
 80 

Table of Contents 
 for physical commodity requirements and commodity transportation requirements, with some extending beyond, and for up to for air products and for water products. The company utilized such take or pay requirements during the past under these contracts, except for certain air products at the idled Minnesota ironmaking operations. The company believes that production requirements will be such that consumption of the products or services purchased under these commitments will occur in the normal production process, other than certain air products related to our idled Minnesota ironmaking operations. 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter At December 31, 2022, the company has outstanding commitments of billion, of which billion are expected to be paid in 2023 and an expected million in 2024, related to ongoing construction of property, plant, and equipment, most significantly our newly announced aluminum flat roll mill, and other steel operations expansion projects. The company s commitments for operating leases are discussed in Note 12. Leases. The company is involved in various litigation matters, including administrative proceedings, regulatory proceedings, governmental investigations, environmental matters, and commercial and construction contract disputes, none of which are expected to have a material impact on the company s financial condition, results of operations, or liquidity. Accounts receivable Purchases Accounts payable 
 81 

Table of Contents 
 million, million, and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. Profit sharing expense for eligible employees is of consolidated pretax income excluding noncontrolling interests and other items. The resulting profit sharing expense under the Plan was million, million, and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively; of which up to million, million (subject to total Plan contribution limitations), and million, respectively, was directed by the company s board of directors to be contributed to the Plans, with the remaining amounts each year paid directly in cash to the Plans participants. or the lease. For purposes of calculating operating lease obligations, the company s lease terms include options to extend the lease when it is reasonably certain that the company will exercise such option. The company uses its incremental borrowing rate at lease commencement to determine the present value of lease payments. The incremental borrowing rate is the rate of interest the company could borrow on a collateralized basis over a similar term with similar payments. Operating lease expense is recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term. Lease obligations under operating leases: Accrued liabilities Other liabilities - noncurrent The weighted average remaining lease term for our operating leases is , and the weighted-average discount rate is and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total undiscounted cash flows Less imputed interest ) Lease obligations under operating leases 
 82 

Table of Contents 
 million, million, and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. Cash paid related to operating lease obligations was million, million, and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. Variable lease costs were not material for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, or 2020. Short-term lease expense included in the consolidated statements of income was million, million, and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for new operating lease liabilities for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, was million, with addition of million related to ROCA, million, and million, with addition of million related to Zimmer, respectively. - External Non-United States - Other segments ) - ) Operating income (loss) ) (1) Income (loss) before income taxes ) (2) Depreciation and amortization - Capital expenditures - As of December 31, 2022 Assets (3) ) (4) 
 83 

Table of Contents) (2) Gross profit increase from intra-company sales Companywide equity-based compensation ) Profit sharing ) Other, net ) ) (3) Cash and equivalents (4) Elimination of intra-company receivables ) Short-term investments Elimination of intra-company debt ) Accounts receivable Elimination of intra-company profit in inventory ) Inventories ) Property, plant and equipment, net Intra-company debt Investments in unconsolidated affiliates Other 

Metals Steel For the year ended Steel Recycling Fabrication December 31, 2021 Operations Operations Operations Other Eliminations Consolidated Net sales - disaggregated revenue External - External Non-United States - Other segments ) - ) Operating income (loss) ) (1) ) Income (loss) before income taxes ) ) (2) Depreciation and amortization - Capital expenditures - As of December 31, 2021 Assets (3) ) (4) 

Footnotes related to the year ended December 31, 2021, segment results (in millions): (1) Corporate SG A ) (2) Gross profit decrease from intra-company sales ) Companywide equity-based compensation ) Profit sharing ) Other, net ) ) (3) Cash and equivalents (4) Elimination of intra-company receivables ) Accounts receivable Elimination of intra-company debt ) Inventories Elimination of intra-company profit in inventory ) Property, plant and equipment, net ) Intra-company debt Other 
 84 

Table of Contents 
 - External Non-United States - Other segments ) - ) Operating income (loss) ) (1) ) Income (loss) before income taxes ) ) (2) Depreciation and amortization - Capital expenditures - 

Footnotes related to the year ended December 31, 2020, segment results (in millions): (1) Corporate SG A ) (2) Gross profit decrease from intra-company sales ) Companywide equity-based compensation ) Profit sharing ) Asset impairment charges ) Other, net ) ) 
 85 

Table of Contents 
 ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE None. ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES (a) Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures. As required, we carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act). Based on this evaluation, our principal executive officer and principal financial officer concluded that, as of December 31, 2022, the end of the period covered by this annual report, our disclosure controls and procedures were designed to provide and were effective to provide reasonable assurance that the information required to be disclosed by us in the reports we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the applicable rules and forms, and that it is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive and principal financial officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Management s report on our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) and the independent registered public accounting firm s related audit report are included in Item 8. Consolidated Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of this Form 10-K and are incorporated herein by reference. (b) Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting No changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) occurred during the fiscal quarter ended December 31, 2022, that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. Our Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting, as of December 31, 2022, can be found on page 52 of this Form 10-K, and the related Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm, Ernst Young LLP, can be found on page 53 of this Form 10-K, each of which is incorporated by reference into this Item 9A. ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION None. ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS Not applicable. 
 86 

Table of Contents 
 PART III ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS, AND CORPORATE GOVERANCE The information required to be furnished pursuant to Item 10 with respect to directors, executive officers, code of ethics, and audit committee and audit committee financial experts is incorporated herein by reference from the section entitled Governance of the Company and Proposal No. 1 Election of Directors in our Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, which we will file with the Securities and Exchange Commission no later than 120 days after the end of our fiscal year. ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION The information required to be furnished pursuant to Item 11 with respect to executive compensation is incorporated herein by reference from the section entitled Executive Compensation and Related Information in our Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, which we will file with the Securities and Exchange Commission no later than 120 days after the end of our fiscal year. ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS The information relating to security ownership of certain beneficial owners and management required by Item 12 is incorporated herein by reference from the section entitled Security Ownership of Directors and Executive Officers and Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners in our Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, which we will file with the Securities and Exchange Commission no later than 120 days after the end of our fiscal year. The Equity Compensation Plan Information required by Item 12 is set forth in the table below. Equity Compensation Plan Information Our stockholders approved the Steel Dynamics, Inc. 2015 Equity Incentive Plan at our annual meeting of stockholders held May 21, 2015, and the Amended and Restated Steel Dynamics, Inc. 2015 Equity Incentive Plan (2015 Plan) at our annual meeting of stockholders held May 16, 2019. Our stockholders approved the Amended and Restated Steel Dynamics, Inc. 2006 Equity Incentive Plan at our annual meeting of stockholders held May 17, 2012 (2006 Plan). Our stockholders approved the Steel Dynamics, Inc. 2018 Executive Incentive Compensation Plan at our annual meeting of stockholders held May 17, 2018 (2018 Plan). The following table summarizes information about our equity compensation plans at December 31, 2022, all of which have been approved by stockholders. We do not have any equity compensation plans that have not been approved by stockholders. (a) (b) (c) Number of securities remaining available for Number of securities to be future issuance under equity issued upon exercise of Weighted-average compensation outstanding options, exercise price of outstanding plans (excluding securities Plan Category warrants and rights options, warrants and rights (1) reflected in column (a)) Equity compensation plans approved by security holders: 2015 Plan and predecessor 2006 Plan (1) 1,562,872 2,459,482 2018 Plan 171,243 1,363,297 Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders N/A N/A N/A Total 1,734,115 3,822,779 

 (1) Includes 973,551 RSUs, 263,265 DSUs, and 326,056 LTIP awards issuable upon expiration of the vesting or deferral periods, which have no exercise price . 

 87 

Table of Contents 
 ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE The information required to be furnished pursuant to Item 13 with respect to certain relationships and related transactions is incorporated herein by reference from the sections entitled Governance of the Company Statement of Policy for the Review, Approval or Ratification of Transactions with Related Persons, and Governance of the Company Director Independence in our Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, which we will file with the Securities and Exchange Commission no later than 120 days after the end of our fiscal year; and from Note 10. Transactions with Affiliated Companies to our consolidated financial statements as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and each of the three years in the periods ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, included in Item 8. Consolidated Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of this Form 10-K Annual Report for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES The information required to be furnished pursuant to Item 14 with respect to principal accountant fees and services is incorporated herein by reference from the sections entitled Proposal No. 2 Ratification of the Appointment of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm as Auditors Audit and Non-Audit Fees and Proposal No. 2 Ratification of the Appointment of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm as Auditors Policy on Audit Committee Pre-Approval of Audit and Permissible Non-Audit Services of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm in our Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, which we will file with the Securities and Exchange Commission no later than 120 days after the end of our fiscal year. 
 88 

Table of Contents 
 PART IV ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES (a) The following documents are filed as a part of this report: 1. Financial Statements: See the Audited Consolidated Financial Statements of Steel Dynamics, Inc. included as part of Item 8. Consolidated Financial Statements and Supplementary Data and described in the Index on page 51 of this Report. 2. Financial Statement Schedules: All schedules for which provision is made in the applicable regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission are not required under the related instructions or are inapplicable and therefore have been omitted. (b) Exhibits: Reference is made to the Exhibit Index preceding the signature pages hereto, which Exhibit Index is hereby incorporated into this item. ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY None. 
 89 

Table of Contents 
 EXHIBIT INDEX Articles of Incorporation 

3.1 Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of Steel Dynamics, Inc., reflecting all amendments thereto through May 17, 2018, incorporated herein by reference from Exhibit 3.1e to our Form 10-Q filed August 9, 2018. 3.2 Amended and Restated Bylaws of Steel Dynamics, Inc., reflecting all amendments thereto through January 23, 2023. Instruments Defining the Rights of Security Holders, Including Indentures 4.1 Description of Common Stock, incorporated herein by reference from Exhibit 4.1 to our Form 10-K filed February 27, 2020. 4.27a Indenture dated December 6, 2016, relating to our issuance of 400 million 5.000 Senior Notes due 2026, among Steel Dynamics, Inc., as Issuer, the Initial Subsidiary Guarantors named therein, and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Trustee, incorporated herein by reference from Exhibit 4.27 to our Form 8-K filed December 8, 2016. 4.27b Form of 5.000 Senior Notes due 2026 (included in Exhibit 4.27a), incorporated herein by reference from Exhibit 4.27 to our Form 8-K filed December 8, 2016. 4.31 Indenture dated December 4, 2019, among Steel Dynamics, Inc., as Issuer, and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Trustee, incorporated herein by reference from Exhibit 4.1 to our Registration Statement on Form S-3 (Registration No. 333-235343) filed December 4, 2019. 4.32 First Supplemental Indenture dated December 11, 2019, relating to our issuance of 400 million 2.800 Notes due 2024, and 600 million 3.450 Notes due 2030 among Steel Dynamics, Inc., as Issuer, and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Trustee, incorporated herein by reference from Exhibit 4.2 to our Form 8-K filed December 11, 2019. 4.33 Form of 2.800 Notes due 2024 (included in Exhibit 4.32), incorporated herein by reference from Exhibit 4.3 to our Form 8-K filed December 11, 2019. 4.34 Form of 3.450 Notes due 2030 (included in Exhibit 4.32), incorporated herein by reference from Exhibit 4.4 to our Form 8-K filed December 11, 2019. 4.35 Second Supplemental Indenture, dated as of June 5, 2020, relating to our issuance of 400 million 2.400 Notes due 2025 and 500 million 3.250 Notes due 2031, between Steel Dynamics, Inc. and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Trustee, incorporated herein by reference from Exhibit 4.2 to our Form 8-K filed June 5, 2020. 4.36 Form of 2.400 Notes due 2025 (included in Exhibit 4.35), incorporated herein by reference from Exhibit 4.3 to our Form 8-K filed June 5, 2020. 4.37 Form of 3.250 Notes due 2031 (included in Exhibit 4.35), incorporated herein by reference from Exhibit 4.4 to our Form 8-K filed June 5, 2020. 
 90 

Table of Contents 
 4.38 Third Supplemental Indenture, dated as of October 9, 2020, relating to our issuance of 350 million 1.650 Notes due 2027 and 400 million 3.250 Notes due 2050, between Steel Dynamics, Inc. and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Trustee, incorporated herein by reference from Exhibit 4.2 to our Form 8-K filed October 9, 2020. 4.39 Form of 1.650 Notes due 2027 (included in Exhibit 4.38), incorporated herein by reference from Exhibit 4.3 to our Form 8-K filed October 9, 2020. 4.40 Form of 3.250 Notes due 2050 (included in Exhibit 4.38), incorporated herein by reference from Exhibit 4.4 to our Form 8-K filed October 9, 2020. 4.41 Indenture, dated as of December 7, 2022, between Steel Dynamics, Inc., as Issuer, and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as Trustee, incorporated herein by reference from Exhibit 4.1 to our Registration Statement on Form S-3 (Registration No. 333-268703) filed December 7, 2022. Material Contracts 10.20 Steel Dynamics, Inc., Change in Control Benefit Plan, incorporated herein by reference from our Exhibit 10.20 to our 8-K filed December 4, 2012. 10.41b Amended and Restated Steel Dynamics, Inc. 2006 Equity Incentive Plan, as approved by shareholders on May 17, 2012, incorporated herein by reference from our Exhibit 10.41b to our 8-K filed August 21, 2012. 10.52 Director Agreement between the Company and Keith E. Busse, dated October 14, 2011, incorporated herein by reference from Exhibit 10.52 to our Form 8-K filed October 20, 2011. 10.55 Steel Dynamics, Inc. 2014 Employee Stock Purchase Plan, incorporated herein by reference from our May 15, 2014, Notice of Annual Meeting and Stockholders filed March 27, 2014. 10.59 Credit Agreement dated as of December 3, 2019, by and among Steel Dynamics, Inc. and the agents and lenders named therein, incorporated herein by reference from Exhibit 10.59 to our Form 8-K filed December 3, 2019. 10.60 Amended and Restated 2015 Equity Incentive Plan, as approved by shareholders on May 16, 2019, incorporated herein by reference from our May 16, 2019, Notice of Annual Meeting of Stockholders filed March 27, 2019. 10.61 2018 Executive Incentive Compensation Plan, approved by stockholders on May 17, 2018, incorporated herein by reference from our May 17, 2018, Notice of Annual Meeting of Stockholders filed March 28, 2018. Other 21.1 List of our Subsidiaries. 23.1 Consent of Ernst Young LLP. 24.1 Powers of attorney (see signature pages on pages 89 and 90 of this Report). 95 Mine Safety Disclosures. 
 91 

Table of Contents 
 Executive Officer Certifications 31.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer required by Item 307 of Regulation S-K as promulgated by the Securities and Exchange Commission and pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 31.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer required by Item 307 of Regulation S-K as promulgated by the Securities and Exchange Commission and pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 32.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 32.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. XBRL Documents 101.INS XBRL Instance Document the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Presentation Linkbase Document 104 Cover page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 

 Filed concurrently herewith Indicates a management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 
 92 

Table of Contents 
 SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of Securities Exchange Act of 1934, Steel Dynamics, Inc. has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

February 28, 2023 STEEL DYNAMICS, INC. By: /s/ MARK D. MILLETT Mark D. Millett Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) POWER OF ATTORNEY Each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints Mark D. Millett and Theresa E. Wagler, either of whom may act without the joinder of the other, as his or her true and lawful attorneys-in-fact and agents with full power of substitution and resubstitution, for him or her, and in his or her name, place and stead, in any and all capacities to sign any and all amendments, and supplements to this 2022 Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto, and all other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents full power and authority to do and performs each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done, as full to all intents and purposes as he or she might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorneys-in-fact and agents or their substitute or substitutes may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue thereof. Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this 2022 Annual Report on Form 10-K has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of Steel Dynamics, Inc. and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signatures Title Date /s/ MARK D. MILLETT Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer February 28, 2023 Mark D. Millett (Principal Executive Officer) /s/ THERESA E. WAGLER Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer February 28, 2023 Theresa E. Wagler (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) /s/ KEITH E. BUSSE Director February 28, 2023 Keith E. Busse /s/ SHEREE L. BARGABOS Director February 28, 2023 Sheree L. Bargabos /s/ KENNETH W. CORNEW Director February 28, 2023 Kenneth W. Cornew /s/ TRACI M. DOLAN Director February 28, 2023 Traci M. Dolan /s/ JAMES C. MARCUCCILLI Director February 28, 2023 James C. Marcuccilli /s/ BRADLEY S. SEAMAN Director February 28, 2023 Bradley S. Seaman 
 93 

Table of Contents 
 /s/ GABRIEL L. SHAHEEN Director February 28, 2023 Gabriel L. Shaheen /s/ LUIS M. SIERRA Director February 28, 2023 Luis M. Sierra /s/ STEVEN A. SONNENBERG Director February 28, 2023 Steven A. Sonnenberg /s/ RICHARD P. TEETS, JR. Director February 28, 2023 Richard P. Teets, Jr. 
 94 

<EX-3.2>
 2
 stld-20221231xex3d2.htm
 EX-3.2

Exhibit 3.2 AMENDED AND RESTATED BYLAWS OF STEEL DYNAMICS, INC. ARTICLE I OFFICES Section 1.1. Principal Office. The principal office of the Corporation shall be at 7575 West Jefferson Blvd., Fort Wayne, Indiana 46804, or at such other place as may be designated by the Board of Directors. Section 1.2. Other Offices. The Corporation may also have other offices at such places as the Board of Directors may designate or as the business of the Corporation may require from time to time. Section 1.3. Registered Office and Agent. The Corporation shall maintain a Registered Office and Registered Agent as required by the Indiana Business Corporation Law. ARTICLE II SHAREHOLDERS Section 2.1. Annual Meeting. The annual meeting of the shareholders of the Corporation shall be held at such place (either within or without the State of Indiana but which is reasonably convenient for shareholders to attend) and time (not later than the end of the sixth month following the close of the fiscal year) as may be fixed by the Board of Directors and designated in the notice or waiver of notice of the meeting. At the annual meeting, the directors for the ensuing year shall be elected and all such other business as may properly be brought before the meeting shall be transacted. The Secretary of the Corporation shall cause notice of the annual meeting to be given to each shareholder of record of the Corporation entitled to vote either by delivery to the shareholder in person or by depositing in the United States mail, postage prepaid, in an envelope addressed to the shareholder s address shown in the Corporation s current record of shareholders, a written or printed notice stating the place, day and hour of the holding of the meeting. Notices shall be delivered personally or mailed no fewer than ten (10) nor more than sixty (60) days before the date of the meeting. If required by any provision of the Indiana Business Corporation Law or by the Articles of Incorporation of the Corporation or if required by the Board of Directors, the notice shall also state the purpose or purposes for which the meeting is called. Section 2.2. Special Meetings. Special meetings of the shareholders may be held at the principal office of the Corporation or at any other place which is reasonably convenient for shareholders to attend, as may be designated in the notice or waiver of notice of the meeting. Special meetings may be called in writing by the President, the Secretary or the Board of Directors. The Secretary of the Corporation shall cause notice of the holding of a special meeting to be given to each shareholder of record of the Corporation entitled to vote upon the business to be transacted at the meeting either by delivery to the shareholder personally or by depositing in the United States mail, postage prepaid, in an envelope addressed to the shareholder s address shown in the Corporation s current record of shareholders, a written or printed notice stating the place, day, hour, and purpose or purposes for which such meeting is called. Notices shall be delivered personally or mailed no fewer than ten (10) nor more than sixty (60) days before the date of such meeting. Section 2.3. Address of Shareholder. The address of a shareholder appearing upon the Corporation s record of shareholders shall be deemed to be the latest address of the shareholder that has been furnished in writing to the Corporation by the shareholder. Section 2.4. Waiver of Notice. A shareholder may waive notice of any shareholder s meeting before or after the date and time specified in the notice. The waiver must be in writing and be delivered to the Corporation for inclusion in the minutes or filing with the corporate records. A shareholder s attendance at a meeting: (1) waives objection to lack of notice or defective notice of the meeting, unless the shareholder at the beginning of the meeting objects to holding the meeting or transacting business at the meeting; and (2) waives objection to consideration of a particular matter at the meeting that is not within the purpose or purposes described in the meeting notice, unless the shareholder objects to considering the matter when it is presented. 

 Section 2.5. Quorum. At any meeting of the shareholders the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of the Corporation entitled to vote who are present in person or represented by proxy shall constitute a quorum for the transaction of business. Once a share is represented for any purpose at a meeting, it is deemed present for quorum purposes for the remainder of the meeting and for any adjournment of that meeting unless a new record date is set or is required to be set under the Indiana Business Corporation Law or otherwise. Section 2.6. Voting. Except as the Articles of Incorporation may otherwise state, at each meeting of the shareholders, every shareholder owning shares entitled to vote shall have the right to one (1) vote for each such share standing in his name on the books of the Corporation. The shareholder may vote either in person or by proxy appointed in writing signed by the shareholder or by the shareholder s duly authorized attorney-in-fact and delivered to the Secretary of the Corporation or other officer or agent authorized to tabulate votes at or before the time of the holding of the meeting. No proxy shall be valid after eleven (11) months from the date of its execution unless a longer time is expressly provided therein. Only shares which are fully paid and nonassessable may be voted. If the name signed on a vote, consent, waiver, or proxy appointment does not correspond to the name of its shareholder, the Corporation if acting in good faith is nevertheless entitled to accept the vote, consent, waiver, or proxy appointment and give it effect as the act of the shareholder if: (1) the name signed purports to be that of an administrator, executor, guardian, or conservator representing the shareholder and, if the Corporation requests, evidence of fiduciary status acceptable to the Corporation has been presented with respect to the vote, consent, waiver, or proxy appointment; (2) the name signed purports to be that of a receiver or trustee in bankruptcy of the shareholder and, if the Corporation requests, evidence of this status acceptable to the Corporation has been presented with respect to the vote, consent, waiver, or proxy appointment; (3) the name signed purports to be that of a pledgee, beneficial owner, or attorney-in-fact of the shareholder and, if the Corporation requests, evidence acceptable to the Corporation of the signatory s authority to sign for the shareholder has been presented with respect to the vote, consent, waiver, or proxy appointment; or (4) two (2) or more persons are the shareholder as co-tenants or fiduciaries and the name signed purports to be the name of at least one (1) of the co-owners and the person signing appears to be acting on behalf of all the co-owners. The Corporation is entitled to reject a vote, consent, waiver, or proxy appointment if the Secretary or other officer or agent authorized to tabulate votes, acting in good faith, has reasonable basis for doubt about the validity of the signature on it or about the signatory s authority to sign for the shareholder. Section 2.7. Shareholder List. After the record date for, and more than five (5) business days before, each shareholders meeting, the Secretary of the Corporation shall make, or cause to be made, an alphabetical list of the names of the shareholders entitled to notice of the meeting, arranged by voting group (and within each voting group by class or series of shares) and showing the address of and the number of shares held by each shareholder. The list shall be available for inspection and copying to the extent provided in the Indiana Business Corporation Law. Section 2.8. Fixing of Record Date. For the purpose of determining shareholders entitled to notice of or to vote at any meeting of shareholders, to demand a special meeting, or to take any other action, the Board of Directors may fix in advance a date, not more than seventy (70) days before the date of such meeting or action, as the record date for the determination of shareholders. In the absence of such a determination by the Board of Directors, the date for the determination of shareholders shall be ten (10) days before the date of the meeting or action. Section 2.9. Order of Business. The order of business at annual meetings and, so far as practicable, at all other meetings of shareholders shall be: 

 (a) Proof of due notice of meeting. (b) Ascertainment of quorum. (c) Reading and disposal of any unapproved minutes. (d) Reports of officers and committees. (e) Unfinished business. (f) New business. (g) Election of Directors. (h) Adjournment. ARTICLE III DIRECTORS Section 3.1. Powers of Directors . All corporate powers shall be exercised by or under the authority of, and the business and affairs of the Corporation managed under the direction of, the Board of Directors, subject to any limitation set forth in the Articles of Incorporation or these bylaws. Section 3.2. Number. The current number of directors of the Corporation shall not be less than five (5) nor more than thirteen (13). The exact number of directors of the Corporation shall be determined from time to time by resolution of the Board of Directors, but no decrease shall shorten the term of an incumbent director. Directors need not be shareholders when first nominated or elected to the Board of Directors, but thereafter will be subject to the Corporation s equity ownership policy for Directors. Directors shall be elected at each annual meeting of the shareholders or at a special meeting called for that purpose. Section 3.3. Resignation. A director may resign at any time by delivering written notice to the Board of Directors, its Chairman (if any), or the Secretary of the Corporation, and the acceptance of the resignation, unless required by the terms thereof, shall not be necessary to make it effective. It shall be effective when the notice is delivered unless the notice specifies a later effective date. Section 3.4. Removal of Directors. To the extent applicable, directors may be removed only as provided by the Indiana Business Corporation Law. Section 3.5. Vacancies. If any vacancy occurs on the Board of Directors, the vacancy shall be filled as provided by the Indiana Business Corporation Law. The term of a director elected to fill a vacancy expires at the end of the term for which the director s predecessor was elected. Section 3.6. Regular Meetings. A regular meeting of the Board of Directors shall be held at the place of (or reasonably near thereto) and promptly following the annual meeting of the shareholders. Other regular meetings may be held at the principal office of the Corporation or at any other place reasonably convenient for directors to attend, at such times and places as the Board of Directors may fix from time to time. No notice shall be required for regular Board meetings. Section 3.7. Special Meetings. Special meetings of the Board of Directors shall be held at the principal office of the Corporation or at any other place reasonably convenient for directors to attend whenever called by the President of the Corporation or by any member of the Board. Notice of the meeting specifying the date, time and place thereof shall be given to each director either by United States mail, postage prepaid in an envelope addressed to such director, or by telephone, facsimile or other form of wire or wireless communication on twenty-four (24) hours notice, or on such shorter notice as the person or persons calling such meeting may deem necessary or appropriate in the circumstances. The notice need not describe the purpose of the special meeting. Notice of the 

 date, time and place of the holding of any special meeting may be waived, before or after the date and time stated in the notice, by written notice signed by any director and filed with the minutes or corporate records. A director s attendance at or participation in any meeting shall constitute a waiver of the notice of the meeting, unless the director at the beginning of the meeting (or promptly upon the director s arrival) objects to holding the meeting or transacting business at the meeting and does not thereafter vote for or assent to action taken at the meeting. Section 3.8. Conduct of Meetings . The Board Chair shall preside at all meetings of the Board of Directors and the Secretary of the Corporation shall act as secretary of the Board, but in their absence the directors may appoint another person to serve. The order of business at all meetings shall be as follows: (a) Proof of due notice of the meeting, if notice is required. (b) Ascertainment of quorum. (c) Reading and disposal of any unapproved minutes. (d) Reports of officers. (e) Reports of committees. (f) Unfinished business. (g) New business. (h) Adjournment. Section 3.9. Quorum and Voting. A majority of the actual number of directors elected and qualified from time to time shall be necessary to constitute a quorum for the transaction of any business. The act of a majority of the directors present at a meeting at which a quorum is present shall be the act of the Board of Directors, unless the act of a greater number is expressly required by the Indiana Business Corporation Law, the Articles of Incorporation, or another provision of these bylaws. Section 3.10. Assent by Director to Action Taken at a Meeting. A director who is present at a meeting of the Board of Directors or a committee of the Board at which action on any corporate matter is taken is deemed to have assented to the action taken unless: (1) the director objects at the beginning of the meeting (or promptly upon the director s arrival) to holding it or transacting business at the meeting; (2) the director s dissent or abstention from the action taken is entered in the minutes of the meeting; or (3) the director delivers written notice of the director s dissent or abstention to the presiding officer of the meeting before its adjournment or to the Secretary of the Corporation immediately after adjournment of the meeting. The right of dissent or abstention is not available to a director who votes in favor of the action taken. Section 3.11. Directors or Committee Action by Consent in Lieu of Meeting. Any action required or permitted to be taken at any meeting of the Board of Directors or any committee thereof may be taken without a meeting if the action is taken by all members of the Board or committee. The action shall be evidenced by one (1) or more written consents describing the action taken, signed by each director, and included in the minutes or filed with the Corporation s records reflecting the action taken. A written consent is effective when the last director signs the consent, unless the consent specifies a different prior or subsequent effective date. 

 Section 3.12. Meetings by Telephone or Other Communications. The Board of Directors may permit any or all directors to participate in a regular or special meeting by, or conduct the meeting through the use of, any means of communication by which all directors participating may simultaneously hear each other during the meeting. A director participating in a meeting by this means is deemed to be present in person at the meeting. Section 3.13. Compensation. Each member of the Board of Directors shall be paid such compensation as shall be fixed by the Board of Directors. This shall not preclude any director from serving in any other capacity and receiving compensation therefor. Section 3.14. Committees. The Board by resolution may establish one or more committees. Section 3.15. Election Not to Be Governed by Section 23-1-33-6(c) of the Indiana Business Corporation Law. Subject at all times to the provisions of Section 23-1-33-6(c) of the Indiana Business Corporation Law, the Corporation hereby elects not to be governed by that section. Section 3.16. Proxy Access. (a) Subject to the terms and conditions of these bylaws, whenever the Board of Directors solicits proxies with respect to the election of directors at an annual meeting of shareholders, the Corporation (i) shall include in its proxy statement and on its form of proxy the names of, and (ii) shall include in its proxy statement the Additional Information (as defined below) relating to, the Authorized Number (as defined below) of nominees for election to the Board of Directors submitted pursuant to this Section 3.16 (each, a Shareholder Nominee ), if: (A) the Shareholder Nominee satisfies the eligibility requirements in this Section 3.16; (B) the Shareholder Nominee is identified in a timely notice (the Shareholder Notice that satisfies this Section 3.16 and is delivered by a shareholder that qualifies as, or is acting on behalf of, an Eligible Shareholder (as defined below); (C) the Eligible Shareholder satisfies the requirements in this Section 3.16 and expressly elects at the time of the delivery of the Shareholder Notice to have the Shareholder Nominee included in the Corporation s proxy materials; and (D) any additional applicable requirements of these bylaws are met. (b) The maximum number of Shareholder Nominees appearing in the Corporation s proxy materials with respect to an annual meeting of shareholders (the Authorized Number shall not exceed the greater of (i) two or (ii) twenty percent (20 of the number of directors in office as of the last day on which a Shareholder Notice may be delivered pursuant to this Section 3.16 with respect to the annual meeting of shareholders, or, if such amount is not a whole number, the closest whole number (rounding down) below twenty percent (20 ); provided, however, that the Authorized Number shall be reduced (A) by any Shareholder Nominee whose name was submitted for inclusion in the Corporation s proxy materials pursuant to this Section 3.16 but whom the Board of Directors decides to nominate as a Board of Directors nominee, but not below one; (B) by any directors in office or director nominees that, in either case, shall be included in the Corporation s proxy materials with respect to the annual meeting as an unopposed (by the Corporation) nominee pursuant to an agreement, arrangement or other understanding between the Corporation and a shareholder or a group of shareholders (other than any such agreement, arrangement or other understanding entered into in connection with an acquisition of capital stock, by the shareholder or the group of shareholders, from the Corporation); and (C) by any nominees who were previously elected to the Board of Directors as Shareholder Nominees at any of the preceding two annual meetings of shareholders and who are nominated for election at the annual meeting of shareholders by the Board of Directors as a Board of Directors nominee. In the event that one or more vacancies for any reason occurs after the date of the Shareholder Notice but before the annual meeting and the Board of Directors resolves to reduce the size of the Board of Directors in connection therewith, the Authorized Number shall be calculated based on the number of directors in office as so reduced. (c) To qualify as an Eligible Shareholder for purposes of this Section 3.16, a shareholder or a group of shareholders must: (i) Own and have Owned (as defined below), continuously for at least three years as of the date of the Shareholder Notice, a number of shares (as adjusted to account for any stock dividend, stock split, subdivision, combination, reclassification or recapitalization of shares of stock of the 

 Corporation that are entitled to vote generally in the election of directors) that represents at least three percent (3 of the voting power of the issued and outstanding shares of stock of the Corporation that are entitled to vote generally in the election of directors as of the date of the Shareholder Notice (the Required Shares and (ii) thereafter continue to Own the Required Shares through such annual meeting of shareholders. For purposes of satisfying the ownership requirements of this Section 3.16(c), a group of not more than 20 shareholders and/or beneficial owners may aggregate the number of shares of stock of the Corporation that are entitled to vote generally in the election of directors that each group member has individually Owned continuously for at least three years as of the date of the Shareholder Notice if all other requirements and obligations for an Eligible Shareholder set forth in this Section 3.16 are satisfied by and as to each shareholder or beneficial owner comprising the group of shareholders whose shares are aggregated. No shares may be attributed to more than one Eligible Shareholder, and no shareholder or beneficial owner, alone or together with any of its affiliates, may individually or as a member of a group qualify as or constitute more than one Eligible Shareholder under this Section 3.16(c). A group of any two or more funds shall be treated as only one shareholder or beneficial owner for this purpose if they are (A) under common management and investment control; (B) under common management and funded primarily by a single employer; or (C) part of a group of investment companies, as such term is defined in Section 12(d)(1)(G)(ii) of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended. For purposes of this Section 3.16, the term affiliate or affiliates shall have the meaning ascribed thereto under the rules and regulations promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). (d) (i) For purposes of this Section 3.16, a shareholder or beneficial owner shall be deemed to Own only those issued and outstanding shares of stock of the Corporation that are entitled to vote generally in the election of directors as to which such person possesses both (A) the full voting and investment rights pertaining to the shares, and (B) the full economic interest in (including the opportunity for profit and risk of loss on) such shares, except that the number of shares calculated in accordance with clauses (A) and (B) shall not include any shares (1) sold by such person in any transaction that has not been settled or closed; (2) borrowed by such person for any purposes or purchased by such person pursuant to an agreement to resell; or (3) subject to any option, warrant, forward contract, swap, contract of sale, or other derivative or similar agreement entered into by such person, whether the instrument or agreement is to be settled with shares or with cash based on the notional amount or value of issued and outstanding shares of stock of the Corporation that are entitled to vote generally in the election of directors, if the instrument or agreement has, or is intended to have, or if exercised would have, the purpose or effect of (x) reducing in any manner, to any extent or at any time in the future, such person s full right to vote or direct the voting of the shares, and/or (y) hedging, offsetting or altering to any degree any gain or loss arising from the full economic ownership of the shares by such person. The terms Owned, Owning and other variations of the word Own, when used with respect to a shareholder or beneficial owner, have correlative meanings. (ii) A shareholder or beneficial owner Owns shares held in the name of a nominee or other intermediary so long as such person retains both (A) the full voting and investment rights pertaining to the shares, and (B) the full economic interest in the shares. Such person s Ownership of shares shall be deemed to continue during any period in which such person has delegated any voting power by means of a proxy, power of attorney, or other instrument or arrangement that is revocable at any time by the shareholder. (iii) A shareholder s or beneficial owner s Ownership of shares shall be deemed to continue during any period in which such person has loaned the shares if such person has the power to recall the loaned shares on not more than five business days notice and (A) such person recalls the loaned shares within five business days of being notified that its Shareholder Nominee shall be included in the Corporation s proxy materials for the relevant annual meeting; and (B) such person holds the recalled shares through the annual meeting. (iv) For purposes of this Section 3.16(d), the term person includes its affiliates. (e) For purposes of this Section 3.16, the Additional Information referred to in Section 3.16(a) that the Corporation will include in its proxy statement is: (i) the information set forth in the Schedule 14N provided with the Shareholder Notice concerning the Eligible Shareholder and each Shareholder Nominee that is required to be disclosed in the Corporation s proxy statement by the applicable requirements of the 

 Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder; and (ii) if the Eligible Shareholder so elects, a written statement of the Eligible Shareholder (or, in the case of a group, a written statement of the group), not to exceed 500 words, in support of its Shareholder Nominee(s), which must be provided at the same time as the Shareholder Notice for inclusion in the Corporation s proxy statement for the annual meeting of shareholders (the Statement ). Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Section 3.16, the Corporation may omit from its proxy materials any information or Statement that it, in good faith, believes is untrue in any material respect (or omits a material fact necessary in order to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which they are made, not misleading) or would violate any applicable law, rule, regulation or listing standard. Nothing in this Section 3.16 shall limit the Corporation s ability to solicit against and include in its proxy materials its own statements relating to any Eligible Shareholder or Shareholder Nominee. (f) (i) The Shareholder Notice shall set forth (a) as to each person whom the shareholder proposes to nominate for election or reelection as a director, (i) the name, age, business address and residence address of such person, (ii) the background and qualification of such person, including without limitation, the principal occupation or employment of such person, (iii) (A) the class or series and number of shares or other securities of the Corporation which are directly or indirectly owned of record or beneficially by such person and any Shareholder Associated Person, and (B) any derivative positions held of record or beneficially by such person related to, or the value of which is derived in whole or in part from, the value of any class of the Corporation s shares or other securities and whether and the extent to which any hedging or other transaction or series of transactions has been entered into by or on behalf of, or any other agreement, arrangement or understanding has been made, the effect or intent of which is to mitigate loss to, or to manage the risk or benefit from share price changes for, or to increase or decrease the voting power of, such person with respect to the corporation s shares or other securities, (iv) a written statement executed by the person (A) acknowledging that as a director of the Corporation, the nominee will owe a fiduciary duty under Indiana law with respect to the Corporation and its shareholders, (B) disclosing whether such person or any Shareholder Associated Person is a party to an agreement, arrangement or understanding with, or has given any commitment or assurance to, any person or entity as to how such person, if elected as a director of the Corporation, will act or vote on any issue or question, (C) disclosing whether such person or any Shareholder Associated Person is a party to an agreement, arrangement or understanding with any person or entity other than the Corporation with respect to any direct or indirect compensation, reimbursement or indemnification in connection with such person s service or action as a director of the Corporation, (D) agreeing to update continually the accuracy of the information required by the immediately preceding clauses (B) and (C) for as long as such person is a nominee or a director of the Corporation, and (E) agreeing if elected as a director of the Corporation to comply with all applicable codes of ethics and conduct, corporate governance, conflict of interest, confidentiality and stock ownership and trading policies and guidelines of the Corporation applicable to directors, and (v) any other information regarding such person that would be required to be disclosed in a proxy statement or other filings required to be made in connection with a contested solicitation of proxies for the election of directors pursuant to Section 14 of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, if Section 14 were applicable (including without limitation such person s (A) written consent to being named in the Corporation s proxy statement as a nominee and to serving as a director if elected and (B) agreement to provide information that the Board of Directors requests to determine whether such person qualifies as an independent director under applicable rules, regulations and guidelines); and (b) as to the shareholder giving the notice (i) the name and address, as they appear on the Corporation s books, of such shareholder and the name and address of any Shareholder Associated Person covered by clauses (ii) or (iii) below, (ii) (A) the class or series and number of shares or other securities of the Corporation which are owned directly or indirectly of record or beneficially by such shareholder or by any Shareholder Associated Person and (B) any derivative positions held of record or beneficially by the shareholder or any Shareholder Associated Person related to, or the value of which is derived in whole or in part from, the value of any class of the Corporation s shares or other securities and whether and the extent to which any hedging or other transaction or series of transactions has been entered into by or on behalf of, or any other agreement, arrangement or understanding has been made, the effect or intent of which is to mitigate loss to, or to manage the risk or benefit from share price changes for, or to increase or decrease the voting power of, such shareholder or any Shareholder Associated Person with respect to the Corporation s shares or other securities, (iii) any other information regarding such shareholder or any Shareholder Associated Person that 

 would be required to be disclosed in a proxy statement or other filings required to be made in connection with a contested solicitation of proxies pursuant to Section 14 of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, if Section 14 were applicable, and (iv) a written statement whether either such shareholder or any Shareholder Associated Person will deliver a proxy statement and form of proxy to holders of the Corporation s voting shares (collectively, the Required Information ). (ii) In addition, such Shareholder Notice shall include: (A) a copy of the Schedule 14N that has been or concurrently is filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC under the Exchange Act; (B) a written statement of the Eligible Shareholder (and, in the case of a group, the written statement of each shareholder or beneficial owner whose shares are aggregated for purposes of constituting an Eligible Shareholder), which statement(s) shall also be included in the Schedule 14N filed with the SEC: (1) setting forth and certifying to the number of issued and outstanding shares of stock of the Corporation that are entitled to vote generally in the election of directors the Eligible Shareholder Owns and has Owned continuously for at least three years as of the date of the Shareholder Notice, and (2) agreeing to continue to Own such shares through the annual meeting; (C) the written agreement of the Eligible Shareholder (and, in the case of a group, the written agreement of each shareholder or beneficial owner whose shares are aggregated for purposes of constituting an Eligible Shareholder) addressed to the Corporation, setting forth the following additional agreements, representations and warranties: (1) it shall provide (x) within five business days after the date of the Shareholder Notice, one or more written statements from the record holder(s) of the Required Shares and from each intermediary through which the Required Shares are or have been held, in each case, during the requisite three-year holding period, specifying the number of shares that the Eligible Shareholder Owns, and has Owned continuously, in compliance with this Section 3.16, (y) within five business days after the record date for the annual meeting, both the Required Information and notification in writing verifying the Eligible Shareholder s continuous Ownership of the Required Shares, in each case, as of such date, and (z) immediate notice to the Corporation if the Eligible Shareholder ceases to own any of the Required Shares prior to the annual meeting; (2) it (w) acquired the Required Shares in the ordinary course of business and not with the intent to change or influence control at the Corporation, and does not presently have this intent, (x) has not nominated and shall not nominate for election to the Board of Directors at the annual meeting any person other than the Shareholder Nominee(s) being nominated pursuant to this Section 3.16, (y) has not engaged and shall not engage in, and has not been and shall not be a participant (as defined in Item 4 of Exchange Act Schedule 14A) in, a solicitation within the meaning of Exchange Act Rule 14a-1(l), in support of the election of any individual as a director at the annual meeting other than its Shareholder Nominee(s) or any nominee(s) of the Board of Directors, and (z) shall not distribute to any shareholder any form of proxy for the annual meeting other than the form distributed by the Corporation; and (3) it will (v) assume all liability stemming from any legal or regulatory violation arising out of the Eligible Shareholder s communications with the shareholders of the Corporation or out of the information that the Eligible Shareholder provided to the Corporation, (w) indemnify and hold harmless the Corporation and each of its directors, officers and employees individually against any liability, loss or damages in connection with any threatened or pending action, suit or proceeding, whether legal, administrative or investigative, against the Corporation or any of its directors, officers or employees arising out of the nomination or solicitation process pursuant to this Section 3.16, (x) comply with all laws, rules, regulations and listing standards applicable to its nomination or any solicitation in connection with the annual meeting, (y) file with the SEC any solicitation or other communication by or on behalf of the Eligible Shareholder relating to the Corporation s annual meeting of shareholders, one or more of the Corporation s directors or director nominees or any Shareholder Nominee, regardless of whether the filing is required under Exchange Act Regulation 14A, or whether any exemption from filing is available for the materials under Exchange Act Regulation 14A, and (z) at the request of the Corporation, promptly, but in any event within five business days after such request (or by the day prior to the day of the annual meeting, if earlier), provide to the Corporation such additional information as the Corporation may reasonably request; and (D) in the case of a nomination by a group, the designation by all group members of one group member that is authorized to act on behalf of all members of the group with respect to the nomination and matters related thereto, including withdrawal of the nomination, and the written agreement, representation and warranty of the Eligible Shareholder that it shall provide, within five business days after the date of the Shareholder Notice, documentation reasonably satisfactory to the Corporation demonstrating that the number of shareholders and/or beneficial owners within such group does not exceed 20, including whether a group of funds qualifies as one shareholder or beneficial owner within the meaning of this Section 3.16. 

 (iii) To be timely, the Shareholder Notice shall be delivered to, or mailed and received at, the principal office of the Corporation not later than the close of business on the 120th calendar day nor earlier than the close of business on the 150th calendar day before the first anniversary of the date (as stated in the Corporation s proxy materials) the definitive proxy statement was first released to shareholders in connection with the immediately preceding year s annual meeting of shareholders; provided, however, that in the event that the date of the annual meeting is more than 30 calendar days before or more than 60 calendar days after the first anniversary of the immediately preceding year s annual meeting, to be timely, the Shareholder Notice must be so delivered, or mailed and received, not earlier than the close of business on the 150th calendar day prior to the date of such annual meeting and not later than the close of business on the later of the 120th calendar day prior to the date of such annual meeting or the 10th calendar day following the day on which public announcement of the date of such meeting is first made by the Corporation. In no event shall any adjournment or postponement of an annual meeting or the announcement thereof commence a new time period for the delivery of the Shareholder Notice under this Section 3.16. The Shareholder Notice shall include, for each Shareholder Nominee, all Required Information and other applicable written and signed representations and agreements required pursuant to this Section 3.16. At the request of the Corporation, the Shareholder Nominee shall promptly, but in any event within five business days after such request (or by the day prior to the day of the annual meeting, if earlier), provide to the Corporation such additional information as the Corporation may reasonably request. In the event that any information or communications provided by the Eligible Shareholder or any Shareholder Nominee to the Corporation or its shareholders is not, when provided, or thereafter ceases to be, true, correct and complete in all material respects (including omitting a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading), such Eligible Shareholder or Shareholder Nominee, as the case may be, shall promptly notify the Secretary of the Corporation and provide the information that is required to make such information or communication true, correct, complete and not misleading; it being understood that providing any such notification shall not be deemed to cure any defect or limit the Corporation s right to omit a Shareholder Nominee from its proxy materials as provided in this Section 3.16. All information provided pursuant to this Section 3.16(f) shall be deemed part of the Shareholder Notice for purposes of this Section 3.16. (g) (i) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Section 3.16, the Corporation may omit from its proxy materials any Shareholder Nominee, and such nomination shall be disregarded and no vote on such Shareholder Nominee shall occur, notwithstanding that proxies in respect of such vote may have been received by the Corporation, if the Board of Directors in its sole discretion determines: (A) the Eligible Shareholder or Shareholder Nominee breached any of its agreements, representations or warranties set forth in the Shareholder Notice or otherwise submitted pursuant to this Section 3.16, any of the information in the Shareholder Notice or otherwise submitted pursuant to this Section 3.16 was not, when provided, true, correct and complete, or the Eligible Shareholder or Shareholder Nominee otherwise failed to comply with its obligations pursuant to these bylaws, including, but not limited to, its obligations under this Section 3.16; (B) the Shareholder Nominee (1) is not independent under any applicable listing standards, any applicable rules of the SEC and any publicly disclosed standards used by the Board of Directors in determining and disclosing the independence of the Corporation s directors, (2) does not qualify as independent under the audit committee independence requirements set forth in the rules of the principal U.S. exchange on which shares of stock of the Corporation are listed or as a non-employee director under Exchange Act Rule 16b-3, (3) is or has been, within the past three years, a director or an officer of a competitor, as defined for the purposes of Section 8 of the Clayton Antitrust Act of 1914, as amended, (4) is a named subject of a pending criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations and other minor offenses) or has been convicted in a criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations and other minor offenses) within the past 10 years, or (5) is subject to any order of the type specified in Rule 506(d) of Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended; or (C) the Corporation has received a notice (whether or not subsequently withdrawn) that a shareholder intends to nominate any candidate for election to the Board of Directors by means other than pursuant to this Section 3.16; or (D) the election of the Shareholder Nominee to the Board of Directors would cause the Corporation to violate the Articles of Incorporation of the Corporation, these bylaws, or any applicable law, rule, regulation or listing standard. 

 (ii) Any Shareholder Nominee (A) who is included in the Corporation s proxy materials for a particular annual meeting of shareholders but withdraws from or becomes ineligible or unavailable for election at the annual meeting of shareholders for any reason, including for the failure to comply with any provision of these bylaws, or (B) who does not receive at least twenty-five percent (25 of the votes cast in favor of such Shareholder Nominee s election, shall be ineligible to be a Shareholder Nominee pursuant to this Section 3.16 for the next two annual meetings. (iii) Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Section 3.16, unless otherwise required by law, if the shareholder delivering the Shareholder Notice (or a qualified representative of the shareholder) does not appear at the annual meeting of shareholders of the Corporation to present its Shareholder Nominee(s), such nomination(s) shall be disregarded, notwithstanding that proxies in respect of the election of the Shareholder Nominee(s) may have been received by the Corporation. (h) Without limiting its power and authority to interpret any other provisions of these bylaws, the Board of Directors (and any other person or body authorized by the Board of Directors) shall have the power and authority to interpret this Section 3.16 and to make any and all determinations necessary or advisable to apply this Section 3.16 to any persons, facts or circumstances, in each case, acting in good faith. This Section 3.16 shall be the exclusive method for shareholders to include nominees for election as directors in the Corporation s proxy materials. (i) Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Section 3.16, a shareholder shall also comply with all applicable requirements of state law and the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder with respect to matters set forth in this Section 3.16. Nothing in this Section 3.16 shall be deemed to affect any rights of shareholders to request inclusion of proposals in the Corporation s proxy statement pursuant to the rules and regulations promulgated under the Exchange Act. ARTICLE IV OFFICERS Section 4.1. Officers. The officers of the Corporation shall consist of a President, a Secretary, an Assistant Secretary, a Treasurer, an Assistant Treasurer, and a Chief Financial Officer, and if desired by the Board of Directors one or more Vice Presidents, all of whom shall be elected annually by the Board of Directors of the Corporation at the first meeting thereof immediately following the annual meeting of the shareholders; and they shall hold office, subject to removal, until their successors are elected and qualified or the office is eliminated. One person may hold more than one office. Section 4.2. Removal; Resignations. Any officer of the Corporation may be removed by the Board of Directors at any time with or without cause. Removal does not affect the officer s contract rights, if any, with the Corporation. An officer s resignation does not affect the Corporation s contract rights, if any, with the officer. The election or appointment of an officer does not itself create contract rights. Section 4.3. Compensation. The compensation of the officers of the Corporation shall be fixed by, or as permitted by, the Board of Directors. Section 4.4. Duties. The duties of the officers shall be determined from time to time by the Board of Directors. ARTICLE V CAPITAL STOCK Section 5.1. Certificates for Shares. Unless the Articles of Incorporation provide otherwise, all shares of stock of the Corporation shall be represented by a certificate. The certificates shall be in such form not inconsistent with the Articles of Incorporation and the Indiana Business Corporation Law as shall be approved by the Board of Directors. At a minimum, each certificate must state on its face: 

 (1) The name of the Corporation and that it is organized under the law of the State of Indiana; (2) The name of the person to whom issued; and (3) The number and class of shares and the designation of the series, if any, the certificate represents. Each certificate must be signed by the President and Secretary. Share certificates which have been signed (whether manually or in facsimile) by an officer may be used and shall continue to be valid even though any individual whose signature appears on a certificate is no longer an officer of the Corporation at the time of the issue of such certificate. Section 5.2. Registration of Transfer. Registration of transfer of shares and issuance of a new certificate or certificates therefor shall be made only upon surrender to the Corporation and cancellation of a certificate or certificates for a like number of shares, properly endorsed for transfer, accompanied by (a) such assurance as the Corporation may require as to the genuineness and effectiveness of each necessary endorsement, (b) satisfactory evidence of compliance with all laws relating to collection of taxes, and (c) satisfactory evidence of compliance with or removal of any restriction on transfer of which the Corporation may have notice. Section 5.3. Registered Shareholders. As respects the Corporation, its stock record books shall be conclusive as to the ownership of its shares for all purposes and the Corporation shall not be bound to recognize adverse claims. ARTICLE VI SEAL The use of a corporate seal is not required. ARTICLE VII FISCAL YEAR The fiscal year of the Corporation shall be determined by the Board. ARTICLE VIII FUNDS Section 8.1. Depository. The funds of the Corporation shall be deposited at such financial institutions or determined by the Board. Section 8.2. Withdrawal of Funds. The funds of the Corporation may be withdrawn and disbursed by such officers as may be designated by the Board of Directors. ARTICLE IX RECORDS Section 9.1. Records. (a) The Corporation shall keep as permanent records minutes of all meetings of the shareholders and Board of Directors, a record of all actions taken by the shareholders or Board of Directors without a meeting, and a record of all actions taken by a committee of the Board of Directors in place of the Board of Directors on behalf of the Corporation. (b) The Corporation shall maintain appropriate accounting records. 

 (c) The Corporation shall maintain a record of the shareholders, in a form that permits preparation of a list of the names and addresses of all shareholders, in alphabetical order by class of shares showing the number and class of shares held by each. (d) The Corporation shall maintain its records in written form or in another form capable of conversion into written form within a reasonable time. (e) The Corporation shall keep a copy of the following records at its principal office: (1) The Articles of Incorporation and all amendments to them currently in effect. (2) The bylaws and all amendments to them currently in effect. (3) The minutes of all shareholders meetings, and records of all action taken by shareholders without a meeting, for the past three (3) years. (4) All written communications to shareholders generally within the past three (3) years, including any financial statements furnished for the past three (3) years as required by the Indiana Business Corporation Law. (5) A list of the names and business addresses of its current directors and officers. (6) Its most recent annual report delivered to the Secretary of State. Section 9.2. Shareholder s Right to Inspect and Copy; Limitations on Use. A shareholder may inspect and copy the Corporation s records only as permitted by the Indiana Business Corporation Law. The shareholder, the shareholder s agents and attorneys, and any other person who obtains the information may use and distribute the records and the information only for the purposes and to the extent permitted by the Indiana Business Corporation Law and shall use reasonable care to ensure that the restrictions imposed by that Law are observed. ARTICLE X REPORTS Section 10.1. Annual Financial Reports to Shareholders. (a) On written request of any shareholder, the Corporation shall furnish the shareholders annual financial statements, which may be consolidated or combined statements of the Corporation and one (1) or more of its subsidiaries, as appropriate, that include a balance sheet as of the end of the fiscal year, an income statement for that year, and a statement of changes in shareholders equity for the year unless that information appears elsewhere in the financial statements. If financial statements are prepared for the Corporation on the basis of generally accepted accounting principles, the annual financial statements must also be prepared on that basis. (b) If the annual financial statements are reported upon by a public accountant, the public accountant s report must accompany them. If not, the statements must be accompanied by a statement of the President or the person responsible for the Corporation s accounting records: (1) stating the person s reasonable belief whether the statements were prepared on the basis of generally accepted accounting principles and, if not, describing the basis of preparation; and (2) describing any respects in which the statements were not prepared on a basis of accounting consistent with the statements prepared for the preceding year. Section 10.2. Reports to Shareholders of Indemnification. If a corporation indemnifies or advances expenses to a director under these bylaws or otherwise, in connection with a proceeding by or in the right of the 

 Corporation, the Corporation shall report the indemnification or advance in writing to the shareholders with or before the notice of the next shareholders meeting. Section 10.3. Reports to Secretary of State. The Secretary of the Corporation shall cause such reports to the Secretary of State of Indiana to be filed as required by the Indiana Business Corporation Law. ARTICLE XI AMENDMENT Except only as may be otherwise expressly provided in the Articles of Incorporation or by the Indiana Business Corporation Law, these Bylaws may be made, altered, changed or repealed by either: (a) the Board of Directors, by the affirmative vote of a majority of the entire number of directors, or (b) the stockholders, by the affirmative vote of not less than a majority of the votes entitled to be cast by the holders of the outstanding shares entitled to vote thereon, at a meeting of the stockholders called, in whole or in part, for that purpose. 

</EX-3.2>

<EX-21.1>
 3
 stld-20221231xex21d1.htm
 EX-21.1

EXHIBIT 21.1 STEEL DYNAMICS, INC. LIST OF OUR SUBSIDIARIES 

Name State of Incorporation or Organization Percent of Capital Stock/Equity Units Owned by Steel Dynamics, Inc. Names Under which Business is Conducted Aluminum Dynamics, LLC Indiana 94.4 Mesabi Nugget Delaware, LLC Delaware 85 New Millennium Building Systems, LLC Indiana 100 OmniSource, LLC Indiana 100 OmniSource Roanoke Electric Steel Corporation Indiana 100 Steel Dynamics Roanoke Bar Division SDI Biocarbon Solutions, LLC Delaware 55 Steel Dynamics Columbus, LLC Delaware 100 Steel Dynamics Enterprises, Inc. Indiana 100 Steel Dynamics Heartland, LLC Delaware 100 Steel Dynamics Sales North America, Inc. Indiana 100 Steel Dynamics Southwest, LLC Indiana 100 Steel of West Virginia, Inc. Delaware 100 STLD Holdings, Inc. Indiana 100 The Techs Industries, Inc. Delaware 100 The Techs The Techs a Division of Steel Dynamics, Inc. United Steel Supply, LLC Delaware 87.5 Vulcan Threaded Products, Inc. Indiana 100 Vulcan Steel Products CLP Systems 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 4
 stld-20221231xex23d1.htm
 EX-23.1

EXHIBIT 23.1 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM We consent to the incorporation by reference in the following Registration Statements: (1) Registration Statement (Form S-3 Nos. 333-235343 and 333-268703) of Steel Dynamics, Inc., (2) Registration Statements (Forms S-4 Nos. 333-191627, 333-202950, 333-217162, and 333-221907) of Steel Dynamics, Inc., (3) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-55888) pertaining to the Amended and Restated Officer and Manager Cash and Stock Bonus Plan of Steel Dynamics, Inc., (4) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-133493) pertaining to the Plan Relating to Assumed Stock Options: Roanoke Electric Steel Corporation Acquisition of Steel Dynamics, Inc., and (5) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-147271) pertaining to the 2006 Equity Incentive Plan, the Steel Dynamics, Inc. Amended and Restated 1996 Incentive Stock Option Plan, and the Steel Dynamics, Inc. Non-Employee Directors Stock Option Plan of Steel Dynamics, Inc.; of our reports dated February 28, 2023, with respect to the consolidated financial statements of Steel Dynamics, Inc. and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting of Steel Dynamics, Inc. included in this Annual Report (Form 10-K) of Steel Dynamics, Inc. for the year ended December 31, 2022. /s/ Ernst Young LLP Indianapolis, Indiana February 28, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 stld-20221231xex31d1.htm
 EX-31.1

EXHIBIT 31.1 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 I, Mark D. Millett, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Steel Dynamics, Inc. for 2022; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. Date: February 28, 2023 

/s/ MARK D. MILLETT Mark D. Millett Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer Principal Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 6
 stld-20221231xex31d2.htm
 EX-31.2

EXHIBIT 31.2 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 I, Theresa E. Wagler, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Steel Dynamics, Inc. for 2022; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. Date: February 28, 2023 

/s/ THERESA E. WAGLER Theresa E. Wagler Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 7
 stld-20221231xex32d1.htm
 EX-32.1

EXHIBIT 32.1 Chief Executive Officer Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 In connection with the Annual Report of Steel Dynamics, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), the undersigned, Mark D. Millett, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

/s/ MARK D. MILLETT Mark D. Millett Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer Principal Executive Officer 
 February 28, 2023 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to Steel Dynamics, Inc. and will be retained by Steel Dynamics, Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 8
 stld-20221231xex32d2.htm
 EX-32.2

EXHIBIT 32.2 Chief Financial Officer Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 In connection with the Annual Report of Steel Dynamics, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), the undersigned, Theresa E. Wagler, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

/s/ THERESA E. WAGLER Theresa E. Wagler Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer 
 February 28, 2023 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to Steel Dynamics, Inc. and will be retained by Steel Dynamics, Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-95>
 9
 stld-20221231xex95.htm
 EX-95

EXHIBIT 95 Mine Safety Disclosures This exhibit contains information concerning mine safety matters required by Section 1503(a) of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act about certain citations, orders and notices issued under the Federal Mine Safety and Health Act of 1977 (Mine Act) by the federal Mine Safety and Health Administration (MSHA) for our operations for the year ended December 31, 2022. Year Ended December 31, 2022 Mine or Operating Name / MSHA Identification Number Section 104 S S Citations (#) Section 104(b) Orders (#) Section 104(d) Citations and Orders (#) Section 110(b)(2) Violations (#) Section 107(a) Orders (#) Total Dollar Value of MSHA Assessments Proposed ) Legal Actions Initiated During Period (#) Legal Actions Resolved During Period (#) Legal Actions Pending as of Last Day of Period (#) Mesabi Nugget Delaware, LLC 21-03689 1 133 Mining Resources, LLC 21-03775 
 Although Mesabi Nugget Delaware, LLC (Mesabi Nugget), an affiliate of Steel Dynamics, Inc., is not a mining operation, the MSHA claims jurisdiction over Mesabi Nugget s operations regarding the production of iron nuggets via a production process that utilizes iron concentrate and coal as input raw materials. Similarly, Mining Resources, LLC (Mining Resources), an affiliate of Steel Dynamics, Inc., is not a mining operation; however MSHA claims jurisdiction over Mining Resources operations regarding the extraction of iron tailings from previously developed stockpiles or water-filled tailings basins, to be concentrated for use by Mesabi Nugget as a low-cost iron concentrate to the nugget production process. Therefore, this disclosure relating to Mesabi Nugget and Mining Resources is being submitted by Steel Dynamics, Inc. Operations at Mesabi Nugget and Mining Resources have been idle since May 2015. The MSHA citations and orders set forth in the table above are those that were issued by MSHA and received by Mesabi Nugget and Mining Resources during the year ended December 31, 2022. In addition, the table above sets forth the total dollar amount of assessments proposed by MSHA during the year ended December 31, 2022. The dollar amount of MSHA assessments proposed does not include assessments on those citations or orders that were received after December 31, 2022. The information in the table above does not reflect any subsequent changes in the level of severity of a citation or order, or changes in the value of an assessment that occurred during the time period presented in the table above (or that may occur after the time period covered in the table above) as a result of proceedings conducted in accordance with MSHA rules. For purposes of legal actions disclosures in the table above, any citation contested in any form or manner with MSHA is considered a legal action for reporting purposes. During the period covered by this report, no written notices were received from MSHA of a pattern, or the potential to have a pattern, of violations of mandatory health or safety standards that are of such a nature as could have significantly and substantially contributed to the cause and effect of mine health or safety hazards under Section 104(e) of the Mine Act, and there were no mining related fatalities. 

</EX-95>

<EX-101.SCH>
 18
 stld-20221231.xsd
 EX-101.SCH

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 20
 stld-20221231_def.xml
 EX-101.DEF

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 21
 stld-20221231_lab.xml
 EX-101.LAB

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 22
 stld-20221231_pre.xml
 EX-101.PRE

</EX-101.PRE>

