<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230331_10-K_edgar_data_1831978_0001410578-23-000592.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>6103157</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>279907</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1006332</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1914966</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1151624</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1623640</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001410578-23-000592.hdr.sgml : 20230331
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230331172551
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001410578-23-000592
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		60
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230331
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230331

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Newbury Street Acquisition Corp
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001831978
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40251
		FILM NUMBER:		23789315

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		121 HIGH STREET FLOOR 3
		CITY:			BOSTON
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			02110
		BUSINESS PHONE:		16178943057

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		121 HIGH STREET FLOOR 3
		CITY:			BOSTON
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			02110

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001410578-23-000592.txt : 20230331

10-K
 1
 tmb-20221231x10k.htm
 10-K

Table of Contents 
 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM (Mark One) ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the fiscal year ended TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the transition period from to Commission file number: 

 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

, (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 

 Registrant s telephone number, including area code: Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of Each Class: Trading Symbol(s) Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered: Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Yes Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See definition of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the fi ling reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No The aggregate market value of the outstanding shares of the registrant s common stock, other than shares held by persons who may be deemed affiliates of the registrant, computed by reference to the closing price for the common stock on June 30, 2022, as reported on the NASDAQ Capital Market was . As of March 30, 2023, there were shares of common stock, par value 0.0001 per share, of the registrant issued and outstanding. 

Table of Contents 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

PAGE PART I Item 1. Business 5 Item 1A. Risk Factors 25 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 28 Item 2. Properties 28 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 28 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 28 PART II Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 29 Item 6. [Reserved] 29 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 30 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 36 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 36 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 36 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 36 Item 9B. Other Information 38 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 38 PART III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 38 Item 11. Executive Compensation 43 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 44 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 46 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 50 PART IV Item 15. Exhibit and Financial Statement Schedules 51 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 51 
 i 

Table of Contents 
 CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS This Report (as defined below), including, without limitation, statements under the heading Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Exchange Act (as defined below). These forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology, including the words believes, estimates, anticipates, expects, intends, plans, may, will, potential, projects, predicts, continue, or should, or, in each case, their negative or other variations or comparable terminology. There can be no assurance that actual results will not materially differ from expectations. Such statements include, but are not limited to, any statements relating to our ability to consummate any acquisition or other business combination and any other statements that are not statements of current or historical facts. These statements are based on management s current expectations, but actual results may differ materially due to various factors, including, but not limited to: our ability to complete our initial business combination, including the Infinite Reality Business Combination (as defined below); our expectations around the performance of the prospective target business or businesses, including Infinite Reality (as defined herein); our success in retaining or recruiting, or changes required in, our officers, key employees or directors following our initial business combination; our officers and directors allocating their time to other businesses and potentially having conflicts of interest with our business or in approving our initial business combination, as a result of which they would then receive expense reimbursements; our potential ability to obtain additional financing to complete our initial business combination; the ability of our officers and directors to generate a number of potential acquisition opportunities; our pool of prospective target businesses; our public securities potential liquidity and trading; the lack of a liquid market for our securities; the use of proceeds not held in the trust account or available to us from interest income on the trust account balance; or our financial performance. 
 The forward-looking statements contained in this Report are based on our current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments and their potential effects on us. Future developments affecting us may not be those that we have anticipated. These forward-looking statements involve a number of risks, uncertainties (some of which are beyond our control) or other assumptions that may cause actual results or performance to be materially different from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, those factors described under the heading Item 1A. Risk Factors as well as those found in the section titled Risk Factors contained in our (i) Registration Statement filed with the SEC on February 1, 2021, and (ii) Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021, as filed with the SEC on March 31, 2022, and (iii) Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q for the quarters ended March 31, 2022, June 30, 2022 and September 30, 2022, as filed with the SEC on May 16, 2022, August 8, 2022 and November 10, 2022, respectively, (iv) Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2021 and September 30, 2021 filed with the SEC on May 24, 2021 and November 16, 2021, respectively and (v) other reports we file with the SEC. Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should any of our assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary in material respects from those projected in these forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as may be required under applicable securities laws. Unless otherwise stated in this Report, or the context otherwise requires, references to: ASC are to the FASB (as defined below) Accounting Standards Codification; ASU are to the FASB Accounting Standards Update; amended and restated certificate of incorporation refers to our second amended and restated certificate of incorporation; board of directors or board or directors are to the board of directors of the Company (as defined below); business combination are to a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses; 
 ii 

Table of Contents 
 Infinite Reality Merger Sub are to Infinity NBIR Company Merger Sub Inc., a Delaware corporation and a direct wholly-owned subsidiary of Pubco (as defined below) in connection with the Merger Agreement (as defined below). Combination Period are to the 30-month period from the closing of the initial public offering (as defined below) to September 25, 2023 (as extended with stockholder approval at the Special Meeting (as defined herein), or such earlier date as determined by the board that the Company has to consummate an initial business combination; Company, our Company, we or us are to Newbury Street Acquisition Corporation, a Delaware corporation; Continental are to Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, trustee of our trust account (as defined below) and our transfer agent and warrant agent (as defined below); DGCL are to the Delaware General Corporation Law; DWAC System are to the Depository Trust Company s Deposit/Withdrawal At Custodian System; EBC are to EarlyBirdCapital, Inc., representative of the underwriters for the Company s initial public offering; equity-linked securities are to any debt or equity securities issued in a transaction, including but not limited to a private placement of equity or debt, that are convertible, exercisable or exchangeable for shares of common stock; Exchange Act are to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; FASB are to the Financial Accounting Standards Board; FINRA are to the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority; founder shares are to shares of our common stock initially purchased by our sponsor in a private placement prior to our initial public offering; GAAP are to the accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America; IFRS are to the International Financial Reporting Standards, as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board; Infinite Reality are to Infinite Reality, Inc., a Delaware corporation; Infinite Reality Business Combination are to the proposed business combination transactions involving the Company and Infinite Reality, including all of the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement; Infinite Reality Merger are to the merger between the Infinite Reality Merger Sub and Infinite Reality, where Infinite Reality will be the surviving entity under the Merger Agreement (as defined below); initial public offering are to the initial public offering that was consummated by the Company on March 25, 2021; initial stockholders are to our stockholders prior to our initial public offering (excluding the holders of the representative shares); Investment Company Act are to the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended; JOBS Act are to the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012; management or our management team refer to our officers and directors; Marcum are to Marcum LLP, our independent registered public accounting firm; Merger Agreement are to the Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated December 12, 2022, by and among the Company, Infinite Reality, Infinite Reality Holdings, Inc., Infinity Purchaser Merger Sub Inc., and Infinity NBIR Company Merger Sub Inc.; Merger Subs are to the Purchaser Merger Sub (as defined below) and the Infinite Reality Merger Sub; Mergers are to the Purchaser Merger (as defined below) and the Infinite Reality Merger; Nasdaq are to the Nasdaq Stock Market LLC; PCAOB are to the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States); private shares are to the shares of our common stock included within the private units purchased by our sponsor and EBC in the private placement; private warrants are to the warrants included within the private units purchased by our sponsor and EBC in the private placement; private placement are to the private placement of an aggregate of 406,897 private units at a price of 10.00 per unit, for an aggregate purchase price of 4,068,970, which occurred simultaneously with the completion of our initial public offering and the exercise of the underwriters over-allotment option; private units are to the units purchased by our sponsor and EBC, with each private unit consisting of one private share and one-half of one private warrant; Pubco are to Infinite Reality Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation and a direct wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company; public shares are to shares of our common stock sold as part of the units in our initial public offering (whether they were purchased in our initial public offering or thereafter in the open market); public stockholders are to the holders of our public shares, including our initial stockholders and management team to the extent our initial stockholders and/or members of our management team purchase public shares, provided that each initial 
 iii 

Table of Contents 
 stockholder s and member of our management team s status as public stockholders will only exist with respect to such public shares; public warrants refer to the redeemable warrants sold as part of the units in our initial public offering (whether they were subscribed for in our initial public offering or purchased thereafter in the open market), with one whole warrant entitling the holder to purchase one share of common stock at an exercise price of 11.50 per share; Purchaser Merger are to the merger between the Purchaser Merger Sub and the Company, where the Company will be the surviving entity under with the Merger Agreement; Purchaser Merger Sub are to Infinity Purchaser Merger Sub Inc., a Delaware corporation and a direct wholly-owned subsidiary of Pubco; Purchaser Party are to any of the Company, Pubco, and the Merger Subs; Registration Statement are to the Form S-1 filed with the SEC on February 1, 2021 (File No. 333-252602), as amended; Report are to this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022; representative shares are to the 200,000 shares of our common stock issued to the representative and/or its designees at the closing of our initial public offering; Sarbanes-Oxley Act are to the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002; SEC are to the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission; Securities Act are to the Securities Act of 1933, as amended; SPACs are to special purpose acquisition companies; sponsor are to our sponsor, Newbury Street Acquisition Sponsor LLC; trust account are to the trust account in which an amount of 128,439,370 10.00 per unit) from the net proceeds of the sale of the units in the initial public offering and sales of private units in the private placement was placed following the closing of the initial public offering and the private placement; units are to the units sold in our initial public offering, which consist of one public share and one-half of one public warrant; warrants are to our warrants, which includes the public warrants as well as the private warrants and any warrants included in the units issued upon conversion of Working Capital Loans; and Working Capital Loans are to funds that, in order to provide working capital or finance transaction costs in connection with a business combination, the initial stockholders or an affiliate of the initial stockholders or certain of the Company s directors and officers may, but are not obligated to, loan the Company. 
 iv 

Table of Contents 
 PART I Item 1. Business. Introduction We are a blank check company incorporated on November 6, 2020 as a Delaware corporation and formed for the purpose of effecting an initial business combination. While we may pursue an acquisition or business combination target in any business or industry, we have focused our search on a technology business in the consumer internet or media space, including sports and entertainment verticals, with enterprise values of approximately 500 million to 2.5 billion. In particular, we have focused on finding disruptive, high growth companies, such as Infinite Reality, with a global ambition that take advantage of: (a) the rise of new consumer behaviors driven by the internet or new technologies, or (b) paradigm shifts in media, sports and entertainment that give rise to disruptive new entrants here to stay for the coming decades. Our management team is composed of experienced dealmakers and highly regarded industry veterans in the consumer internet and media space. The management team has decades of experience investing into and operating innovative and transformative platforms in consumer internet and media, as well as scaling businesses into new geographies, especially Asia. We believe that the experience and capabilities of our management team will make us an attractive partner to potential target businesses, enhance our ability to complete a successful business combination, and add value to the business post-business combination. Our team represents a unique combination of operating, investing, financial and transactional experience. Our team has a strong track record of creating value for shareholders in multiple consumer internet and media companies that they have led, managed and/or invested in. Our team also has a history of making substantial non-control investments that allow existing teams to continue their growth. We believe we are an attractive partner to a target company, such as Infinite Reality. Our team has an extensive history scaling businesses and improving public companies. We have a diverse and value-added network to source and find follow-on opportunities. Our team also has experience navigating the complexities of operating as a public company. Our view is that supportive capital and a long-term orientation will be attractive as a partner first mentality will differentiate us from competition. We intend to help our target company focus on sustainable long-term value creation post close, with a high return on reinvestment. Initial Public Offering On March 25, 2021, we consummated our initial public offering of 12,000,000 units. Each unit consists of one share of common stock of the Company, par value 0.0001 per share, and one-half of one redeemable warrant of the Company, with each whole warrant entitling the holder thereof to purchase one share of common stock for 11.50 per share. The units were sold at a price of 10.00 per unit, generating gross proceeds to the Company of 120.00 million. Simultaneously with the closing of the initial public offering, we completed the private sale of an aggregate of 390,000 private units to our sponsor and EBC, representative of the underwriters for our initial public offering, at a purchase price of 10.00 per private unit (340,000 units to our sponsor and 50,000 units to EBC), generating gross proceeds of 3.90 million. On March 30, 2021, the underwriters exercised the over-allotment option in part and purchased an additional 843,937 units, generating gross proceeds of approximately 8.44 million. In connection with the exercise of the underwriters over-allotment option, our sponsor and EBC purchased an aggregate of 16,879 private units (14,715 units to our sponsor and 2,164 units to EBC), generating gross proceeds of 168,790 to the Company. A total of 128.44 million, comprised of 125.87 million of the proceeds from the initial public offering and 2.57 million of the proceeds of the sale of the private units was placed in the trust account maintained by Continental, acting as trustee. 
 5 

Table of Contents 
 It is the job of our sponsor and management team to complete our initial business combination. Our management team is led by Matthew Hong, our Chairman and the former Chief Operating Officer of Turner Sports, and seasoned executives Thomas Bushey, our Chief Executive Officer, and Kenneth King, our Chief Financial Officer. Mr. Bushey and Mr. King have decades of experience identifying, acquiring, investing in and operating businesses, and provide depth of knowledge in capital markets. We must complete our initial business combination within the Combination Period. If our initial business combination with Infinite Reality or another target is not consummated within the Combination Period, then our existence will terminate, and we will distribute all amounts in the trust account. Extension Meeting On March 3, 2023, we filed a definitive proxy statement for a special meeting of our shareholders on March 21, 2023 (the Special Meeting to seek an extension of the deadline by which we must consummate our initial business combination from March 25, 2023 to September 25, 2023 (the Extension Proposal and to approve the adjournment of the Special Meeting to a later date or dates, if necessary or convenient, to permit further solicitation and vote of proxies in the event that there are insufficient votes for, or otherwise in connection with, the approval of the Extension Proposal (the Adjournment Proposal ). The Special Meeting was held on March 21, 2023 and the Extension Proposal and the Adjournment Proposal were approved. In connection with approval of the Extension Proposal, the holders of 7,744,085 shares of common stock of the Company properly exercised their right to redeem their shares for cash at a redemption price of approximately 10.17 per share, for an aggregate redemption amount of approximately 78,770,623. As a result, approximately 78,770,623 will be removed from the Company s Trust Account to pay such holders. Following redemptions, the Company has 8,917,715 shares of common stock outstanding. Additionally, in connection with the approval of the Extension Proposal, the sponsor or its designees have agreed to contribute to the Company as a note (i) the lesser of (a) an aggregate of 600,000 or (b) 0.04 for each public share on a monthly basis that is not redeemed in connection with the Extension Amendment for the portion of the Extension ending on June 23, 2023 (the Initial Contribution plus, (ii) an aggregate of 200,000 per month (commencing on June 23, 2023 and on the 23rd day of each subsequent month) until the charter extension date (each, an Extension Period ), or portion thereof, that is needed to complete an initial business combination (such loans, together with the Initial Contribution, the Contribution ), which amount will be deposited into the Trust Account. Accordingly, the amount deposited per share depends on the number of public shares that remain outstanding after the redemption and the length of the extension period that will be needed to complete an initial business combination. On March 23, 2023, the Company filed an amendment to its amended and restated certificate of incorporation with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware to extend the date by which the Company has to consummate a business combination to from March 25, 2023 to September 25, 2023. On March 24, 2023, the Company deposited the Initial Contribution and will deposit an aggregate of 200,000 per month during each Extension Period, or portion thereof, that is needed to complete an initial business combination, which amount will be deposited into the Trust Account. For additional information regarding the Special Meeting and related matters, see Note 11. Subsequent Events in the Notes to the Financial Statements. Infinite Reality Business Combination Merger Agreement On December 12, 2022, the Company entered into the Merger Agreement among the Company, Pubco, the Merger Subs, consisting of Purchaser Merger Sub Company Merger Sub, and Infinite Reality. 
 6 

Table of Contents 
 Pursuant to the terms of the Merger Agreement, (i) under the Purchaser Merger, the Purchaser Merger Sub will merge with and into the Company, with the Company continuing as the surviving entity, (ii) under the Infinite Reality Merger, the Infinite Reality Merger Sub will merge with and into Infinite Reality, with Infinite Reality continuing as the surviving entity and (iii) following the Mergers, the Company and Infinite Reality will become direct wholly-owned subsidiaries of Pubco, and Pubco will become a publicly traded company. The following summary of the Merger Agreement and the other agreements entered into or to be entered into by the parties are qualified in their entirety by reference to the text of the Merger Agreement and the agreements entered into or to be entered into in connection therewith and are further described in the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on December 15, 2022 . The Merger Agreement also contains customary representations and warranties, covenants, closing conditions and other terms relating to the Infinite Reality business combination. Effect of the Mergers In consideration for the Merger, at the time the Mergers are consummated and effective (the Effective Time ), by virtue of the Purchaser Merger and without any action on the part of any party or the holders of securities of any Purchaser Party or Infinite Reality: (i) each Company unit issued and outstanding prior to the Effective Time will be automatically detached and the holder thereof will be deemed to hold one share of Company common stock and one half of one Company public warrant; (ii) each Company private unit issued and outstanding prior to the Effective Time will be automatically detached and the holder thereof will be deemed to hold one share of Company common stock and one-half of one Company private warrant; (iii) each share of Company common stock issued and outstanding (other than the Excluded Shares (as defined below) and the Founder Shares (as defined below)) prior to the Effective Time will be converted automatically into one unit (each, a Pubco Unit ), consisting of (x) one share of common stock, par value 0.0001 per share, of Pubco Pubco Common Stock and (y) one (1) CVR (as defined below) following which all shares of Company common stock shall automatically be canceled; (iv) each Company public warrant issued and outstanding prior to the Effective Time will be assumed by Pubco and converted into one warrant entitling the holder thereof to purchase one share of Pubco Common Stock at a price of 11.50 per share (each, a Pubco Public Warrant (v) each Company private warrant issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time will be assumed by Pubco and converted into one warrant entitling the holder thereof to purchase one (1) share of Pubco Common Stock at a price of 11.50 per share (each, a Pubco Private Warrant 
 7 

Table of Contents 
 (vi) each share of Company common stock, if any, (a) held in the treasury of the Company, (b) otherwise held by the Company or any of its subsidiaries or (c) for which a public stockholder of the Company has demanded that the Company redeem such Company common stock (collectively, the Excluded Shares will be cancelled; (vii) each founder share will convert solely into one share of Pubco Common Stock; and (viii) each share of common stock of Purchaser Merger Sub outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time will be converted into an equal number of shares of the Company, with the same rights, powers and privileges as the shares so converted and will constitute the only outstanding shares of capital stock of the Company. Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, Infinite Reality will use commercially reasonable efforts to cause the holders of outstanding obligations of Infinite Reality and its direct and indirect subsidiaries under the Convertible Promissory Notes (as defined in the Merger Agreement) (the Infinite Reality Convertible Instruments to convert all of their Infinite Reality Convertible Instruments into shares of common stock, par value 0.0001 per share, of Infinite Reality (the Infinite Reality Common Stock at the applicable conversion ratio (including any accrued or declared but unpaid dividends) as set forth in the Infinite Reality Convertible Instruments (the Infinite Reality Exchanges prior to the Effective Time, provided, that to the extent that Infinite Reality, or its direct or indirect subsidiaries, has the right or the option to cause the conversion of an Infinite Reality Convertible Instrument into shares of Infinite Reality Common Stock, the Infinite Reality shall exercise such right or option on or prior to the date and time at which the consummation of the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement (the Closing is actually held (the Closing Date ). At the Effective Time, by virtue of the Infinite Reality Merger and without any action on the part of any party or the holders of securities of any Purchaser Party or Infinite Reality: (i) subject to clause (ii) below, each share of Infinite Reality Common Stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time (after giving effect to the Infinite Reality Exchanges) will automatically be cancelled and cease to exist in exchange for the right to receive a number of shares of Pubco Common Stock equal to the result obtained by applying the then-current conversion ratio, and each holder of Infinite Reality Common Stock shall cease to have any other rights in and to Infinite Reality (subject to certain rights set forth in the Merger Agreement); (ii) notwithstanding clause (i) above, any shares of Infinite Reality Common Stock owned by Infinite Reality as treasury shares or owned by any direct or indirect subsidiary of Infinite Reality immediately prior to the Effective Time shall be canceled and shall cease to exist and no consideration will be delivered or deliverable in exchange therefor; (iii) each outstanding option to purchase Infinite Reality Common Stock that was granted pursuant to Company Equity Plan (as defined in the Merger Agreement) (each, a Infinite Reality Option (whether vested or unvested) shall be assumed by Pubco and automatically converted into an option to purchase shares of Pubco Common Stock, subject to the terms and conditions set forth in the Company Equity Plan; (iv) each outstanding warrant to purchase Infinite Reality Common Stock that was granted pursuant to that certain Note and Warrant Purchase Agreement, dated as of July 1, 2021, entered into by and among the Infinite Reality, the investors party thereto and Black, Inc. (each, a Infinite Reality Warrant shall be assumed by Pubco and automatically converted into a warrant for shares of Pubco Common Stock, subject to the terms and conditions of the Infinite Reality Warrant; (v) any other convertible security of Infinite Reality, other than Infinite Reality Options, if not exercised or converted prior to the Effective Time, shall be cancelled, retired and terminated and cease to represent a right to acquire, be exchanged for or convert into shares of Infinite Reality Common Stock; and (vi) all shares of common stock of Infinite Reality Merger Sub outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time shall be converted into an equal amount of shares of common stock of Infinite Reality, with the same rights, powers and privileges as the shares so converted and shall constitute the only shares of capital stock in Infinite Reality. 
 8 

Table of Contents 
 At the Effective Time, by virtue of the Mergers and without any action on the part of any party or the holders of securities of any Purchaser Party or Infinite Reality, all of the shares of Pubco issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time shall be canceled and extinguished and no consideration will be delivered or deliverable in exchange therefor. Related Agreements This section describes the material provisions of certain additional agreements entered into or to be entered into pursuant to or in connection with the Merger Agreement (the Ancillary Agreements but does not purport to describe all of the terms thereof. The following summary is qualified in its entirety by reference to the complete text of each of the Ancillary Agreements, a copy of which is filed as an exhibit and incorporated herein by reference. Voting Agreement In connection with entry into the Merger Agreement, Company and certain holders of Infinite Reality Common Stock will enter into a voting agreement (the Voting Agreement ), pursuant to which, among other things, each such holder has agreed to vote in favor of the Merger Agreement and the Infinite Reality Merger, on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Voting Agreements. Sponsor Letter Agreement In connection with the entry into the Merger Agreement, the Company, Infinite Reality, Pubco and the sponsor entered into a sponsor letter agreement (the Sponsor Letter Agreement pursuant to which the sponsor has agreed to vote in favor of the Merger Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby on the terms and conditions set forth in the Sponsor Letter Agreement. Pursuant to the Sponsor Letter Agreement, the sponsor has also agreed that it will not transfer any shares of Pubco Common Stock held by the sponsor immediately following the Closing issued in exchange for the founder shares held by the sponsor (the Sponsor Lock-Up Shares until the end of the applicable Sponsor Lock-Up Period (as defined below) with respect to such Sponsor Lock-Up Shares. As used in the Sponsor Letter Agreement, the Sponsor Lock-Up Period means the period beginning on the date of the Sponsor Letter Agreement and ending (i) in respect of Sponsor Lock-Up Shares of the sponsor (other than those Sponsor Lock-Up Shares specified in clause (ii) below), on the earlier to occur of (A) the date that is six calendar months after the Closing Date or (B) the Pubco Common Stock VWAP for the preceding thirty (30) consecutive trading days equals or exceeds 13.50; and (ii) in respect of Sponsor Lock-Up Shares which are allocable to the officers and directors of the sponsor, on the earlier to occur of (A) the date that is eighteen (18) calendar months after the Closing Date or (B) the termination of the Contingent Value Rights Agreement (the CVR Agreement in accordance with its terms. Lock-Up Agreement In connection with its entry into the Merger Agreement, Infinite Reality shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to obtain, as promptly as reasonably practicable following the date of the Merger Agreement, from the holders of 1 or more of Infinite Reality stock each member of the Infinite Reality board of directors, and each officer of Infinite Reality (collectively, the Infinite Reality Holders ), to execute lock-up agreements with Pubco (each, a Lock-Up Agreement ), pursuant to which each Infinite Reality Holder will agree not to, during the Lock-Up Period (as defined below), offer, sell, contract to sell, pledge or otherwise dispose of, directly or indirectly, any of the shares issued in connection with the Mergers (the Lock-Up Shares ), enter into a transaction that would have the same effect, or enter into any swap, hedge or other arrangement that transfers, in whole or in part, any of the economic consequences of ownership of such shares, whether any of these transactions are to be settled by delivery of any such shares, in cash, or otherwise. As used in the Lock-Up Agreement, the Lock-Up Period means the period commencing on the Closing Date and ending (i) in respect of each Infinite Reality Holder (other than Infinite Reality Holders specified in clause (ii) below) and their permitted transferees, the earlier to occur of (A) the date that is six calendar months after the Closing Date or (B) the Pubco Common Stock VWAP for the preceding thirty (30) consecutive trading days equals or exceeds 13.50; and (ii) in respect of each Infinite Reality Holder who is an officer, director, or 5 beneficial owner of Infinite Reality and their permitted transferees, on the earlier to occur of (A) the date that is eighteen (18) calendar months after the Closing Date or (B) the termination of the CVR Agreement in accordance with its terms. 
 9 

Table of Contents 
 Contingent Value Rights Agreement At or prior to the Closing, Pubco will enter into a CVR Agreement with a rights agent Rights Agent pursuant to which the holders of Company Common Stock (other than holders of Excluded Shares and founder shares, in respect of such shares) outstanding as of immediately prior to the Effective Time will receive one contingent value right (each, a CVR for each one whole share of Company Common Stock held by such stockholder on such date. Each CVR will represent the contractual right to receive a contingent payment in the form of shares of Pubco Common Stock (or in such other form as is provided for in the CVR Agreement), in an amount to be determined on the CVR Maturity Date (as that term is defined in the CVR Agreement), and to be paid as soon as practicable after the Settlement Date but not after the Payment Date (or, if earlier, upon a Change of Control) (as such terms are defined in the CVR Agreement). The payment to be received pursuant to each CVR is an amount calculated as a function of the excess of the Target Value over the Achieved Value up to the Share Cap (as such terms are defined in the CVR Agreement). The contingent payments under the CVR Agreement, if they become payable, will become payable to the Rights Agent for subsequent distribution to the holders of the CVRs. There can be no assurance that any payment of any shares of Pubco Common Stock will be made or that any holders of CVRs will receive any amounts with respect thereto. The right to the contingent payments contemplated by the CVR Agreement is a contractual right only and will not be transferable, except in the limited circumstances specified in the CVR Agreement. The CVRs will be evidenced by certificates for Pubco Units registered in the names of the holders thereof (which certificates shall also be deemed to be certificates representing CVRs) and not by separate CVR certificates. The CVRs will not have any voting or dividend rights and will not represent any equity or ownership interest in Pubco or any of its affiliates. No interest will accrue on any amounts payable in respect of the CVRs. Other Ancillary Agreements As promptly as reasonably practicable following the date of the Merger Agreement, Infinite Reality and the Company shall negotiate in good faith and prepare (i) a registration rights agreement of Pubco, (ii) an amendment to the Warrant Agreement, dated as of March 22, 2021, by and between the Company and Continental, and (iii) the forms of amended and restated certificate of incorporation and bylaws of Pubco (such forms together, the Amended Pubco Charter ), in form and substance reasonably acceptable to each of the parties, in each case to be effective upon the Closing. Other than as specifically discussed, this Report does not assume the closing of the Infinite Reality Business Combination. Industry Opportunity The Covid-19 pandemic has accelerated multiple trends that were already underway in the media, consumer, sports, and/or entertainment industries. Convergence among each of the four industries, strengthened by technology, has brought about opportunities for businesses to grow and attract consumers. The global video streaming market was valued at 50.1 billion in 2020 and is expected to grow 20.4 from 2020 to 2027. The popularity of such platforms has increased as a result of economic lockdowns, and there is higher viewership demand for major video streaming platforms, with Over-The-Top OTT media services (i.e. media content delivered over the Internet without the involvement of a traditional cable provider) accounting for 40 of global video streaming revenues in 2019, higher than traditional cable and pay-TV. The high penetration of smart devices, like smart TV and smartphone, growing demand for Video on Demand (VoD) content, and a high rate of per-user payment are some of the major factors driving the OTT market. The surging percentage of viewing time going to OTT video content is also changing the global entertainment landscape. According to the Arizona-based Limelight Networks, globally, viewers spend an average of 6.8 hours per week consuming OTT video, with the United States topping the averages at 8.6 hours. The sports industry has also been profoundly affected by the Covid-19 pandemic. Multiple sporting events in the United States were delayed or outright cancelled. This has resulted in eSports filling in the void created by the disappearance of traditional sports on television, with positive responses from fans and consumers, being made possible by the prevalence of streaming services. Two such instances include the eNASCAR iRAcing Pro Invitational Series on Fox Sports 1, and the NBA 2K game between Phoenix Suns and Dallas Mavericks, which attracted 1.6 million and 221,000 viewers, respectively. 
 10 

Table of Contents 
 Additionally, the success of video streaming platforms has led to changes in the way studios release movies, as consumers watch more films from home on streaming video services. As a result, several studios have released movies in the form of Premium Video on Demand PVoD services. During the early phase of COVID-19 stay at home orders, Deloitte found that 22 of consumers had paid to rent or watch a PVoD movie, and 90 of those said they would do so again. As the pandemic has continued, studios have released more movies via PVoD, and viewership has grown. As of October 2020, 35 of consumers say they ve watched a PVoD release. In the coming decade, the metaverse is also emerging as the biggest new growth opportunity for several industries, given the sheer breadth of potential applications and uses and the degree of investment from large technology companies, venture capital funds, and corporations and brands. By 2023, the metaverse may generate up to 5 trillion across consumer and enterprise use cases. Industries are already implementing metaverse initiatives, although most efforts to date have been centered around marketing; learning and development for employees; virtual meetings, events, or conferences; and product design or digital twinning applications. Of all the potential drivers of the economic impact of the metaverse, e-commerce is the largest. It is estimated to have a market impact of 2 trillion to 2.6 trillion by 2030 depending on whether a base or upside case for the metaverse s development is realized, a contribution which is expected to dwarf sectors such as academic virtual learning (an estimated 180 billion to 270 billion impact), advertising (an estimated 144 billion to 206 billion impact), and gaming (an estimated 108 billion to 125 billion impact). Gaming eclipses other subsectors of the entertainment industry with its popularity. With more than three billion users globally and a total value of more than 200 billion, the gaming sector is currently a larger industry than movies and music. Consumers and companies are already experimenting with the early metaverse from socializing to fitness, commerce, virtual learning, and scores of other daily activities. While gaming is already mainstream (and providing the largest current online worlds in terms of players), additional use cases are emerging rapidly including new AR/VR-powered social-media experiences, immersive retail, entertainment, sports, and education. Our Business Strategy Competitive Strengths We have focused our search for an initial business combination with private companies, such as Infinite Reality, that have compelling unit economics combined with a clear path to positive operating cash flow. Our selection process is leveraging a unique set of relationships with proven deal-sourcing capabilities to provide us with a strong pipeline of potential targets. We expect to distinguish ourselves with our ability to: Leverage our Extensive Network of Relationships to Create a Significant Pipeline Acquisition Opportunities . We believe the combination of our officers , directors and advisors broad investment and operating experience in addition to our ability to access a deep network of public and private enterprises, experienced operators, restructuring advisors, attorneys, accountants, family offices, hedge funds, and private equity firms enables us to identify and evaluate compelling target businesses, such as Infinite Reality. Our officers and directors all remain active in identifying special opportunities and situations where there are clear catalysts for value transformation, solid growth trajectory and ability to scale beyond the domestic market. Access a Wide Range of Global Opportunities . We believe the diverse, international experiences of our management team, advisors and sponsor provides us access to opportunities across multiple geographies. Our management team and advisors have previously invested in and built companies in North America, Europe and Asia, which offers additional growth vectors to a North American target and further areas to source potential follow-on targets. Employ a Rigorous Systematic Process of Identifying Target Companies and Acquiring a Business that will Be Well-Received by the Public Markets. We believe that our management s strong M A and investment track record in both private and public markets, combined with extensive public market trading experience, provides a distinct advantage for identifying, valuing and completing a business combination that will meet our investors expectations. Provide an Alternative Path to Becoming Public . We believe our structure makes us an attractive business combination partner to prospective target businesses that desire to become a publicly listed company. A merger with us will offer a target business an alternative path to a public listing rather than the traditional initial public offering process. We believe that target businesses may favor this alternative, which we believe is less expensive, while offering greater certainty of execution than the traditional 
 11 

Table of Contents 
 initial public offering. Furthermore, once a proposed business combination is approved by our stockholders and the transaction is consummated, the target business will have effectively become public, whereas an initial public offering is always subject to the underwriters ability to complete the offering, as well as general market conditions that could prevent the offering from occurring. Once public, we believe the target business should have greater access to capital and additional means of creating management incentives that are better aligned with stockholders interests than it would as a private company. A public company can offer further benefits by augmenting a company s profile among potential new customers and vendors and aid in attracting talented management. Offer Solid Execution and Structuring Capability . We believe that our management team s and sponsor s combined industry expertise and reputation allows them to source and complete transactions possessing structural attributes that create an attractive investment thesis. These types of transactions are typically complex and require creativity, industry knowledge and expertise, rigorous due diligence, and extensive negotiations and documentation. We believe that by focusing our investment activities on these types of transactions, we are able to generate investment opportunities that have attractive risk/reward profiles based on their valuations and structural characteristics. 
 
 12 

Table of Contents 
 Build and Operate Successful Multi-Billion Dollar Companies . Our management, board and advisors have decades of experience building and operating multibillion-dollar companies and have the ability to identify attractive candidates for our initial business combination. A distinguishing factor for our organization is the potential for any of our management, board or advisors to remain involved in an operating or board capacity of the newly public company post transaction. Our team has experience fostering relationships with sellers, capital providers and target management teams. Our team has also has experience integrating businesses acquired in mergers and acquisitions, and are capable of growing a business organically or inorganically if needed. 
 Acquisition Criteria We have identified the following general criteria and guidelines which we believe are important in evaluating prospective target businesses, such as Infinite Reality. While we have used these criteria and guidelines in evaluating acquisition opportunities and initially target businesses with enterprise values of approximately 500 million to 2.5 billion, we may decide to enter into our initial business combination with a target business that only meets some but not all of these criteria and guidelines. We intend to acquire one or more businesses, like Infinite Reality, that we believe has the following characteristics: Benefits from a Public Currency and Access to Public Equity Markets . Access to the public equity markets could allow the target company to utilize additional forms of capital, enhancing its ability to pursue accretive acquisitions, high-return capital projects, and/or strengthen its balance sheet and recruit and retain key employees through the use of publicly-traded equity compensation. Has a Strong Competitive Position and Growing Platform . We seek to acquire companies that we believe possess not only established business models and sustainable competitive advantages, but also a growing platform for equity investors. Has an Ability to Scale beyond Domestic Market . We look for a company with a product or platform which can be relevant internationally. We aim to replicate the competitive advantages within new markets as we assist the company expand. Operated by a Talented and Incentivized Management Team . We are focusing on companies with strong and experienced management teams that desire a significant equity stake in the post-business combination company. We seek to partner with a management team and/or sellers who are well-incentivized and aligned in an effort to create stockholder value. Benefits from Our Ability to Structure Transaction to Unlock and Maximize Value. We look for situations where our extensive experience and creativity can architect a win-win solution for both sides of the transaction. Has Revenue and Earnings Growth Potential. We seek to acquire one or more businesses that have multiple, diverse potential drivers of revenue and earnings growth. In the Technology Industry and can Benefit from the Extensive Networks and Insights We Have Built . We seek targets that can use technology to drive operational improvements and efficiency gains or use technology solutions to differentiate offerings and enhance their strategic positions, and that will benefit from the extensive contacts our management team has built in such industries. 
 
 13 

Table of Contents 
 These criteria are not intended to be exhaustive. Any evaluation relating to the merits of a particular initial business combination may be based, to the extent relevant, on these general guidelines as well as other considerations, factors and criteria that our management may deem relevant. In the event that we decide to enter into our initial business combination with a target business that only meets some but not all of the above criteria and guidelines, we will disclose that the target business does not meet the above criteria in our stockholder communications related to our initial business combination, which, as discussed in this Report, would be in the form of tender offer documents or proxy solicitation materials that we would file with the SEC. Our Acquisition Process In evaluating a prospective target business, we conduct thorough due diligence that encompasses, among other things, meetings with incumbent management and employees, document reviews, inspection of facilities, as well as a review of financial and other information made available to us. We utilize our operational and capital allocation experience. We are not prohibited from pursuing an initial business combination with a company that is affiliated with our sponsor, officers or directors. In the event we seek to complete our initial business combination with a company that is affiliated with our sponsor, officers or directors, we, or a committee of independent directors, will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions that our initial business combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view. Members of our management team and our independent directors directly or indirectly own founder shares, private shares and/or private warrants and, accordingly, may have a conflict of interest in determining whether a particular target business is an appropriate business with which to effectuate our initial business combination. Further, each of our officers and directors may have a conflict of interest with respect to evaluating a particular business combination if the retention or resignation of any such officers and directors was included by a target business as a condition to any agreement with respect to our initial business combination. Each of our officers and directors presently has, and any of them in the future may have additional, fiduciary or contractual obligations to other entities pursuant to which such officer or director is or will be required to present a business combination opportunity. Accordingly, if any of our officers or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity which is suitable for an entity to which he or she has then-current fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she will honor his or her fiduciary or contractual obligations to present such opportunity to such entity. We do not believe, however, that the fiduciary duties or contractual obligations of our officers or directors will materially affect our ability to complete our business combination. Initial Business Combination Nasdaq rules and our amended and restated certificate of incorporation require that our initial business combination must occur with one or more target businesses, including Infinite Reality, that together have an aggregate fair market value of at least 80 of the assets held in the trust account (excluding taxes payable on the income earned on the trust account) at the time of the agreement to enter into the initial business combination. If our board is not able to independently determine the fair market value of the target business or businesses, we will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions with respect to the satisfaction of such criteria. Effecting a Business Combination General We are not presently engaged in, and we will not engage in, any substantive commercial business until we consummate our initial business combination with Infinite Reality or another target (and we have not identified any other potential targets for our initial business combination). We intend to utilize cash derived from the proceeds of our initial public offering and the sale of private units, our capital stock, debt or a combination of these in effecting a business combination. A business combination may involve the acquisition of, or merger with, a company which does not need substantial additional capital, but which desires to establish a public trading market for its shares, while avoiding what it may deem to be adverse consequences of undertaking a public offering itself. These include time delays, significant expense, loss of voting control and compliance with various federal and state securities laws. In the alternative, we may seek to consummate a business combination with a company that may be financially unstable or in its early stages of development or growth. While we may seek to effect simultaneous business combinations with more than one target business, we will probably have the ability, as a result of our limited resources, to effect only a single business combination. 
 14 

Table of Contents 
 Sources of Target Businesses While we have selected Infinite Reality as the target business with which to consummate our initial business combination, we believe based on our management s business knowledge and past experience that there are numerous potential candidates if the Infinite Reality Business Combination is not consummated. Our principal means of identifying potential target businesses are through the extensive contacts and relationships of our sponsor, initial stockholders, officers, directors and advisors. While our officers and directors are not required to commit any specific amount of time in identifying or performing due diligence on potential target businesses, our officers and directors believe that the relationships they have developed over their careers and their access to our sponsor s contacts and resources will generate a number of potential business combination opportunities that will warrant further investigation. We also anticipate that target business candidates will be brought to our attention from various unaffiliated sources, including investment bankers, venture capital funds, private equity funds, leveraged buyout funds, management buyout funds and other members of the financial community. Target businesses may be brought to our attention by such unaffiliated sources as a result of being solicited by us through calls or mailings. These sources may also introduce us to target businesses they think we may be interested in on an unsolicited basis, since many of these sources will have read this report and know what types of businesses we are targeting. Our officers and directors must present to us all target business opportunities that have a fair market value of at least 80 of the assets held in the trust account at the time of the agreement to enter into the initial business combination, subject to any pre-existing fiduciary or contractual obligations. While we do not presently anticipate engaging the services of professional firms or other individuals that specialize in business acquisitions on any formal basis (other than EBC as described elsewhere in this Report), we may engage these firms or other individuals in the future, in which event we may pay a finder s fee, consulting fee or other compensation to be determined in an arm s length negotiation based on the terms of the transaction. In no event, however, will our sponsor, initial stockholders, officers, directors or their respective affiliates be paid any compensation prior to, or for any services they render in order to effectuate, the consummation of an initial business combination (regardless of the type of transaction that it is) other than the 10,000 per month administrative fee, the payment of consulting, success or finder fees in connection with the consummation of our initial business combination, the repayment of the 300,000 loan and reimbursement of any out-of-pocket expenses. Our audit committee reviews and approves all reimbursements and payments made to our sponsor, officers, directors or our or their respective affiliates, with any interested director abstaining from such review and approval. We have no present intention to enter into a business combination with a target business that is affiliated with any of our officers, directors or sponsor and Infinite Reality is not affiliated with any of our officers, directors or our sponsor. However, we are not restricted from entering into any such transactions and may do so if (i) such transaction is approved by a majority of our disinterested independent directors and (ii) we obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm, or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions, that the business combination is fair to our unaffiliated stockholders from a financial point of view. Selection of a Target Business and Structuring of a Business Combination Subject to our management team s pre-existing fiduciary obligations and the limitations that a target business, including Infinite Reality, have a fair market value of at least 80 of the balance in the trust account at the time of the execution of a definitive agreement for our initial business combination, as described below in more detail, and that we must acquire a controlling interest in the target business, our management has virtually unrestricted flexibility in identifying and selecting a prospective target business. We have not established any specific attributes or criteria (financial or otherwise) for prospective target businesses. In evaluating a prospective target business, our management may consider a variety of factors, including one or more of the following: financial condition and results of operation; growth potential; brand recognition and potential; experience and skill of management and availability of additional personnel; capital requirements; competitive position; barriers to entry; stage of development of the products, processes or services; existing distribution and potential for expansion; 
 15 

Table of Contents 
 degree of current or potential market acceptance of the products, processes or services; proprietary aspects of products and the extent of intellectual property or other protection for products or formulas; impact of regulation on the business; regulatory environment of the industry; costs associated with effecting the business combination; industry leadership, sustainability of market share and attractiveness of market industries in which a target business participates; and macro competitive dynamics in the industry within which the company competes. 
 These criteria are not intended to be exhaustive. Any evaluation relating to the merits of a particular business combination will be based, to the extent relevant, on the above factors as well as other considerations deemed relevant by our management in effecting a business combination consistent with our business objective. In evaluating a prospective target business, we conduct an extensive due diligence review which encompass, among other things, meetings with incumbent management and inspection of facilities, as well as review of financial and other information which is made available to us. This due diligence review is conducted either by our management or by unaffiliated third parties we may engage, although we have no current intention to engage any such third parties. The time and costs required to select and evaluate a target business and to structure and complete the business combination, including the Infinite Reality Business Combination, cannot presently be ascertained with any degree of certainty. Any costs incurred with respect to the identification and evaluation of a prospective target business with which a business combination is not ultimately completed, including the Infinite Reality Business Combination, will result in a loss to us and reduce the amount of capital available to otherwise complete a business combination. Fair Market Value of Target Business Nasdaq listing rules require that the target business or businesses that we acquire must collectively have a fair market value equal to at least 80 of the balance of the funds in the trust account at the time of the execution of a definitive agreement for our initial business combination and Infinite Reality met this requirement at the time we entered into the Merger Agreement with them. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if we are not then listed on Nasdaq for whatever reason, we would no longer be required to meet the foregoing 80 fair market value test. We currently anticipate structuring a business combination to acquire 100 of the equity interests or assets of the target business or businesses. We may, however, structure our initial business combination where we merge directly with the target business or a newly formed subsidiary or where we acquire less than 100 of such interests or assets of the target business in order to meet certain objectives of the target management team or stockholders or for other reasons, but we will only complete such business combination if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50 or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. Even if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50 or more of the voting securities of the target, our stockholders prior to the business combination may collectively own a minority interest in the post-transaction company, depending on valuations ascribed to the target and us in the business combination transaction. For example, we could pursue a transaction in which we issue a substantial number of new shares in exchange for all of the outstanding capital stock of a target. In this case, we could acquire a 100 controlling interest in the target; however, as a result of the issuance of a substantial number of new shares, our stockholders immediately prior to our initial business combination could own less than a majority of our outstanding shares subsequent to our initial business combination. If less than 100 of the equity interests or assets of a target business or businesses are owned or acquired by the post-transaction company, the portion of such business or businesses that is owned or acquired is what will be valued for purposes of the 80 of trust account balance test. The fair market value of the target will be determined by our board of directors based upon one or more standards generally accepted by the financial community (such as actual and potential sales, earnings, cash flow and/or book value). The proxy solicitation materials or tender offer documents used by us in connection with any proposed transaction will provide public stockholders with our analysis of the fair market value of the target business, as well as the basis for our determinations. If our board is not able to independently determine that the target business has a sufficient fair market value, we will obtain an opinion from an unaffiliated, independent investment banking firm, or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions, with respect to the satisfaction of 
 16 

Table of Contents 
 such criteria. We will not be required to obtain an opinion from an investment banking firm as to the fair market value if our board of directors independently determines that the target business complies with the 80 threshold. Lack of Business Diversification We may seek to effect a business combination with more than one target business, although we expect to complete our initial business combination with just one business, like Infinite Reality, although there is no assurance that we will complete the Infinite Reality Business Combination. Therefore, at least initially, the prospects for our success may be entirely dependent upon the future performance of a single business operation. Unlike other entities which may have the resources to complete several business combinations of entities operating in multiple industries or multiple areas of a single industry, it is probable that we will not have the resources to diversify our operations or benefit from the possible spreading of risks or offsetting of losses. By consummating a business combination with only a single entity, our lack of diversification may: subject us to numerous economic, competitive and regulatory developments, any or all of which may have a substantial adverse impact upon the particular industry in which we may operate subsequent to a business combination, and result in our dependency upon the performance of a single operating business or the development or market acceptance of a single or limited number of products, processes or services. 
 If we determine to simultaneously acquire several businesses and such businesses are owned by different sellers, we will need for each of such sellers to agree that our purchase of its business is contingent on the simultaneous closings of the other acquisitions, which may make it more difficult for us, and delay our ability, to complete the business combination. With multiple acquisitions, we could also face additional risks, including additional burdens and costs with respect to possible multiple negotiations and due diligence investigations (if there are multiple sellers) and the additional risks associated with the subsequent assimilation of the operations and services or products of the acquired companies in a single operating business. 
 17 

Table of Contents 
 Limited Ability to Evaluate the Target Business Management Although we have scrutinized the management of a prospective target business, including the Infinite Reality management team, when evaluating the desirability of effecting a business combination and plan to continue to do so in the event the Infinite Reality Business Combination is not consummated and we seek other business combination opportunities, we cannot assure you that our assessment of the target business management will prove to be correct. In addition, we cannot assure you that the future management will have the necessary skills, qualifications or abilities to manage a public company. Furthermore, the future role of our officers and directors, if any, in the target business following a business combination cannot presently be stated with any certainty. While it is possible that some of our key personnel will remain associated in senior management or advisory positions with us following a business combination, including the Infinite Reality Business Combination, it is unlikely that they will devote their full-time efforts to our affairs subsequent to our business combination. Moreover, they would only be able to remain with the company after the consummation of our business combination if they are able to negotiate employment or consulting agreements in connection with the business combination. Such negotiations would take place simultaneously with the negotiation of the business combination and could provide for them to receive compensation in the form of cash payments and/or our securities for services they would render to the company after the consummation of the business combination. While the personal and financial interests of our key personnel may influence their motivation in identifying and selecting a target business, their ability to remain with the company after the consummation of a business combination will not be the determining factor in our decision as to whether or not we will proceed with any potential business combination. Additionally, we cannot assure you that our officers and directors will have significant experience or knowledge relating to the operations of the particular target business. Following a business combination, we may seek to recruit additional managers to supplement the incumbent management of the target business. We cannot assure you that we will have the ability to recruit additional managers, or that any such additional managers we do recruit will have the requisite skills, knowledge or experience necessary to enhance the incumbent management. Stockholders May Not Have the Ability to Approve an Initial Business Combination In connection with any proposed business combination, we will either (1) seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination at a meeting called for such purpose at which stockholders may seek to redeem their shares, regardless of whether they vote for or against the proposed business combination or do not vote at all, into their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account (net of taxes payable), or (2) provide our stockholders with the opportunity to sell their shares to us by means of a tender offer (and thereby avoid the need for a stockholder vote) for an amount equal to their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account (net of taxes payable), in each case subject to the limitations described herein. The decision as to whether we will seek stockholder approval of a proposed business combination or will allow stockholders to sell their shares to us in a tender offer will be made by us, solely in our discretion, and will be based on a variety of factors such as the timing of the transaction and whether the terms of the transaction would otherwise require us to seek stockholder approval. If we determine to engage in a tender offer, such tender offer will be structured so that each stockholder may tender all of his, her or its shares rather than some pro rata portion of his, her or its shares. In that case, we will file tender offer documents with the SEC which will contain substantially the same financial and other information about the initial business combination as is required under the SEC s proxy rules. Whether we seek stockholder approval or engage in a tender offer, we will consummate our initial business combination only if we have net tangible assets of at least 5,000,001 immediately prior to or upon consummation of such business combination and, if we seek stockholder approval, a majority of the outstanding shares of common stock voted are voted in favor of the business combination. We have no specified maximum percentage threshold for redemptions in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and even those public stockholders who vote in favor of our initial business combination have the right to redeem their public shares. As a result, this may make it easier for us to consummate our initial business combination. We chose our net tangible asset threshold of 5,000,001 to ensure that we would avoid being subject to Rule 419 promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. However, if we seek to consummate an initial business combination with a target business that imposes any type of working capital closing condition or requires us to have a minimum amount of funds available from the trust account upon consummation of such initial business combination, we may need to have more than 5,000,001 in net tangible assets immediately prior to or upon consummation and this may force us to seek third party financing which may not be available on terms acceptable to us or at all. Under the terms of the Merger Agreement, the Company must have cash and cash equivalents of equal to or more than 50,000,000 in order for Infinite Reality to consummate the Infinite Reality Business Combination. Consequently, we will need to arrange third party financing in order complete our business combination with Infinite Reality. As of the date of this Report, we have no binding commitments for any third party or other financing. As a result, we may not be able to consummate such initial business 
 18 

Table of Contents 
 combination and we may not be able to locate another suitable target within the applicable time period, if at all. Public stockholders may therefore have to wait until the end of the Combination Period, or to such extended date as may be approved by our stockholders to consummate an initial business combination in order to be able to receive a pro rata share of the trust account. We have extended the initial deadline by which we must consummate our initial business combination from March 25, 2023 to September 25, 2023 and may seek to further extend the deadline. Such an extension requires the approval of our public shareholders to amend our charter, who will be provided the opportunity to at that time to redeem all or a portion their shares which would likely have a material adverse effect on the amount held in our trust account and other adverse effects on our company, such as our ability to maintain our listing on Nasdaq. Our sponsor, initial stockholders, officers and directors have agreed (1) to vote any shares of common stock owned by them in favor of any proposed business combination, (2) not to redeem any shares of common stock in connection with a stockholder vote to approve a proposed initial business combination and (3) not sell any shares of common stock in any tender in connection with a proposed initial business combination. None of our officers, directors, sponsor, initial stockholders or their affiliates has indicated any intention to purchase units or shares of common stock from persons in the open market or in private transactions. However, if we hold a meeting to approve a proposed business combination and a significant number of stockholders vote, or indicate an intention to vote, against such proposed business combination or that they wish to redeem their shares, our officers, directors, sponsor, initial stockholders or their affiliates could make such purchases in the open market or in private transactions in order to influence the vote and reduce the number of redemptions. Notwithstanding the foregoing, our officers, directors, sponsor, initial stockholders and their affiliates will not make purchases of shares of common stock if the purchases would violate Section 9(a)(2) or Rule 10b-5 of the Exchange Act, which are rules designed to stop potential manipulation of a company s stock. Redemption Rights At any meeting called to approve an initial business combination, including the Infinite Reality Business Combination, public stockholders may seek to redeem their shares, regardless of whether they vote for or against the proposed business combination or do not vote at all, into their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account as of two business days prior to the consummation of the initial business combination, less any taxes then due but not yet paid. As of December 31, 2022, the amount in the trust account was approximately 10.12 per share. Alternatively, we may provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to sell their shares of our common stock to us through a tender offer (and thereby avoid the need for a stockholder vote) for an amount equal to their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, less any taxes then due but not yet paid. We will also provide the opportunity to redeem to our public stockholders should we seek approval to amend our charter to extend the deadline by which we are required to consummate our initial business combination. Our sponsor, initial stockholders and our officers and directors will not have redemption rights with respect to any shares of common stock owned by them, directly or indirectly, whether acquired prior to our initial public offering or purchased by them in our initial public offering or in the aftermarket. Additionally, the holders of the representative shares and the private shares will not have redemption rights with respect to the representative shares and the private shares. We may require public stockholders, whether they are a record holder or hold their shares in street name, to either (i) tender their certificates to our transfer agent or (ii) deliver their shares to the transfer agent electronically using DWAC System, at the holder s option, in each case prior to a date set forth in the proxy materials sent in connection with the proposal to approve the business combination. There is a nominal cost associated with the above-referenced delivery process and the act of certificating the shares or delivering them through the DWAC System. The transfer agent will typically charge the tendering broker a nominal amount and it would be up to the broker whether or not to pass this cost on to the holder. However, this fee would be incurred regardless of whether or not we require holders seeking to exercise redemption rights. The need to deliver shares is a requirement of exercising redemption rights regardless of the timing of when such delivery must be effectuated. However, in the event we require stockholders seeking to exercise redemption rights prior to the consummation of the proposed business combination and the proposed business combination is not consummated this may result in an increased cost to stockholders. 
 19 

Table of Contents 
 Any proxy solicitation materials we furnish to stockholders in connection with a vote for any proposed initial business combination will indicate whether we are requiring stockholders to satisfy such certification and delivery requirements. Accordingly, a stockholder would have from the time the stockholder received our proxy statement up until the vote on the proposal to approve the business combination to deliver his, her or its shares if he, she or it wishes to seek to exercise his, her or its redemption rights. This time period varies depending on the specific facts of each transaction. However, as the delivery process can be accomplished by the stockholder, whether or not he is a record holder or his, her, or its shares are held in street name, in a matter of hours by simply contacting the transfer agent or his, her, or its broker and requesting delivery of his, her or its shares through the DWAC System, we believe this time period is sufficient for an average investor. However, we cannot assure you of this fact. Please see the risk factor titled In connection with any stockholder meeting called to approve a proposed initial business combination, we may require stockholders who wish to redeem their shares in connection with a proposed business combination to comply with specific requirements for redemption that may make it more difficult for them to exercise their redemption rights prior to the deadline for exercising their rights for further information on the risks of failing to comply with these requirements. Any request to redeem such shares once made, may be withdrawn at any time up to the vote on the proposed business combination or the expiration of the tender offer. Furthermore, if a holder of public shares delivered his, her or its certificate in connection with an election of their redemption and subsequently decides prior to the applicable date not to elect to exercise such rights, he may simply request that the transfer agent return the certificate (physically or electronically). If the initial business combination is not approved or completed for any reason, then our public stockholders who elected to exercise their redemption rights would not be entitled to redeem their shares for the applicable pro rata share of the trust account. In such case, we will promptly return any shares delivered by public holders. If the Infinite Reality Business Combination is not completed by the end of the Combination Period, we may, with stockholder approval, extend the period of time to complete the Infinite Reality Business Combination or an initial business combination with a different target or to liquidate if we fail to complete an initial business combination within the extended period of time. In connection with the Special Meeting and the approval of the Extension Proposal, the holders of 7,744,085 shares of common stock of the Company properly exercised their right to redeem their shares for cash at a redemption price of approximately 10.17 per share, for an aggregate redemption amount of approximately 78,770,623. As a result, approximately 78,770,623 will be removed from the Company s Trust Account to pay such holders. Following redemptions, the Company has 8,917,715 shares of common stock outstanding. 
 20 

Table of Contents 
 Liquidation if No Business Combination Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, as amended, provides that we will have until the end of the Combination Period to complete an initial business combination. We may also elect to seek to extend the deadline by which we must consummate our initial business combination. If we have not completed an initial business combination within the Combination Period, we will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem 100 of the outstanding public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including any interest not previously released to us but net of taxes payable, divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining stockholders and our board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject (in the case of (ii) and (iii) above) to our obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. Our sponsor, initial stockholders, officers and directors have agreed that they will not propose any amendment to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation that would affect our public stockholders ability to redeem or sell their shares to us in connection with a business combination as described herein or affect the substance or timing of our obligation to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete a business combination within the Combination Period, unless we provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their shares of common stock upon such approval at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest not previously released to us but net of franchise and income taxes payable, divided by the number of then outstanding public shares. This redemption right shall apply in the event of the approval of any such amendment, whether proposed by our sponsor, initial stockholders, executive officers, directors or any other person. Under the DGCL, stockholders may be held liable for claims by third parties against a corporation to the extent of distributions received by them in a dissolution. The pro rata portion of our trust account distributed to our public stockholders upon the redemption of 100 of our outstanding public shares in the event we do not complete our initial business combination within the required time period may be considered a liquidation distribution under Delaware law. If the corporation complies with certain procedures set forth in Section 280 of the DGCL intended to ensure that it makes reasonable provision for all claims against it, including a 60-day notice period during which any third-party claims can be brought against the corporation, a 90-day period during which the corporation may reject any claims brought, and an additional 150-day waiting period before any liquidating distributions are made to stockholders, any liability of stockholders with respect to a liquidating distribution is limited to the lesser of such stockholder s pro rata share of the claim or the amount distributed to the stockholder, and any liability of the stockholder would be barred after the third anniversary of the dissolution. It is our intention to redeem our public shares as soon as reasonably possible following the end of the Combination Period, and, therefore, we do not intend to comply with those procedures. As such, our stockholders could potentially be liable for any claims to the extent of distributions received by them (but no more) and any liability of our stockholders may extend well beyond the third anniversary of such date. Furthermore, if the pro rata portion of our trust account distributed to our public stockholders upon the redemption of 100 of our public shares in the event we do not complete our initial business combination within the required time period is not considered a liquidation distribution under Delaware law and such redemption distribution is deemed to be unlawful, then pursuant to Section 174 of the DGCL, the statute of limitations for claims of creditors could then be six years after the unlawful redemption distribution, instead of three years, as in the case of a liquidation distribution. Because we will not be complying with Section 280 of the DGCL, Section 281(b) of the DGCL requires us to adopt a plan, based on facts known to us at such time that will provide for our payment of all existing and pending claims or claims that may be potentially brought against us within the subsequent ten years. However, because we are a blank check company, rather than an operating company, and our operations will be limited to searching for prospective target businesses to acquire, the only likely claims to arise would be from our vendors (such as lawyers, investment bankers, etc.) or prospective target businesses. 
 21 

Table of Contents 
 We are required to seek to have all third parties (including any vendors or other entities we engage after our initial public offering) and any prospective target businesses enter into agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind they may have in or to any monies held in the trust account. As a result, the claims that could be made against us will be limited, thereby lessening the likelihood that any claim would result in any liability extending to the trust. We therefore believe that any necessary provision for creditors will be reduced and should not have a significant impact on our ability to distribute the funds in the trust account to our public stockholders. Nevertheless, Marcum, our independent registered public accounting firm, and the underwriters of our initial public offering, will not execute agreements with us waiving such claims to the monies held in the trust account. Furthermore, there is no guarantee that other vendors, service providers and prospective target businesses will execute such agreements. Nor is there any guarantee that, even if they execute such agreements with us, they will not seek recourse against the trust account. Our sponsor has agreed that it will be liable to ensure that the proceeds in the trust account are not reduced below 10.00 per share by the claims of target businesses or claims of vendors or other entities that are owed money by us for services rendered or contracted for or products sold to us, but we cannot assure you that it will be able to satisfy its indemnification obligations if it is required to do so. We have not asked our sponsor to reserve for such indemnification obligations, nor have we independently verified whether our sponsor has sufficient funds to satisfy its indemnity obligations and believe that our sponsor s only assets are securities of our company. Therefore, we believe it is unlikely that our sponsor will be able to satisfy its indemnification obligations if it is required to do so. Additionally, the agreement our sponsor entered into specifically provides for two exceptions to the indemnity it has given: it will have no liability (1) as to any claimed amounts owed to a target business or vendor or other entity who has executed an agreement with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind they may have in or to any monies held in the trust account, or (2) as to any claims for indemnification by the underwriters of our initial public offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. As a result, if we liquidate, the per-share distribution from the trust account could be less than 10.00 due to claims or potential claims of creditors. We anticipate notifying the trustee of the trust account to begin liquidating such assets promptly after the end of the Combination Period and anticipate it will take no more than 10 business days to effectuate such distribution. The holders of the founder shares have waived their rights to participate in any liquidation distribution from the trust account with respect to such shares. There will be no distribution from the trust account with respect to our warrants, which will expire worthless. We will pay the costs of any subsequent liquidation from our remaining assets outside of the trust account. If such funds are insufficient, our sponsor has contractually agreed to advance us the funds necessary to complete such liquidation (currently anticipated to be no more than approximately 100,000) and has contractually agreed not to seek repayment for such expenses. If we are unable to complete an initial business combination and expend all of the net proceeds of our initial public offering, other than the proceeds deposited in the trust account, and without taking into account interest, if any, earned on the trust account, the initial per-share redemption price would be 10.00. As discussed above, the proceeds deposited in the trust account could become subject to claims of our creditors that are in preference to the claims of public stockholders. Our public stockholders shall be entitled to receive funds from the trust account only in the event of our failure to complete a business combination within the Combination Period, if the stockholders seek to have us redeem or purchase their respective shares upon a business combination which is actually completed by us or upon certain amendments to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation prior to consummating an initial business combination. In no other circumstances shall a stockholder have any right or interest of any kind to or in the trust account. If we are forced to file a bankruptcy case or an involuntary bankruptcy case is filed against us which is not dismissed, the proceeds held in the trust account could be subject to applicable bankruptcy law, and may be included in our bankruptcy estate and subject to the claims of third parties with priority over the claims of our stockholders. If we are forced to file a bankruptcy case or an involuntary bankruptcy case is filed against us which is not dismissed, any distributions received by stockholders could be viewed under applicable debtor/creditor and/or bankruptcy laws as either a preferential transfer or a fraudulent conveyance. As a result, a bankruptcy court could seek to recover all amounts received by our stockholders. Furthermore, because we intend to distribute the proceeds held in the trust account to our public stockholders promptly following the expiration of the Combination Period, this may be viewed or interpreted as giving preference to our public stockholders over any potential creditors with respect to access to or distributions from our assets. Furthermore, our board may be viewed as having breached their fiduciary duties to our creditors and/or may have acted in bad faith, and thereby exposing itself and our company to claims of punitive damages, by paying public stockholders from the trust account prior to addressing the claims of creditors. We cannot assure you that claims will not be brought against us for these reasons. 
 22 

Table of Contents 
 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation contains certain requirements and restrictions relating to our initial public offering that apply to us until the consummation of our initial business combination. These provisions cannot be amended without the approval of a majority of our stockholders. If we seek to amend any provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation that would affect our public stockholders ability to redeem or sell their shares to us in connection with a business combination as described herein or affect the substance or timing of our obligation to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete a business combination by the end of the Combination Period, or to such extended date as may be approved by our stockholders to consummate an initial business combination, we will provide dissenting public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their public shares in connection with any such vote. This redemption right will apply in the event of the approval of any such amendment, whether proposed by our sponsor, any executive officer, director or any other person. Our sponsor, officers and directors have agreed to waive any redemption rights with respect to any founder shares and any public shares they may hold in connection with any vote to amend our amended and restated certificate of incorporation. Specifically, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides, among other things, that: we shall either (1) seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination at a meeting called for such purpose at which stockholders may seek to redeem their shares, regardless of whether they vote for or against the proposed business combination or do not vote at all, into their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account (net of taxes payable), or (2) provide our stockholders with the opportunity to sell their shares to us by means of a tender offer (and thereby avoid the need for a stockholder vote) for an amount equal to their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account (net of taxes payable), in each case subject to the limitations described herein; we will consummate our initial business combination only if we have net tangible assets of at least 5,000,001 immediately prior to or upon consummation of such business combination and, if we seek stockholder approval, a majority of the outstanding shares of common stock voted are voted in favor of the business combination; if our initial business combination is not consummated or extended by the end of the Combination Period or to such extended date as may be approved by our stockholders to consummate an initial business combination, then we will redeem all of the outstanding public shares and thereafter liquidate and dissolve our company; we may not consummate any other business combination, merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization or similar transaction prior to our initial business combination; and prior to our initial business combination, we may not issue additional stock that participates in any manner in the proceeds of the trust account, or that votes as a class with the common stock sold in our initial public offering on an initial business combination. 
 Competition In identifying, evaluating and selecting a target business, we may encounter intense competition from other entities having a business objective similar to ours, including other blank check companies. Many of these entities are well established and have extensive experience identifying and effecting business combinations directly or through affiliates. Many of these competitors possess greater technical, human and other resources than us and our financial resources are relatively limited when contrasted with those of many of these competitors. While there may be numerous potential target businesses that we could acquire with the net proceeds of our initial public offering, our ability to compete in acquiring certain sizable target businesses may be limited by our available financial resources. The following also may not be viewed favorably by certain target businesses: our obligation to seek stockholder approval of a business combination or engage in a tender offer may delay the completion of a transaction; our obligation to redeem or repurchase shares of common stock held by our public stockholders may reduce the resources available to us for a business combination; and our outstanding warrants, and the potential future dilution they represent. 
 Any of these factors may place us at a competitive disadvantage in successfully negotiating a business combination. Our management believes, however, that our status as a public entity and potential access to the United States public equity markets may give us a competitive advantage over privately held entities having a similar business objective as ours in acquiring a target business 
 23 

Table of Contents 
 with significant growth potential on favorable terms. If we succeed in effecting a business combination, there will be, in all likelihood, intense competition from competitors of the target business. If we succeed in effecting a business combination, there will be, in all likelihood, intense competition from competitors of the target business. We cannot assure you that, subsequent to a business combination, we will have the resources or ability to compete effectively. Facilities We currently maintain our principal executive offices at 121 High Street, Floor 3, Boston, MA 02110. The cost for this space is included in the 10,000 per-month fee to our sponsor. We are charged for general and administrative services pursuant to a letter agreement between us and our sponsor. We believe, based on rents and fees for similar services, that the fee charged by our sponsor is at least as favorable as we could have obtained from an unaffiliated person. We consider our current office space adequate for our current operations. Employees We have two executive officers. These individuals are not obligated to devote any specific number of hours to our matters and devote only as much time as they deem necessary to our affairs. The amount of time they devote in any time period is dependent on the stage of the business combination process the company is in. Accordingly, once a suitable target business to acquire has been located, such as Infinite Reality, management may spend more time investigating such target business and negotiating and processing the business combination (and consequently spend more time on our affairs) than had been spent prior to locating a suitable target business. We presently expect our executive officers to devote such amount of time as they reasonably believe is necessary to our business. We do not intend to have any full-time employees prior to the consummation of a business combination. Periodic Reporting and Audited Financial Statements We have registered our units, common stock and warrants under the Exchange Act and have reporting obligations, including the requirement that we file annual, quarterly and current reports with the SEC. In accordance with the requirements of the Exchange Act, our annual report will contain financial statements audited and reported on by our independent registered public accountants. We will provide stockholders with audited financial statements of the prospective target business as part of any proxy solicitation materials or tender offer documents sent to stockholders to assist them in assessing the target business. These financial statements will need to be prepared in accordance with or reconciled to GAAP or IFRS as promulgated by the International Accounting Standards Board. We cannot assure you that any particular target business identified by us as a potential acquisition candidate will have the necessary financial statements. To the extent that this requirement cannot be met, we may not be able to acquire the proposed target business. Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires that we evaluate and report on our system of internal controls. As long as we maintain our status as an emerging growth company, we will not be required to comply with the independent registered public accounting firm attestation requirement on our internal control over financial reporting. The fact that we are a blank check company makes compliance with the requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act particularly burdensome on us as compared to other public companies because a target company with which we seek to complete our business combination may not be in compliance with the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act regarding adequacy of its internal controls. The development of the internal control of any such entity to achieve compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may increase the time and costs necessary to complete any such acquisition or merger. We will remain an emerging growth company, as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act, as modified by the JOBS Act. As such, we are eligible to take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a non-binding advisory vote on executive compensation and stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. If some investors find our securities less attractive as a result, there may be a less active trading market for our securities and the prices of our securities may be more volatile. 
 24 

Table of Contents 
 In addition, Section 107 of the JOBS Act also provides that an emerging growth company can take advantage of the extended transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards. In other words, an emerging growth company can delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies. We have elected to take advantage of the benefits of this extended transition period. We will remain an emerging growth company until the earlier of (1) the last day of the fiscal year (a) following March 25, 2026, the fifth anniversary of the completion of our initial public offering, (b) in which we have total annual gross revenue of at least 1.235 billion, or (c) in which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer, which means the market value of our common stock that is held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of the prior June 30th, and (2) the date on which we have issued more than 1.0 billion in non-convertible debt during the prior three-year period. References herein to emerging growth company shall have the meaning associated with it in the JOBS Act. Additionally, we are a smaller reporting company as defined in Item 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K. Smaller reporting companies may take advantage of certain reduced disclosure obligations, including, among other things, providing only two years of audited financial statements. We will remain a smaller reporting company until the last day of the fiscal year in which (1) the market value of our common stock held by non-affiliates equals or exceeds 250 million as of the end of that year s second fiscal quarter, or (2) our annual revenues equals or exceeds 100 million during such completed fiscal year and the market value of our common stock held by non-affiliates equals or exceeds 700 million as of the end of that year s second fiscal quarter. Item 1A. Risk Factors. As a smaller reporting company under Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act, we are not required to include risk factors in this Report. However, below is a partial list of material risks, uncertainties and other factors that could have a material effect on the Company and its operations, including the Infinite Reality Business Combination if and when it is completed: we are a blank check company with no revenue or basis to evaluate our ability to select a suitable business target; we may not be able to complete our initial business combination with Infinite Reality Business Combination or select and complete our initial business combination with an appropriate alternative target business or businesses in the prescribed time frame; our expectations around the performance of a prospective target business or businesses , including Infinite Reality may not be realized; we may not be successful in retaining or recruiting required officers, key employees or directors following our initial business combination; our officers and directors may have difficulties allocating their time between the Company and other businesses and may potentially have conflicts of interest with our business or in approving our initial business combination; we may not be able to obtain additional financing to complete our initial business combination or reduce the number of stockholders requesting redemption; we may issue our shares to investors in connection with our initial business combination at a price that is less than the prevailing market price of our shares at that time; you may not be given the opportunity to choose the initial business target or to vote on the initial business combination; trust account funds may not be protected against third party claims or bankruptcy; an active market for our public securities may not develop and you will have limited liquidity and trading; 
 25 

Table of Contents 
 the availability to us of funds from interest income on the trust account balance may be insufficient to operate our business prior to the business combination; our financial performance following a business combination with an entity may be negatively affected by their lack an established record of revenue, cash flows and experienced management; changes in the market for directors and officers liability insurance could make it more difficult and more expensive for us to negotiate and complete an initial business combination; we may attempt to simultaneously complete business combinations with multiple prospective targets, which may hinder our ability to complete our initial business combination and give rise to increased costs and risks that could negatively impact our operations and profitability; we have engaged EBC to assist us in connection with our initial business combination. EBC is entitled to receive a cash fee for such services in an aggregate amount equal to up to 3.5 of the total gross proceeds of our initial public offering only if we consummate our initial business combination. The private shares and private warrants purchased by EBC or its designees and the representative shares will also be worthless if we do not consummate an initial business combination. These financial incentives may cause EBC to have potential conflicts of interest in rendering any such additional services to us after the initial public offering, including, for example, in connection with the sourcing and consummation of an initial business combination; we may attempt to complete our initial business combination with a private company, like Infinite Reality, about which little information is available, which may result in a business combination with a company that is not as profitable as we suspected, if at all; our private warrants are accounted for as derivative liabilities and are recorded at fair value upon issuance with changes in fair value each period reported in earnings, which may have an adverse effect on the market price of our common stock or may make it more difficult for us to consummate an initial business combination; since our initial stockholders will lose their entire investment in us if our initial business combination is not completed (other than with respect to any public shares they may acquire during or after the initial public offering), and because our sponsor, officers and directors may profit substantially even under circumstances in which our public stockholders would experience losses in connection with their investment, a conflict of interest may arise in determining whether a particular business combination target is appropriate for our initial business combination; changes in laws or regulations or how such laws or regulations are interpreted or applied, or a failure to comply with any laws or regulations, may adversely affect our business, including our ability to negotiate and complete our initial business combination, and results of operations; the value of the founder shares following completion of our initial business combination is likely to be substantially higher than the nominal price paid for them, even if the trading price of our common stock at such time is substantially less than 10.00 per share; resources could be wasted in researching acquisitions that are not completed, which could materially adversely affect subsequent attempts to locate and acquire or merge with another business. If we have not completed our initial business combination within the Combination Period, our public stockholders may receive only approximately 10.12 per share (based on the amount in trust account as of December 31, 2022), or less than such amount in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless; the SEC has recently issued proposed rules relating to certain activities of SPACs. Certain of the procedures that we, a potential business combination target, or others may determine to undertake in connection with such proposals may increase our costs and the time needed to complete our initial business combination and may constrain the circumstances under which we could complete an initial business combination. The need for compliance with such proposals may cause us to liquidate the funds in the trust account or liquidate the Company at an earlier time than we might otherwise choose; 
 26 

Table of Contents 
 if we are deemed to be an investment company for purposes of the Investment Company Act, we would be required to institute burdensome compliance requirements and our activities would be severely restricted. As a result, in such circumstances, unless we are able to modify our activities so that we would not be deemed an investment company, we may abandon our efforts to complete an initial business combination and instead liquidate the Company; to mitigate the risk that we might be deemed to be an investment company for purposes of the Investment Company Act, we will instruct the trustee to liquidate the investments held in the trust account and instead to hold the funds in the trust account in an interest bearing demand deposit account until the earlier of the consummation of our initial business combination or our liquidation. As a result, following the liquidation of investments in the trust account, we would likely receive less interest on the funds held in the trust account, which would likely reduce the dollar amount our public stockholders would receive upon any redemption or liquidation of the Company; we may not be able to complete an initial business combination with certain potential target companies if a proposed transaction with the target company may be subject to review or approval by regulatory authorities pursuant to certain U.S. or foreign laws or regulations, including the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States CFIUS ). In the United States, certain mergers that may affect competition may require certain filings and review by the Department of Justice and the Federal Trade Commission, and investments or acquisitions that may affect national security are subject to review by CFIUS. CFIUS is an interagency committee authorized to review certain transactions involving foreign investment in the United States by foreign persons in order to determine the effect of such transactions on the national security of the United States. Therefore, because we may be considered a foreign person under such rules and regulations, we could be subject to foreign ownership restrictions and/or CFIUS review if our proposed initial business combination is between us and a U.S. target company engaged in a regulated industry or which may affect national security; recent increases in inflation and interest rates in the United States and elsewhere could make it more difficult for us to consummate an initial business combination; military conflict in Ukraine or elsewhere may lead to increased price volatility for publicly traded securities, which could make it more difficult for us to consummate an initial business combination; a 1 U.S. federal excise tax may be imposed on us in connection with our redemptions of shares in connection with a business combination or other stockholder vote pursuant to which stockholders would have a right to submit their shares for redemption; there is substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern we have identified a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. If we are unable to develop and maintain an effective system of internal control over financial reporting, we may not be able to accurately report our financial results in a timely manner, which may adversely affect investor confidence in us and materially and adversely affect our business and operating results; financial instruments that potentially subject the Company to concentration of credit risk consist of cash accounts in a financial institution which, at times, may exceed the federal depository insurance coverage of 0.25 million. The Company has not experienced losses on these accounts and management believes the Company is not exposed to significant risks on such accounts. as the number of special purpose acquisition companies increases, there may be more competition to find an attractive target for an initial business combination; this could increase the costs associated with completing our initial business combination and may result in our inability to find a suitable target for our initial business combination; and if the funds held outside of our trust account are insufficient to allow us to operate until the end of the Combination Period, our ability to complete an initial business combination may be adversely affected. 
 27 

Table of Contents 
 Adverse developments affecting the financial services industry, including events or concerns involving liquidity, defaults or non-performance by financial institutions, could adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations, or our prospects. The funds in our operating account and our trust account are held in banks or other financial institutions. Our cash held in non-interest bearing and interest-bearing accounts would exceed any applicable Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation FDIC insurance limits. Should events, including limited liquidity, defaults, non-performance or other adverse developments occur with respect to the banks or other financial institutions that hold our funds, or that affect financial institutions or the financial services industry generally, or concerns or rumors about any events of these kinds or other similar risks, our liquidity may be adversely affected. For example, on March 10, 2023, the FDIC announced that Silicon Valley Bank had been closed by the California Department of Financial Protection and Innovation. Although we did not have any funds in Silicon Valley Bank or other institutions that have been closed, we cannot guarantee that the banks or other financial institutions that hold our funds will not experience similar issues. In addition, investor concerns regarding the U.S. or international financial systems could result in less favorable commercial financing terms, including higher interest rates or costs and tighter financial and operating covenants, or systemic limitations on access to credit and liquidity sources, thereby making it more difficult for us to acquire financing on terms favorable to us in connection with a potential business combination, or at all, and could have material adverse impacts on our liquidity, our business, financial condition or results of operations, and our prospects. Our business may be adversely impacted by these developments in ways that we cannot predict at this time, there may be additional risks that we have not yet identified, and we cannot guarantee that we will be able to avoid negative consequences directly or indirectly from any failure of one or more banks or other financial institutions. For the complete list of risks relating to our operations, see the section titled Risk Factors contained in our (i) Registration Statement filed with the SEC on February 1, 2021, and (ii) Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021, as filed with the SEC on March 31, 2022, and (iii) Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q for the quarters ended March 31, 2022, June 30, 2022 and September 30, 2022, as filed with the SEC on May 16, 2022, August 8, 2022 and November 10, 2022, respectively, (iv) Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2021 and September 30, 2021 filed with the SEC on May 24, 2021 and November 16, 2021, respectively and (v) other reports we file with the SEC. Any of these factors could result in a significant or material adverse effect on our results of operations or financial condition. Additional risks could arise that may also affect our business or ability to consummate an initial business combination. We may disclose changes to such risk factors or disclose additional risk factors from time to time in our future filings with the SEC. For risks relating to Infinite Reality and the Infinite Reality Business Combination, please see the section titled Risk Factors contained in the Registration Statement on Form S-4 of Pubco, once filed with the SEC. Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. Not applicable. Item 2. Properties. Our executive offices are located at 121 High Street, Floor 3, Boston, MA 02110, and our telephone number is (617) 894-3057. The cost for our use of this space is included in the 10,000 per month fee we pay to our sponsor for office space, administrative and shared personnel support services. We consider our current office space adequate for our current operations. Item 3. Legal Proceedings. To the knowledge of our management team, there is no litigation currently pending or contemplated against us, any of our officers or directors in their capacity as such or against any of our property. Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. Not applicable. 
 28 

Table of Contents 
 PART II Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters, and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. (a) Market Information Our units, public shares and public warrants are each traded on The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC under the symbols NBSTU, NBST, and NBSTW, respectively. Our units commenced public trading on March 22, 2021, and our public shares and public warrants commenced separate public trading on April 16, 2021. (b) Holders On March 30, 2023, there were 3 holders of record of our units, 6 holders of record of our shares of common stock, 1 holder of record of our public warrants. (c) Dividends We have not paid any cash dividends on our common stock to date and do not intend to pay cash dividends prior to the completion of our initial business combination. The payment of cash dividends in the future is dependent upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital requirements and general financial condition subsequent to completion of our initial business combination. The payment of any cash dividends subsequent to our initial business combination is within the discretion of our board of directors at such time. In addition, our board of directors is not currently contemplating and does not anticipate declaring any stock dividends in the foreseeable future. Further, if we incur any indebtedness in connection with our initial business combination, our ability to declare dividends may be limited by restrictive covenants we may agree to in connection therewith. (d) Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans. None. (e) Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities None. (f) Use of Proceeds from the Initial Public Offering None. For a description of the use of proceeds generated in our initial public offering and private placement, see Part II, Item 2 of our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2021, as filed with the SEC on May 24, 2021. There has been no material change in the planned use of proceeds from our initial public offering and private placement as described in the Registration Statement. (g) Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers None. Item 6. [Reserved]. 
 29 

Table of Contents 
 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operation The following discussion and analysis of the Company s financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the financial statements and the notes thereto contained elsewhere in this Report. Certain information contained in the discussion and analysis set forth below includes forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Overview We are a blank check company formed under the laws of the State of Delaware on November 6, 2020 for the purpose of effecting a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization or other similar business combination with one or more businesses. We intend to effectuate the Company s business combination using cash from the proceeds of the initial public offering and the sale of the private units, the Company s capital stock, debt or a combination of cash, stock and debt. All activity through December 31, 2022 relates to the Company s formation, initial public offering, and search for a prospective initial business combination target. Factors That May Adversely Affect the Company s Results of Operations The Company s results of operations and the Company s ability to complete an initial business combination may be adversely affected by various factors that could cause economic uncertainty and volatility in the financial markets, many of which are beyond the Company s control. The Company s business could be impacted by, among other things, downturns in the financial markets or in economic conditions, increases in oil prices, inflation, increases in interest rates, supply chain disruptions, declines in consumer confidence and spending, the ongoing effects of the COVID-19 pandemic, including resurgences and the emergence of new variants, and geopolitical instability, such as the military conflict in the Ukraine. We cannot at this time fully predict the likelihood of one or more of the above events, their duration or magnitude or the extent to which they may negatively impact the Company s business and the Company s ability to complete an initial business combination. Recent Developments On December 12, 2022, the Company entered into the Merger Agreement by and among the Company, Pubco, Purchaser Merger Sub, Infinite Reality Merger Sub and Infinite Reality. Pursuant to the terms of the Merger Agreement, (i) Purchaser Merger Sub will merge with and into the Company, with the Company continuing as the surviving entity and (ii) Infinite Reality Merger Sub will merge with and into Infinite Reality, with Infinite Reality continuing as the surviving entity. Following the Mergers, the Company and Infinite Reality will become direct wholly-owned subsidiaries of Pubco, and Pubco will become a publicly traded company. For additional details regarding the Infinite Reality Business Combination, please see the discussion under the heading Item 1. Business Infinite Reality Business Combination . Extension Meeting On March 3, 2023, we filed a definitive proxy statement for the Special Meeting to seek the approval of the Extension Proposal and to approve the Adjournment Proposal. The Special Meeting was held on March 21, 2023 and the Extension Proposal and the Adjournment Proposal were approved. In connection with approval of the Extension Proposal, the holders of 7,744,085 shares of common stock of the Company properly exercised their right to redeem their shares for cash at a redemption price of approximately 10.17 per share, for an aggregate redemption amount of approximately 78,770,623. As a result, approximately 78,770,623 will be removed from the Company s Trust Account to pay such holders. Following redemptions, the Company has 8,917,715 shares of common stock outstanding. Additionally, in connection with the approval of the Extension Proposal, the sponsor or its designees have agreed to contribute to the Company as a note (i) the lesser of (a) an aggregate of 600,000 or (b) 0.04 for each Public Share on a monthly basis that is not redeemed in connection with the Extension Amendment for the portion of the Extension ending on June 23, 2023; plus, (ii) an aggregate of 200,000 per month (commencing on June 23, 2023 and on the 23rd day of each subsequent month) until the charter extension date, or portion thereof, that is needed to complete an initial business combination, which amount will be deposited into the trust account. 
 30 

Table of Contents 
 Accordingly, the amount deposited per share depends on the number of public shares that remain outstanding after the redemption and the length of the extension period that will be needed to complete an initial business combination. For additional information regarding the Special Meeting and related matters, see Note 11. Subsequent Events in the Notes to the Financial Statements. Results of Operations The Company has neither engaged in any operations nor generated any revenues to date. The Company s only activities from commencement of operations through December 31, 2022 were organizational activities, initial public offering, and search for a prospective initial business combination target. The Company does not expect to generate any operating revenues until after the completion of its business combination. The Company generates non-operating income in the form of interest income or dividend income on marketable securities held in the trust account. The Company incurs expenses as a result of being a public company (for legal, financial reporting, accounting and auditing compliance), as well as expenses for due diligence related to the search for potential target companies. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company had a net loss of approximately 1.29 million, which consisted of dividend income of approximately 1.85 million and change in fair value of warrant liabilities of approximately 0.11 million, offset by franchise tax expense of approximately 0.20 million, income tax expense of 0.41 million and operating costs of approximately 2.64 million. For the period from January 15, 2021 (commencement of operations) through December 31, 2021, the Company had a net loss of approximately 0.59 million, which consisted of dividend income of 9,458, change in fair value of over-allotment liability of approximately 0.71 million, offset by change in fair value of warrant liabilities of approximately 0.01 million, warrant transaction costs of 454, offset by franchise tax expense of approximately 0.19 million and formation and operating costs of approximately 0.49 million. Liquidity and Capital Resources As of December 31, 2022, the Company had approximately 0.08 million in cash and no cash equivalents. Until the consummation of the initial public offering, the Company s only source of liquidity was an initial purchase of common stock by the sponsor and loans from its sponsor. On March 25, 2021, the Company s consummated the initial public offering of 12,000,000 units, at a price of 10.00 per unit, generating gross proceeds of 120.00 million. Simultaneously with the closing of the initial public offering, the Company consummated the sale of 390,000 private units at a price of 10.00 per private unit in a private placement to sponsor and EarlyBirdCapital, Inc., generating gross proceeds of 3.90 million. On March 30, 2021, the underwriters exercised the over-allotment option in part and purchased an additional 843,937 units, generating gross proceeds of approximately 8.44 million. In connection with the underwriters partial exercise of the over-allotment option, the Company sold an additional 16,879 private units at a price of 10.00 per private unit in a private placement to sponsor and EarlyBirdCapital, Inc., generating gross proceeds of approximately 0.17 million. Following the initial public offering and the private placement, a total of approximately 128.44 million was placed in the trust account. The Company incurred approximately 3.00 million in transaction costs, including approximately 2.57 million of underwriting fees and approximately 0.43 million of other offering costs. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had assets held in the trust account of approximately 129.95 million. The Company intends to use substantially all of the funds held in the trust account, including any amounts representing income earned on the trust account, to complete its business combination. To the extent that the Company s capital stock or debt is used, in whole or in part, as consideration to complete its business combination, the remaining proceeds held in the trust account will be used as working capital to finance the operations of the target business or businesses, make other acquisitions and pursue the Company s growth strategies. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had cash of approximately 0.08 million outside of the trust account. The Company intends to use the funds held outside the trust account and any proceeds from borrowings primarily to identify and evaluate target 
 31 

Table of Contents 
 businesses, perform business due diligence on prospective target businesses, travel to and from the offices, plants or similar locations of prospective target businesses or their representatives or owners, review corporate documents and material agreements of prospective target businesses, and structure, negotiate and complete a business combination. In order to fund working capital deficiencies or finance transaction costs in connection with a business combination, the Company s sponsor or an affiliate of the Company s sponsor or certain of the Company s officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan the Company funds as may be required. If the Company completes a business combination, the Company may repay such loaned amounts out of the proceeds of the trust account released to the Company. In the event that a business combination does not close, the Company may use a portion of the working capital held outside the trust account to repay such loaned amounts, but no proceeds from the Company s trust account would be used for such repayment. Up to 1.50 million of such loans may be convertible into units at a price of 10.00 per unit at the option of the lender. The units would be identical to the Private Units. In addition, on May 3, 2022, the Company issued a promissory note for up to approximately 0.4 million (the Note to the sponsor. The first drawdown was on May 24, 2022 of approximately 0.23 million. On August 30, 2022, September 6, 2022 and September 21, 2022 there were additional drawdowns of approximately 0.04 million, 0.11 million and 0.02 million respectively. As of December 31, 2022, 0.4 million was outstanding under the Note. The Note is non-interest bearing and the Company must make drawdown requests in amounts no less than 10,000 unless otherwise agreed upon by the parties. The principal balance of the Note is payable on the earlier of (i) the date on which the Company consummates its initial business combination and (ii) the date that the winding up of the Company is effective (such date, the Maturity Date ). The Company, pursuant to the Note, may at any time prior to payment in full of the principal balance of the Note elect to convert all or any portion of the unpaid principal balance of the Note into units (the Conversion Units at a conversion price of 10 per unit. Each Conversion Unit consists of one share of common stock of the Company and one-half of one warrant, each whole warrant exercisable for one share of common stock of the Company at a price of 11.50 per share. The Conversion Units shall be identical to the Private Units. Additionally, the Note entitles the sponsor to two demand registrations and unlimited piggyback registration rights for the Conversion Units (including underlying securities), which rights are the same as the registration rights provided under the registration rights agreement. On March 15, 2023, the Company amended and restated the Note (the Amended Note in its entirety to (1) increase the principal amount thereunder from 0.4 million to 0.9 million and (2) remove the right of the holder of the Amended Note to convert all or any portion of the unpaid principal balance of the note into the Company s units and related registration rights for such units (including underlying securities). The Amended Note is non-interest bearing and is payable on the earlier of (i) the date on which the Company consummates its initial business combination or (ii) the date that the winding up of the Company is effective. On March 22, 2023, the Company amended and restated the Amended Note (the Second Amended Note to increase the principal amount of up to 0.9 million to up to 2.1 million, pursuant to which the sponsor agreed to loan to the Company up to 2.1 million. In connection with the Company s assessment of going concern considerations in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification ASC Subtopic 205-40, Presentation of Financial Statements Going Concern , the Company has until the end of the Combination Period to consummate a business combination. If a business combination is not consummated by this date and an extension not obtained, there will be a mandatory liquidation and subsequent dissolution of the Company. Although the Company intends to consummate a business combination on or before the end of the Combination Period, it is uncertain whether the Company will be able to consummate a business combination by this time. Management has determined that the mandatory liquidation, should a business combination not occur and an extension is not obtained, and potential subsequent dissolution, as well as the potential for the Company to have insufficient funds available to operate its business prior to a business combination, raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. No adjustments have been made to the carrying amounts of assets or liabilities should the Company be required to liquidate after the end of the Combination Period. 
 32 

Table of Contents 
 Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements The Company had no obligations, assets or liabilities, which would be considered off-balance sheet arrangements as of December 31, 2022. the Company does not participate in transactions that create relationships with unconsolidated entities or financial partnerships, often referred to as variable interest entities, which would have been established for the purpose of facilitating off-balance sheet arrangements. the Company has not entered into any off-balance sheet financing arrangements, established any special purpose entities, guaranteed any debt or commitments of other entities, or purchased any non-financial assets. Contractual Obligations The Company does not have any long-term debt, capital lease obligations, operating lease obligations or long-term liabilities, other than described below. Business Combination Marketing Agreement The Company has engaged EarlyBirdCapital, Inc. as an advisor in connection with its business combination to assist it in holding meetings with its stockholders to discuss the potential business combination and the target business attributes, introduce the Company to potential investors that are interested in purchasing its securities in connection with its initial business combination, assist the Company in obtaining stockholder approval for the business combination and assist it with its press releases and public filings in connection with the business combination. The Company will pay EarlyBirdCapital, Inc. a cash fee of up to 4.2 million for such services upon the consummation of its initial business combination (exclusive of any applicable finders fees which might become payable); provided that up to 30 of the fee may be allocated at its sole discretion to other Financial Industry Regulatory Authority members that assist us in identifying or consummating an initial business combination. The Company will also pay EarlyBirdCapital, Inc. a cash fee of up to 1 of the gross proceeds from the initial public offering as a fee for introducing the Company to target companies for an initial business combination. Registration Rights Pursuant to a registration rights agreement entered into on March 22, 2021, the holders of the founder shares and Representative Shares, as well as the holders of the private units (and underlying securities) and any units issued in payment of working capital loans made to us (and underlying securities) are entitled to registration rights. The holders of a majority of these securities are entitled to make up to two demands that the Company register such securities. The holders of a majority of the representative shares, private units and units issued in payment of working capital loans made to us (or underlying securities) can elect to exercise these registration rights at any time after the Company consummates a business combination. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, EBC. may only make a demand on one occasion and only during the five-year period beginning on the effective date of the Registration Statement. In addition, the holders have certain piggy-back registration rights with respect to registration statements filed subsequent to consummation of a business combination; provided, however, that EBC may participate in a piggy-back registration only during the seven-year period beginning on the effective date of the Registration Statement. The registration rights agreement does not contain liquidating damages or other cash settlement provisions resulting from delays in registering the Company s securities. The Company will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statements. Underwriting Agreement The Company granted the underwriters a 45-day option from the date of the initial public offering to purchase up to 1,800,000 additional units to cover over-allotments, if any, at the public offering price less the underwriting discounts and commissions. The underwriters were entitled to an underwriting discount of 0.20 per unit, or 2.40 million in the aggregate, paid at the closing of the initial public offering. On March 30, 2021, the underwriters partially exercised their over-allotment option to purchase an 
 33 

Table of Contents 
 additional 843,937 units at 10.00 per unit. In connection with the underwriters partial exercise of the over-allotment option on March 30, 2021, the underwriters were paid an additional cash underwriting fee of approximately 0.17 million. Administrative Support Agreement The Company has agreed to pay the sponsor 0.01 million per month from the effective date of the registration statement for initial the public offering, for office space, utilities and secretarial and administrative support. Services will terminate upon the earlier of the consummation by the Company of a business combination or the liquidation of the Company. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company incurred 0.12 million for these services, of which such amount is included in the operating costs on the accompanying statements of operations. For the period from January 15, 2021 (commencement of operations) through December 31, 2021, the Company incurred 0.09 million for these services, of which such amount is included in the formation and operating costs on the accompanying statements of operations. Critical Accounting Estimates Management does not believe that any recently issued, but not yet effective, accounting pronouncements, if currently adopted, would have a material effect on the Company s financial statements. The preparation of financial statements and related disclosures in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, and income and expenses during the periods reported. Actual results could materially differ from those estimates. The Company has identified the following as its critical accounting policies: Net Loss Per Share of Common Stock The Company complies with accounting and disclosure requirements of Financial Accounting Standards Board Accounting Standard Codification, or FASB ASC, Topic 260, Earnings Per Share. Net loss per share of common stock is computed by dividing net loss attributable to common stockholders by the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding during the period, excluding common stock subject to forfeiture. The Company applies the two-class method in calculating earnings per share. The calculation of diluted loss per share of common stock does not consider the effect of the warrants issued in connection with the initial public offering since the exercise of the warrants are contingent upon the occurrence of future events and the inclusion of such warrants would be anti-dilutive. 
 34 

Table of Contents 
 Warrants The Company does not use derivative instruments to hedge exposures to cash flow, market, or foreign currency risks. The Company evaluates all of its financial instruments, including issued stock purchase warrants, to determine if such instruments are derivatives or contain features that qualify as embedded derivatives, pursuant to ASC Topic 480 and ASC Subtopic 815-15. The Company accounts for the warrants, as either equity or liability-classified instruments based on an assessment of the specific terms of the warrants and the applicable authoritative guidance in FASB ASC Topic 815, Derivatives and Hedging. The assessment considers whether the warrants meet all of the requirements for equity classification under ASC 815, including whether the warrants are indexed to its own common stock and whether the warrant holders could potentially require net cash settlement in a circumstance outside of its control, among other conditions for equity classification. This assessment, which requires the use of professional judgment, is conducted at the time of issuance of the warrants and as of each subsequent quarterly period end date while the warrants are outstanding. For issued or modified warrants that meet all of the criteria for equity classification, such warrants are required to be recorded as a component of additional paid-in capital at the time of issuance. For issued or modified warrants that do not meet all the criteria for equity classification, such warrants are required to be recorded at their initial fair value on the date of issuance, and each balance sheet date thereafter. Changes in the estimated fair value of liability-classified warrants are recognized as a non-cash gain or loss on the statements of operations. The private warrants are recognized as derivative liabilities in accordance with ASC Subtopic 815-40. Accordingly, the Company recognizes the warrant instruments as liabilities at fair value and adjust the instruments to fair value at each reporting period. The liabilities are subject to re-measurement at each balance sheet date until exercised, and any change in fair value is recognized in the Company s statement of operations. The fair value of the private warrants was initially measured at fair value using a Monte Carlo simulation model and subsequently, the fair value of the private warrants have been estimated using a Monte Carlo simulation model each measurement date. Common Stock Subject to Possible Redemption The Company accounts for the common stock subject to possible redemption in accordance with the guidance in ASC Topic 480 Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity. Shares of common stock subject to mandatory redemption (if any) are classified as a liability instrument and are measured at fair value. Conditionally redeemable shares of common stock (including shares of common stock that feature redemption rights that are either within the control of the holder or subject to redemption upon the occurrence of uncertain events not solely within the Company s control) are classified as temporary equity. At all other times, shares of common stock are classified as stockholders equity. The Company s shares of common stock that were sold as part of units in the initial public offering feature certain redemption rights are considered to be outside of the Company s control and subject to the occurrence of uncertain future events. Accordingly, as of December 31, 2022, 12,843,937 shares of common stock subject to possible redemption are presented at redemption value as temporary equity, outside of the stockholders equity section of the Company s balance sheet. In connection with the Special Meeting and the approval of the Extension Proposal, the holders of 7,744,085 shares of common stock of the Company properly exercised their right to redeem their shares for cash at a redemption price of approximately 10.17 per share, for an aggregate redemption amount of approximately 78,770,623. As a result, approximately 78,770,623 will be removed from the Company s Trust Account to pay such holders. Following redemptions, the Company will have 8,917,715 shares of common stock outstanding. For additional information regarding the Special Meeting and related matters. (See Note 11) Recent Accounting Pronouncements In August 2020, FASB issued Accounting Standards Update ASU 2020-06, Debt Debt with Conversion and Other Options (Subtopic 470-20) and Derivatives and Hedging Contracts in Entity s Own Equity (Subtopic 815-40) ASU 2020-06 to simplify accounting for certain financial instruments. ASU 2020-06 eliminates the current models that require separation of beneficial conversion and cash conversion features from convertible instruments and simplifies the derivative scope exception guidance pertaining to equity classification of contracts in an entity s own equity. The new standard also introduces additional disclosures for convertible 
 35 

Table of Contents 
 debt and freestanding instruments that are indexed to and settled in an entity s own equity. ASU 2020-06 amends the diluted earnings per share guidance, including the requirement to use the if-converted method for all convertible instruments. The provisions of ASU 2020-06 are applicable for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2023, with early adoption permitted no earlier than fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2020. The Company is currently assessing the impact, if any, that ASU 2020-06 would have on its financial position, results of operations or cash flows. Management does not believe that any recently issued, but not yet effective, accounting pronouncements, if currently adopted, would have a material effect on the Company s financial statements. Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk. Not required. Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. Reference is made to pages F-1 through F - 24 comprising a portion of this Report. Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. None. Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. Disclosure Controls and Procedures Disclosure controls and procedures are controls and other procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in company reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer (together, the Certifying Officers ), to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 36 

Table of Contents 
 Our Certifying Officers carried out an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2022. Based upon their evaluation, our Certifying Officers concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective, due solely to the material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting related to the Company s accounting for complex financial instruments. We do not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures will prevent all errors and all instances of fraud. Disclosure controls and procedures, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the disclosure controls and procedures are met. Further, the design of disclosure controls and procedures must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all disclosure controls and procedures, no evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures can provide absolute assurance that we have detected all our control deficiencies and instances of fraud, if any. The design of disclosure controls and procedures also is based partly on certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions. Management s Report on Internal Controls over Financial Reporting As required by SEC rules and regulations implementing Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Our internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of our financial statements for external reporting purposes in accordance with GAAP. Our internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that: (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of our company, (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of consolidated financial statements in accordance with GAAP, and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of our management and directors, and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on the consolidated financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect errors or misstatements in our financial statements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree or compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Management assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. In making these assessments, management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013). Based on our assessments and those criteria, management determined that we did not maintain effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 due solely to the material weakness related to the Company s accounting for complex financial instruments. As a result, we performed additional analysis as deemed necessary to ensure that our financial statements were prepared in accordance with GAAP. Accordingly, management believes that the financial statements included in this Report present fairly in all material respects our financial position, results of operations and cash flows for the period presented. In light of this material weakness, we have enhanced our processes to identify and appropriately apply applicable accounting requirements to better evaluate and understand the nuances of the complex accounting standards that apply to our financial statements including making greater use of third-party professionals with whom we consult regarding complex accounting applications. We plan to further improve this process by enhancing access to accounting literature, identification of third-party professionals with whom to consult regarding complex accounting applications and consideration of additional staff with the requisite experience and training to supplement existing accounting professionals. The elements of our remediation plan can only be accomplished over time, and we can offer no assurance that these initiatives will ultimately have the intended effects. We believe our efforts will enhance our controls relating 
 37 

Table of Contents 
 to accounting for complex financial transactions, but we can offer no assurance that our controls will not require additional review and modification in the future as industry accounting practice may evolve over time. This Report does not include an attestation report of our internal controls from our independent registered public accounting firm due to our status as an emerging growth company under the JOBS Act. Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting Other an as discussed above there were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the fiscal quarter ended December 31, 2022 that materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. Item 9B. Other Information. None. Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. Not applicable. PART III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance . Directors and Executive Officers As of the date of this Report, our directors and officers are as follows: Name Age Position Matthew Hong 50 Chairman Thomas Bushey 43 Chief Executive Officer and Director Kenneth King 36 Chief Financial Officer and Director Jennifer Vescio 52 Director Teddy Zee 65 Director The experience of our directors and executive officers is as follows: Matthew Hong has served as the Chairman of our board of directors since February 2021. Since January 2023, Mr. Hong has served as President Chief Operating Officer of PlayOn! Sports, a company engaged in streaming live and on-demand high school sports operating the NFHS Network, and GoFan, a high school ticketing solution in the United States. In this role, Mr. Hong oversees day-to-day operations for PlayOn! Sports. From May 2008 to June 2019, Mr. Hong served in various roles, culminating in serving as the chief operating officer, between March 2017 and June 2019, of Turner Sports, a subsidiary of WarnerMedia and AT T. In this role, he oversaw teams responsible for long-term business strategy, rights acquisitions, league partnerships, programming, marketing, revenue and sales inventory planning, and day-to-day operations for the division. In addition to his division-wide responsibilities, Mr. Hong oversaw the management of various sports businesses and properties including Bleacher Report, NBA TV, NBA Digital, NCAA Digital and March Madness Live, SI Digital, NASCAR.com, PGATOUR.com, PGA.com and PGA Championship Live, GOLF.com, and the B/R Live OTT offering. Prior to Turner Sports, from January 2006 to May 2008, he served as vice president and general manager of interactive media at Thomson Learning. From November 1999 to January 2006, he served in multiple roles at AOL, including as executive director of business development and executive director of search. While at AOL, he architected and oversaw the company s partnership with, and equity stake in, Google, and managed the search business across the AOL portfolio of properties. 
 38 

Table of Contents 
 Mr. Hong has been an independent director of Advocado, Inc., a data-as-a-service company, since July 2020. He previously served on the board of directors of PlayOn! Sports between August 2022 and January 2023; of Inception Growth Acquisition Limited, a special purpose acquisition company, between March 2021 and December 2022; of iStreamPlanet, a company that processes and delivers live video broadcasts over the Internet, between August 2015 and June 2019; and as a board observer of FanDuel, a gaming company, between June 2015 and October 2017. Mr. Hong received a JD, with honors, from Harvard Law School, and a BA in economics from NC State University. Mr. Hong is well qualified to serve on the board of directors due to his significant experience as a senior executive of media and internet companies. Thomas Bushey has served as our Chief Executive Officer and director since November 2020. Mr. Bushey brings a wealth of experience from his two-decades long career as a successful investor, board member and capital allocator. He is the founder and has served as CEO of Sunderland Capital since 2015. Sunderland Capital is an operationally focused, long-term oriented investment firm with a focus on emerging technologies and the consumer Internet. Mr. Bushey has also served on the board of Ondas Holdings Inc. (Nasdaq: ONDS), a developer of private licensed wireless data networks for mission-critical industrial markets, since 2020. Prior to founding Sunderland Capital, he was a portfolio manager at Blackrock. Prior to Blackrock, Mr. Bushey was a senior analyst for Mayo Capital Partners and Millennium Partners. Mr. Bushey began his career as an analyst for Credit Suisse First Boston CSFB and later moved to HCI Equity Partners (Thayer Capital). At CSFB from 2002 to 2005, he executed and analyzed mergers, acquisitions, leveraged buyouts, divestitures, takeover defenses, restructurings and debt and equity financing for corporate clients and financial sponsors. Mr. Bushey has a BS in Economics from the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania. Mr. Bushey was selected to serve on the board of directors due to his significant investment banking and management experience. Kenneth King has served as our Chief Financial Officer and director since November 2020. Mr. King has over 13 years of experience in venture building, venture capital, and mergers acquisitions. Since 2019, Mr. King has been a founding partner of Cambium Grove Capital, a global asset management platform investing in venture, private equity and alternative credit. Between 2016 and 2018, Mr. King served as a special consultant at Yixia Technology (Miaopai), which acquired Tiantian, a mobile video application company that Mr. King co-founded in 2015, where he served as CEO, until the acquisition by Yixia Technology, in 2016. In 2011, Mr. King was also the first investor and founding member of Tessa Therapeutics, a Singapore- based biotechnology company backed by Temasek Holdings, where he served as COO until 2014. Mr. King started his career with Morgan Stanley s Mergers and Acquisitions (M A) Group in Hong Kong from 2008 to 2010, where he participated in buy-side, sell-side, and cross-border transactions across a wide range of industries and Asia-Pacific geographies. Mr. King graduated from Stanford University in 2008 with a B.A. in Economics and a M.S. in Management Science and Engineering. Mr. King was selected to serve on our board of directors due to his significant venture building, venture capital, and mergers acquisitions experience. Jennifer Vescio has served as a member of our board of directors since February 2021. Since 2019, Ms. Vescio has served as the global head of business development for Uber Technologies Inc. where she is responsible for launching new strategic initiatives, closing partnership deals and managing partner operations. Ms. Vescio is a principal of Awestruck Ventures, a venture and strategy consulting firm she co-founded in 2015, where she currently serves as an advisor, investor, strategy and management consultant to tech, entertainment, sports digital media firms as well as an executive coach to CEOs and their teams. Ms. Vescio also served as a member of the board of directors of the PGA Tour, the organizer of the main professional golf tours played by men in the United States and North America, from 2015 to 2020. From 2017 to 2018, Ms. Vescio served as senior vice president, global head of corporate development and partnerships for Verizon Media where she focused on strategic growth, new business development, partnerships, and investments. From 2013 to 2016, she served as the head of global strategy and business development at eBay (NASDAQ: EBAY). While at eBay, she managed over 600 million in GMV (Global Merchandise Volume) through its partner network, which included partnerships with Samsung, HP, Yahoo!, Facebook, Pinterest, Twitter, and Telefonica. She also launched new strategic initiatives and incubated new businesses such as eBay Now, an on-demand local ordering and delivery platform which launched in San Francisco and New York. From 2010 to 2013, Ms. Vescio was the vice president of global business development at ESPN. In 2009, CBS hired Ms. Vescio to lead its strategy business development efforts until 2011. During her time at CBS, Ms. Vescio led its digital content distribution strategy and signed partnerships with YouTube, DailyMotion, eBay, Hulu and Yahoo!. Ms. Vescio earned her Bachelor of Science degree in Psychology/Biology from Allegheny College and her MBA from the UCLA Anderson School of Management. She also holds her ICF and NCF certifications for executive coaching. Ms. Vescio was selected to serve on the board of directors due to her experience as an executive in technology, entertainment, sports or digital media, as well as her significant experience on business development and management. Teddy Zee has served as a member of our board of directors since February 2021. Best known for such films as Pursuit of Happyness , Hitch Charlie s Angels , Mr. Zee has been a film and television producer since May 2005, with over thirty years of 
 39 

Table of Contents 
 experience in Hollywood. He has built an active global advisory and consulting practice across media and technology. He has previously served as president of Sony-based Overbrook Films from 2001 to 2005, president of Fox-based Davis Entertainment from 1997 to 2001, EVP at Columbia Pictures from 1990 to 1997, SVP at Paramount Pictures from 1985 to 1990. Since 1996, he is a member of Academy of Motion Picture Arts Sciences Oscars ), Academy of Television Arts Sciences Emmys) and Producers Guild of America. Mr. Zee has served as an advisor to Vizio, a leading HDTV maker and innovator in data advertising around smart TVs, since August 2019; Ford Models, an international modelling agency, since July 2020; Tapas Media, a platform for creators of bite-sized comics and web-stories, since September 2020; PureForm Global, a biotech company that synthesizes CBD from oils in orange peels, since March 2020; Tarsus Entertainment between August 2019 and October 2020, which delivers government approved video games through IPTV and OTT in China; Watcha, a Korean streaming and data/analytics venture, since April 2018; Kooding, an e-commerce fashion and beauty platform, since January 2017; Pickit, the digital collectibles marketplace platform serving KPOP fans, since May 2020; and ParagonOne, a platform that manages internships for enterprises, since September 2015. Mr. Zee advised Biola University s School of Cinema Media Arts between December 2017 and June 2019; Oben, a Softbank-backed start-up that uses AI, computer vision and blockchain to deploy personal avatars for the masses, between September 2015 and January 2019; Meitu, the Chinese photo and video app company that went IPO in Hong Kong, between February 2015 and June 2016; Starmaker, the user generated music and video platform, between February 2016 and January 2017; and Ooyala, a leading online video platform company, between April 2013 and May 2015. Mr. Zee also served as head of creative, mobile technologies division for Rambus, between March 2012 and September 2013. Rambus acquired Silicon Valley interactive media start-up Mozaik Multimedia, where Mr. Zee had previously held the position of chief creative officer between September 2011 and March 2012. Mr. Zee earned an MBA from Harvard Business School and a BS from Cornell University. Mr. Zee was selected to serve on the board of directors due to his significant experience on media and technology. Our Advisors We intend to leverage the capabilities of our advisors to assist us with the sourcing and evaluation of potential acquisition candidates. We believe the relationships, experience and expertise of these advisors will provide us with additional access and insight into potential target companies. However, our advisors are not executive officers of our company and have no written advisory agreement with us, nor do they have any other employment arrangements with us. Moreover, our advisors will not be under any fiduciary obligation to us nor will they perform board or committee functions, nor will they have any voting or decision-making capacity on our behalf. Our advisors will not be required to devote any specific amount of time to our efforts or be subject to the fiduciary requirements to which our board members are subject. Accordingly, if our advisors become aware of a business combination opportunity which is suitable for any of the entities to which they have fiduciary or contractual obligations, they will honor their fiduciary or contractual obligations to present such business combination opportunity to such entity, and only present it to us if such entity rejects the opportunity. We may modify or expand our roster of advisors as we source potential business combination targets or create value in businesses that we may acquire. Ted Seides serves as our senior advisor. He is the founder of Capital Allocators LLC, which he created in 2016 to explore best practices in the asset management industry from the perspective of asset owners, asset managers, and other relevant players. He hosts the Capital Allocators podcast, serves as an advisor to allocators and asset managers, helps asset managers convey their story through private podcasts, and educates investors. From 2002 to 2015, Mr. Seides served as the president and co-chief investment officer of Prot g Partners LLC, a leading multibillion-dollar alternative investment firm he founded that invested in and seeded small hedge funds. In 2010, Mr. Seides was profiled in the book Top Hedge Fund Investors. In 2016, Mr. Seides authored So You Want to Start a Hedge Fund: Lessons for Managers and Allocators. Mr. Seides began his career in 1992 under the tutelage of David Swensen at the Yale University Investments Office. 
 40 

Table of Contents 
 Katie Soo serves as our advisor. Ms. Soo is currently the senior vice president and head of growth marketing for HBO Max, but she has had a broad range of roles which has led her to spearhead the marketing efforts for Warner Brothers Digital and also for the DC Universe. As senior vice president of marketing, Ms. Soo is responsible for overseeing marketing across the Warner Brothers Digital Networks (WBDN) portfolio to develop initiatives that promote the division and strengthen the relationship with consumers. Ms. Soo plays a key role in enhancing brand awareness and exploring opportunities that help innovate the way consumers experience content through WBDN s wide portfolio of assets. Previously, Ms. Soo was the vice president of consumer marketing at Fullscreen Media, overseeing originals and content marketing, social, and public relations. Before that, she was head of social at Hulu where she led efforts to innovate, create and scale the digital vision across brand, originals, content, and product. Prior to Hulu, Ms. Soo was an early hire at Dollar Shave Club where she served as head of social and created the startup s marketing roadmap. Ms. Soo remains actively involved with several startups and is also recognized for her work in both creative storytelling and digital products. She serves on the Partner Advisory board of Pinterest. Ad Age has Ms. Soo on their 40 under 40 list. Number and Terms of Office of Officers and Directors We have five directors. Our board of directors is divided into three classes with only one class of directors being elected in each year and each class (except for those directors appointed prior to our first annual meeting of stockholders) serving a three-year term. In accordance with Nasdaq corporate governance requirements, we are not required to hold an annual meeting until one full year after our first fiscal year end following our listing on Nasdaq. The term of office of Class A directors, consisting of Jennifer Vescio who was elected at our annual meeting in 2022, will expire at our fourth annual meeting of stockholders. The term of office of Class B directors, consisting of Teddy Zee and Matthew Hong, will expire at the second annual meeting of stockholders. The term of office of Class C directors, consisting of Kenneth King and Thomas Bushey, will expire at the third annual meeting of stockholders. Our officers are appointed by the board of directors and serve at the discretion of the board of directors, rather than for specific terms of office. Our board of directors is authorized to appoint persons to the offices set forth in our bylaws as it deems appropriate. Our bylaws provide that our officers may consist of one or more Chief Executive Officers, a Chief Financial Officer, a Secretary, and such other offices as may be determined by the board of directors. Committees of the Board of Directors Audit Committee We have established an audit committee of the board of directors, which consists of Matthew Hong, Jennifer Vescio and Teddy Zee, each of whom is an independent director under Nasdaq s listing standards. Mr. Zee chairs the audit committee. The audit committee s duties, which are specified in our Audit Committee Charter, include, but are not limited to: reviewing and discussing with management and the independent auditor the annual audited financial statements, and recommending to the board whether the audited financial statements should be included in our Form 10-K; discussing with management and the independent auditor significant financial reporting issues and judgments made in connection with the preparation of our financial statements; discussing with management major risk assessment and risk management policies; monitoring the independence of the independent auditor; verifying the rotation of the lead (or coordinating) audit partner having primary responsibility for the audit and the audit partner responsible for reviewing the audit as required by law; reviewing and approving all related-party transactions; inquiring and discussing with management our compliance with applicable laws and regulations; pre-approving all audit services and permitted non-audit services to be performed by our independent auditor, including the fees and terms of the services to be performed; appointing or replacing the independent auditor; 
 41 

Table of Contents 
 determining the compensation and oversight of the work of the independent auditor (including resolution of disagreements between management and the independent auditor regarding financial reporting) for the purpose of preparing or issuing an audit report or related work; establishing procedures for the receipt, retention and treatment of complaints received by us regarding accounting, internal accounting controls or reports which raise material issues regarding our financial statements or accounting policies; and approving reimbursement of expenses incurred by our management team in identifying potential target businesses. 
 Financial Experts on Audit Committee The audit committee will at all times be composed exclusively of independent directors who are financially literate as defined under Nasdaq s listing standards. Nasdaq s standards define financially literate as being able to read and understand fundamental financial statements, including a company s balance sheet, income statement and cash flow statement. In addition, we must certify to Nasdaq that the committee has, and will continue to have, at least one member who has past employment experience in finance or accounting, requisite professional certification in accounting, or other comparable experience or background that results in the individual s financial sophistication. The board of directors has determined that Matthew Hong qualifies as an audit committee financial expert, as defined under rules and regulations of the SEC. Compensation Committee We have established a compensation committee of the board of directors, which consists of Jennifer Vescio and Teddy Zee, each of whom is an independent director under Nasdaq s listing standards. Jennifer Vescio chairs the compensation committee. The compensation committee s duties, which are specified in our Compensation Committee Charter, include, but are not limited to: reviewing and approving on an annual basis the corporate goals and objectives relevant to our Chief Executive Officer s compensation, evaluating our Chief Executive Officer s performance in light of such goals and objectives and determining and approving the remuneration (if any) of our Chief Executive Officer based on such evaluation; reviewing and approving the compensation of all of our other executive officers; reviewing our executive compensation policies and plans; implementing and administering our incentive compensation equity-based remuneration plans; assisting management in complying with our proxy statement and annual report disclosure requirements; approving all special perquisites, special cash payments and other special compensation and benefit arrangements for our executive officers and employees; if required, producing a report on executive compensation to be included in our annual proxy statement; and reviewing, evaluating and recommending changes, if appropriate, to the remuneration for directors. 
 Director Nominations We do not have a standing nominating committee though we intend to form a corporate governance and nominating committee as and when required to do so by law or Nasdaq rules. In accordance with Rule 5605 of the Nasdaq rules, a majority of the independent directors may recommend a director nominee for selection by the board of directors. The board of directors believes that the independent directors can satisfactorily carry out the responsibility of properly selecting or approving director nominees without the formation of a standing nominating committee. The directors who will participate in the consideration and recommendation of director nominees are Matthew Hong, Jennifer Vescio and Teddy Zee. In accordance with Rule 5605 of the Nasdaq rules, all such directors are independent. As there is no standing nominating committee, we do not have a nominating committee charter in place. 
 42 

Table of Contents 
 The board of directors will also consider director candidates recommended for nomination by our stockholders during such times as they are seeking proposed nominees to stand for election at the next annual meeting of stockholders (or, if applicable, a special meeting of stockholders). Our stockholders that wish to nominate a director for election to our board of directors should follow the procedures set forth in our bylaws. We have not formally established any specific, minimum qualifications that must be met or skills that are necessary for directors to possess. In general, in identifying and evaluating nominees for director, the board of directors considers educational background, diversity of professional experience, knowledge of our business, integrity, professional reputation, independence, wisdom, and the ability to represent the best interests of our stockholders. Code of Ethics We have adopted a code of ethics that applies to all of our executive officers, directors and employees. The code of ethics codifies the business and ethical principles that govern all aspects of our business. We have filed a copy of our form of Code of Ethics as an exhibit to the Registration Statement. Our Code of Ethics is available on the SEC website at www.sec.gov. We intend to disclose any amendments to or waivers of certain provisions of our Code of Ethics in a Current Report on Form 8-K. Our code of ethics is also available, free of charge, to any stockholder upon written request to us. Compliance with Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act requires our executive officers, directors and persons who beneficially own more than 10 of a registered class of our equity securities to file with the SEC initial reports of ownership and reports of changes in ownership of our common stock and other equity securities. These executive officers, directors, and greater than 10 beneficial owners are required by SEC regulation to furnish us with copies of all Section 16(a) forms filed by such reporting persons. Based solely on our review of such forms furnished to us and written representations from certain reporting persons, we believe that during the year ended December 31, 2022, all reports applicable to our executive officers, directors and greater than 10 beneficial owners were filed in a timely manner in accordance with Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act. Item 11. Executive Compensation No executive officer has received any cash compensation for services rendered to us. Commencing on the effective date of the Registration Statement through the acquisition of a target business or our liquidation of the trust account, we have paid and will pay, our sponsor 10,000 per month for providing us with office space and certain office and secretarial services. However, this arrangement is solely for our benefit and is not intended to provide our officers or directors compensation in lieu of a salary. Other than the 10,000 per month administrative fee, the payment of consulting, success or finder fees to our sponsor, officers, directors, initial stockholders or their affiliates in connection with the consummation of our initial business combination and the repayment of the 300,000 loan made by our sponsor to us, no compensation or fees of any kind is or will be paid to our sponsor, initial stockholders, members of our management team or their respective affiliates, for services rendered prior to or in connection with the consummation of our initial business combination (regardless of the type of transaction that it is). However, they will receive reimbursement for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred by them in connection with activities on our behalf, such as identifying potential target businesses, performing business due diligence on suitable target businesses and business combinations as well as traveling to and from the offices, plants or similar locations of prospective target businesses to examine their operations. There is no limit on the amount of consulting, success or finder fees payable by us upon consummation of an initial business combination. Additionally, there is no limit on the amount of out-of-pocket expenses reimbursable by us; provided, however, that to the extent such expenses exceed the available proceeds not deposited in the trust account, such expenses would not be reimbursed by us unless we consummate an initial business combination. After our initial business combination, members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting, management or other fees from the combined company with any and all amounts being fully disclosed to stockholders, to the extent then known, in the proxy solicitation materials furnished to our stockholders. However, the amount of such compensation may not be known at the time of the stockholder meeting held to consider an initial business combination, as it is up to the directors of the post- 
 43 

Table of Contents 
 combination business to determine executive and director compensation. In this event, such compensation will be publicly disclosed at the time of its determination in a Current Report on Form 8-K or a periodic report, as required by the SEC. Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters The following table sets forth information regarding the beneficial ownership of our common stock as of March 30, 2023, based on information obtained from the persons named below, with respect to the beneficial ownership of common stock, by: each person known by us to be the beneficial owner of more than 5 of our outstanding common stock; each of our executive officers and directors that beneficially owns our common stock; and all our executive officers and directors as a group. 
 In the table below, percentage ownership is based on 8,917,715 shares of our common stock issued and outstanding as of March 30, 2023. Unless otherwise indicated, we believe that all persons named in the table have sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares of common stock beneficially owned by them. The following table does not reflect record or beneficial ownership of the private warrants as these warrants are not exercisable within 60 days of the date of this Report. 

Approximate Number of Percentage Shares of Outstanding Beneficially Shares of Name and Address of Beneficial Owner (1) Owned Common Stock Matthew Hong (2) Thomas Bushey 3,565,669 (2) 40.0 Kenneth King 3,565,669 (2) 40.0 Jennifer Vescio (3) Teddy Zee (3) All directors and executive officers as a group (five individuals) 3,565,669 40.0 5 or More Holders Newbury Street Acquisition Sponsor LLC 3,565,669 (2) 40.0 Barclays Bank PLC (4) 841,565 10.6 Periscope Capital Inc. (5) 1,110,461 12.5 Magnetar Financial LLC (6) 1,109,680 12.4 Jane Street Group, LLC (7) 893,854 10.0 

 less than 1 (1) Unless otherwise noted, the business address of each of the following entities or individuals is c/o Newbury Street Acquisition Corporation, 121 High Street, Floor 3, Boston, MA 02110. (2) Represents securities held by Newbury Street Acquisition Sponsor LLC, our sponsor, of which Thomas Bushey and Kenneth King are managing members. Accordingly, all securities held by our sponsor may ultimately be deemed to be beneficially held by Thomas Bushey and Kenneth King. 
 
 44 

Table of Contents 
 (3) Does not include any securities held by Newbury Street Acquisition Sponsor LLC, of which each person is a member. Each such person disclaims beneficial ownership of the reported shares other than to the extent of his ultimate pecuniary interest therein. (4) According to a Schedule 13G filed with the SEC on January 30, 2023, the listed shares of common stock are owned by Barclays PLC, as a parent holding company, and are owned, or may be deemed to be beneficially owned, by Barclays Bank PLC, a non-US banking institution registered with the Financial Conduct Authority authorized by the Prudential Regulation Authority and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority and the Prudential Regulation Authority in the United Kingdom. Barclays Bank PLC, is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Barclays PLC. The number of public shares held by Barclays Bank PLC is reported as of December 31, 2022, as stated in the Schedule 13G, which does not reflect any redemption of shares by Barclays Bank PLC in connection with approval of the Extension Proposal on the Special Meeting or any other transactions after December 31, 2022. Accordingly, the number of public shares and the percentages set forth in the table may not reflect Barclays Bank PLC s current beneficial ownership. The principal business address in the United States for Barclays PLC: and Barclays Bank PLC: England is 1 Churchill Place, London, E14 5HP, England. (5) According to a Schedule 13G filed with the SEC on February 13, 2023, Periscope Capital Inc. Periscope is the beneficial owner of 895,561 shares of common stock, acts as investment manager of, and exercises investment discretion with respect to, certain private investment funds (each, a Periscope Fund that collectively directly own 214,900 shares of Common Stock. Periscope disclaims beneficial ownership of the shares owned by the Periscope Funds. The number of public shares held by Periscope is reported as of December 31, 2022, as stated in the Schedule 13G, which does not reflect any redemption of shares by Periscope in connection with approval of the Extension Proposal on the Special Meeting or any other transactions after December 31, 2022. Accordingly, the number of public shares and the percentages set forth in the table may not reflect Periscope s current beneficial ownership. The principal business address for Periscope is 333 Bay Street, Suite 1240, Toronto, Ontario, Canada M5H 2R2. (6) According to a Schedule 13G/A filed with the SEC on January 27, 2022, the listed shares of common stock are by Magnetar Financial LLC Magnetar Financial ). Magnetar Financial serves as the investment adviser to the Magnetar funds. These funds include Magnetar Constellation Fund II, Ltd Constellation Fund II ), Magnetar Constellation Master Fund, Ltd Constellation Master Fund ), Magnetar Systematic Multi-Strategy Master Fund Ltd Systematic Master Fund ), Magnetar Capital Master Fund Ltd Master Fund ), Magnetar Xing He Master Fund Ltd Xing He Master Fund ), Purpose Alternative Credit Fund Ltd Purpose Fund ), Magnetar SC Fund Ltd SC Fund ), all Cayman Islands exempted companies; Magnetar Structured Credit Fund, LP Structured Credit Fund ), a Delaware limited partnership; Magnetar Lake Credit Fund LLC Lake Credit Fund ), Purpose Alternative Credit Fund - T LLC Purpose Fund - T ), Delaware limited liability companies; collectively (the Magnetar Funds ). Magnetar Financial serves as the investment adviser to the Magnetar Funds, and as such, Magnetar Financial exercises voting and investment power over the Shares held for the Magnetar Funds accounts. Magnetar Capital Partners serves as the sole member and parent holding company of Magnetar Financial. Supernova Management is the general partner of Magnetar Capital Partners. The manager of Supernova Management is Mr. David J. Snyderman. The number of public shares held by Magnetar Financial is reported as of December 31, 2022, as stated in the Schedule 13G/A, which does not reflect any redemption of shares by Magnetar Financial in connection with approval of the Extension Proposal on the Special Meeting or any other transactions after December 31, 2022. Accordingly, the number of public shares and the percentages set forth in the table may not reflect Magnetar Financial s current beneficial ownership. The address of the principal business office of each of Magnetar Financial, Magnetar Capital Partners, Supernova Management, and Mr. Snyderman is 1603 Orrington Avenue, 13 th Floor, Evanston, Illinois 60201. (7) According to a Schedule 13G filed with the SEC on February 14, 2023, the listed shares of common stock are owned by Jane Street Group, LLC and are owned, or may be deemed to be beneficially owned, by Jane Street Group, LLC with shared voting power and shared dispositive power over 893,854 shares. Jane Street Capital, LLC has shared voting power and shared dispositive power over 289,822 shares and Jane Street Global Trading, LLC has shared voting power and shared dispositive power over 604,032 shares. The number of public shares held by Jane Street Group, LLC is reported as of December 31, 2022, as stated in the Schedule 13G, which does not reflect any redemption of shares by Jane Street Group, LLC in connection with approval of the Extension Proposal on the Special Meeting or any other transactions after December 31, 2022. Accordingly, the number of public shares and the percentages set forth in the table may not reflect Jane Street Group, LLC s current beneficial ownership. The principal business address in the United States for Jane Street Group, LLC, Jane Street Capital, LLC and Jane Street Global Trading, LLC is 250 Vesey Street 6th Floor New York, NY 10281. 
 Securities Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Table None. 
 45 

Table of Contents 
 Changes in Control On December 12, 2022, the Company and Infinite Reality entered into a business combination under the terms of the Merger Agreement. See Item 1. Business Infinite Reality Business Combination above regarding the agreements related to the Infinite Reality Business Combination. Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence On January 20, 2021, the Company issued 4,562,500 shares of common stock to our sponsor and EBC and its designees for 25,000 in cash, at a purchase price of approximately 0.006 per share, in connection with our organization. Approximately 4,312,500 shares of common stock were issued to the sponsor and approximately 250,000 shares were issued to EBC and its designees. On March 22, 2021, our sponsor and EBC effected a surrender of 862,500 and 50,000 shares of common stock to the Company, respectively, for no consideration. This resulted in a decrease in the total number of shares of common stock outstanding from 4,562,500 to 3,650,000. 
 46 

Table of Contents 
 On March 30, 2021, the underwriters partially exercised their over-allotment option to purchase an additional 843,937 units at 10.00 per unit. As a result of the underwriters election to partially exercise the over-allotment option, an aggregate of 239,016 founder shares has been forfeited by the sponsor. Our sponsor has purchased an aggregate of 354,715 private units and EBC has purchased an aggregate of 52,164 private units, at a price of 10.00 per unit, for an aggregate purchase price of 4,068,970 in a private placement that occurred simultaneously with the purchase of units resulting from the exercise of the over-allotment option. The private units are identical to the units sold in our initial public offering except that the private warrants included in the private units: (i) will not be redeemable by us and (ii) may be exercised for cash or on a cashless basis, so long as they are held by the initial purchaser or any of their permitted transferees. Once the private warrants are transferred to anyone other than a permitted transferee, the private warrants will be redeemable by us and exercisable by the holders on the same basis as the public warrants. Our sponsor and EBC have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of the private shares and the private warrants (except to certain permitted transferees) until after the completion of our initial business combination. In the event of a liquidation prior to our initial business combination, the private shares and the private warrants will likely be worthless. If the Company does not complete a business combination within the Combination Period, the proceeds from the sale of the private units will be used to fund the redemption of the public shares (subject to the requirements of applicable law). In order to meet our working capital needs following the consummation of our initial public offering, our sponsor, initial stockholders, officers and directors or their affiliates may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds, from time to time or at any time, in whatever amount they deem reasonable in their sole discretion. Each loan would be evidenced by a promissory note. The notes would either be paid upon consummation of our initial business combination, without interest, or, at holder s discretion, up to 1,500,000 of the notes may be converted into units at a price of 10.00 per unit. The units would be identical to the private units. In the event that the initial business combination does not close, we may use a portion of the working capital held outside the trust account to repay such loaned amounts, but no proceeds from our trust account would be used for such repayment. The holders of our founder shares issued and outstanding on the date of this Report, as well as the holders of the private shares, private warrants and any units our sponsor, initial stockholders, officers, directors or their affiliates may be issued in payment of Working Capital Loans made to us (and all underlying securities), are entitled to registration rights pursuant to a signed agreement. The holders of a majority of these securities are entitled to make up to two demands that we register such securities. The holders of the majority of the founder shares can elect to exercise these registration rights at any time commencing three months prior to the date on which these shares of common stock are to be released from escrow. The holders of a majority of the private shares, private warrants and units issued in payment of Working Capital Loans made to us (or underlying securities) can elect to exercise these registration rights at any time after we consummate a business combination. In addition, the holders have certain piggy-back registration rights with respect to registration statements filed subsequent to our consummation of a business combination. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, EBC may only make a demand on one occasion and only during the five-year period beginning on the effective date of the Registration Statement. In addition, EBC may participate in a piggy-back registration only during the seven-year period beginning on the effective date of the Registration Statement. On November 23, 2020, the sponsor issued an unsecured promissory note to the Company (the Promissory Note ), pursuant to which the Company may borrow up to an aggregate principal amount of 0.30 million. The Promissory Note was non-interest bearing and was payable on the earlier of June 30, 2021, or the consummation of the initial public offering. The outstanding balance of 0.19 million was paid in full on July 30, 2021. On May 3, 2022, the Company issued the Note in the principal amount of 0.4 million to the sponsor. On March 15, 2023, the Company issued the Amended Note which amended and restated the Note in its entirety to (1) increase the principal amount thereunder from 0.4 million to 0.9 million and (2) remove the right of the holder of the Amended Note to convert all or any portion of the unpaid principal balance of the note into the Company s units and related registration rights for such units (including underlying securities). The Amended Note is non-interest bearing and is payable on the earlier of (i) the date on which the Company consummates its initial business combination or (ii) the date that the winding up of the Company is effective. On March 22, 2023, the Company issued the Second Amended Note which amended and restated the Amended Note to increase the principal amount of up to 0.9 million to up to 2.1 million, pursuant to which the sponsor agreed to loan to the Company up to 2.1 million. 
 47 

Table of Contents 
 On March 24, 2023, the Company deposited the Initial Contribution and will deposit an aggregate of 200,000 per month during each Extension Period, or portion thereof, that is needed to complete an initial business combination, which amount will be deposited into the Trust Account. Our sponsor has agreed that, commencing on the effective date of the Registration Statement and ending on the earlier of our consummation of our initial business combination or the liquidation of the trust account, it will make available to us certain general and administrative services, including office space, utilities and administrative support, as we may require from time to time. We have agreed to pay 10,000 per month for these services. We believe, based on rents and fees for similar services, that these fees are at least as favorable as we could have obtained from an unaffiliated person. For the period from the effectiveness of the Registration Statement through December 31, 2022, the Company incurred 210,000 for these services, of which such amount is included in the formation and operating costs on accompanying statement of operations. 
 48 

Table of Contents 
 We have entered into agreements with our officers and directors to provide contractual indemnification in addition to the indemnification provided for in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation. Other than the 10,000 per month administrative fee, the payment of consulting, success or finder fees to our sponsor, officers, directors, initial stockholders or their affiliates in connection with the consummation of our initial business combination and repayment of the 300,000 loan, no compensation or fees of any kind is or will be paid to our sponsor, initial stockholders, members of our management team or their respective affiliates, for services rendered prior to or in connection with the consummation of our initial business combination (regardless of the type of transaction that it is). However, such individuals will receive reimbursement for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred by them in connection with activities on our behalf, such as identifying potential target businesses, performing business due diligence on suitable target businesses and business combinations as well as traveling to and from the offices, plants or similar locations of prospective target businesses to examine their operations. There is no limit on the amount of consulting, success or finder fees payable by us upon consummation of an initial business combination. Additionally, there is no limit on the amount of out-of-pocket expenses reimbursable by us; provided, however, that to the extent such expenses exceed the available proceeds not deposited in the trust account, such expenses would not be reimbursed by us unless we consummate an initial business combination. After our initial business combination, members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting, management or other fees from the combined company with any and all amounts being fully disclosed to stockholders, to the extent then known, in the proxy solicitation materials furnished to our stockholders. However, the amount of such compensation may not be known at the time of the stockholder meeting held to consider an initial business combination, as it will be up to the directors of the post-combination business to determine executive and director compensation. In this event, such compensation will be publicly disclosed at the time of its determination in a Current Report on Form 8-K or a periodic report, as required by the SEC. All ongoing and future transactions between us and any of our officers and directors or their respective affiliates will be on terms believed by us to be no less favorable to us than are available from unaffiliated third parties. Such transactions will require prior approval by a majority of our uninterested independent directors or the members of our board who do not have an interest in the transaction, in either case who had access, at our expense, to our attorneys or independent legal counsel. We will not enter into any such transaction unless our disinterested independent directors determine that the terms of such transaction are no less favorable to us than those that would be available to us with respect to such a transaction from unaffiliated third parties. Related Party Policy Our Code of Ethics requires us to avoid, wherever possible, all related party transactions that could result in actual or potential conflicts of interests, except under guidelines approved by the board of directors (or the audit committee). Related-party transactions are defined as transactions in which (1) the aggregate amount involved will or may be expected to exceed 120,000 in any calendar year, (2) we or any of our subsidiaries is a participant, and (3) any (a) executive officer, director or nominee for election as a director, (b) greater than 5 beneficial owner of our shares of common stock, or (c) immediate family member, of the persons referred to in clauses (a) and (b), has or will have a direct or indirect material interest (other than solely as a result of being a director or a less than 10 beneficial owner of another entity). A conflict of interest situation can arise when a person takes actions or has interests that may make it difficult to perform his or her work objectively and effectively. Conflicts of interest may also arise if a person, or a member of his or her family, receives improper personal benefits as a result of his or her position. Our audit committee, pursuant to its written charter, is responsible for reviewing and approving related-party transactions to the extent we enter into such transactions. The audit committee will consider all relevant factors when determining whether to approve a related party transaction, including whether the related party transaction is on terms no less favorable to us than terms generally available from an unaffiliated third-party under the same or similar circumstances and the extent of the related party s interest in the transaction. No director may participate in the approval of any transaction in which he is a related party, but that director is required to provide the audit committee with all material information concerning the transaction. We also require each of our directors and executive officers to complete a directors and officers questionnaire that elicits information about related party transactions. These procedures are intended to determine whether any such related party transaction impairs the independence of a director or presents a conflict of interest on the part of a director, employee or officer. 
 49 

Table of Contents 
 To further minimize conflicts of interest, we have agreed not to consummate an initial business combination with an entity that is affiliated with any of our sponsor, officers or directors unless we have obtained an opinion from an independent investment banking firm, or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions, that the business combination is fair to our unaffiliated stockholders from a financial point of view. We will also need to obtain approval of a majority of our disinterested independent directors. Director Independence Nasdaq listing standards require that a majority of our board of directors be independent. An independent director is defined generally as a person other than an officer or employee of the company or its subsidiaries or any other individual having a relationship which in the opinion of the company s board of directors, would interfere with the director s exercise of independent judgment in carrying out the responsibilities of a director. Our board of directors has determined that Matthew Hong, Jennifer Vescio and Teddy Zee is each considered an independent director under the Nasdaq listing rules Our independent directors will have regularly scheduled meetings at which only independent directors are present. Item 14 . Principal Accountant Fees and Services. The following is a summary of fees paid or to be paid to Marcum, for services rendered. Audit Fees Audit fees consist of fees for professional services rendered for the audit of our year-end financial statements and services that are normally provided by Marcum in connection with regulatory filings. The aggregate fees of Marcum for professional services rendered for the audit of our annual financial statements, review of the financial information included in our Forms 10-Q for the respective periods and other required filings with the SEC for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 totaled approximately 77,250 and 44,290, respectively. The aggregate fees of Marcum related to audit services in connection with our initial public offering totaled approximately 46,350. The above amounts include interim procedures and audit fees, as well as attendance at audit committee meetings. Audit-Related Fees Audit-related fees consist of fees billed for assurance and related services that are reasonably related to performance of the audit or review of our financial statements and are not reported under Audit Fees. These services include attest services that are not required by statute or regulation and consultations concerning financial accounting and reporting standards. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we did not pay Marcum any audit-related fees. Tax Fees We did not pay Marcum for tax services, planning or advice for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. All Other Fees We did not pay Marcum for any other services for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. Pre-Approval Policy Our audit committee was formed upon the consummation of our initial public offering. As a result, the audit committee did not pre-approve all of the foregoing services, although any services rendered prior to the formation of our audit committee were approved by our board of directors. Since the formation of our audit committee, and on a going-forward basis, the audit committee has pre-approved, and will pre-approve, all auditing services and permitted non-audit services to be performed for us by our auditors, including the fees and terms thereof (subject to the de minimis exceptions for non-audit services described in the Exchange Act which are approved by the audit committee prior to the completion of the audit). 
 50 

Table of Contents 
 PART IV Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statements and Financial Statement Schedules (a) The following documents are filed as part of this Report: 
 (1) Financial Statements 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID F-2 PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION Item 1. Financial Statements Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 F-3 Statements of Operations for the Year Ended December 31, 2022 and for the Period from January 15, 2021 (Commencement of Operations) through December 31, 2021 F-4 Statements of Changes in Stockholders (Deficit) Equity for the Year Ended December 31, 2022 and for the Period from January 15, 2021 (Commencement of Operations) through December 31, 2021 F-5 Statements of Cash Flows for the Year Ended December 31, 2022 and for the Period from January 15, 2021 (Commencement of Operations) through December 31, 2021 F-6 Notes to the Financial Statements F-7 (2) Financial Statements Schedule 
 All financial statement schedules are omitted because they are not applicable or the amounts are immaterial and not required, or the required information is presented in the financial statements and notes beginning on F-1 on this Report. (3) Exhibits 
 We hereby file as part of this Report the exhibits listed in the attached Exhibit Index. Exhibits which are incorporated herein by reference can be inspected on the SEC website at www.sec.gov. Item 16. Form 10-K Summary Not applicable. 
 51 

Table of Contents 
 NEWBURY STREET ACQUISITION CORPORATION FORM 10-K FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm F-2 PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION Item 1. Financial Statements Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-3 Statements of Operations for the Year Ended December 31, 2022 and for the Period from January 15, 2021 (Commencement of Operations) through December 31, 2021 F-4 Statements of Changes in Stockholders (Deficit) Equity for the Year Ended December 31, 2022 and for the Period from January 15, 2021 (Commencement of Operations) through December 31, 2021 F-5 Statements of Cash Flows for the Year Ended December 31, 2022 and for the Period from January 15, 2021 (Commencement of Operations) through December 31, 2021 F-6 Notes to the Financial Statements F-7 
 F-1 

Table of Contents 
 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM To the Shareholders and Board of Directors of Newbury Street Acquisition Corporation Opinion on the Financial Statements We have audited the accompanying balance sheets of Newbury Street Acquisition Corporation (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related statements of operations, changes in stockholders deficit and cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from January 15, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from January 15, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Explanatory Paragraph Going Concern The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As more fully described in Note 1 to the financial statements, the Company s business plan is dependent on the completion of a business combination and the Company s cash and working capital as of December 31, 2022 are not sufficient to complete its planned activities for a reasonable period of time, which is considered to be one year from the issuance date of the financial statements. The Company has also determined that the mandatory liquidation date is September 25, 2023. These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 1. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of these uncertainties. Basis for Opinion These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. /s/ Marcum LLP We have served as the Company s auditor since 2021. March 31, 2023 
 F-2 

Table of Contents 
 NEWBURY STREET ACQUISITION CORPORATION BALANCE SHEETS December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 ASSETS Current Assets Cash Prepaid expenses - current Total Current Assets Cash held in Trust Account Prepaid expenses - non-current Total Assets LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS (DEFICIT) EQUITY Current Liabilities Accrued expenses Related party payable Income tax payable Promissory note - related party Franchise tax payable Derivative warrant liabilities Total Current Liabilities Derivative warrant liabilities Total Liabilities Commitments and Contingencies (Note 6) Common stock subject to possible redemption; shares at redemption value STOCKHOLDERS (DEFICIT) EQUITY Preferred stock, par value; shares authorized; issued and outstanding Common stock, par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding, excluding shares subject to possible redemption Additional paid-in capital Accumulated deficit ) ) Total Stockholders (Deficit) Equity ) Total Liabilities and Stockholders (Deficit) Equity The accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements. 
 F-3 

Table of Contents 
 NEWBURY STREET ACQUISITION CORPORATION STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS 

For the Period January 15, 2021 For the Year (Commencement of Ended Operations) through December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Formation and operating costs Franchise tax expense Loss from operations ) ) Other income (expense): Change in fair value of derivative warrant liabilities Warrants transaction costs ) Dividend income Over-allotment derivative Other income Loss before provision for income taxes ) ) Income tax expense ) Net loss ) ) Weighted average shares outstanding, basic and diluted, redeemable common stock Basic and diluted net loss per share, redeemable common stock ) ) Weighted average shares outstanding, basic and diluted, non-redeemable common stock Basic and diluted net loss per share, non-redeemable common stock ) ) The accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements. 
 F-4 

Table of Contents 
 NEWBURY STREET ACQUISITION CORPORATION STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS (DEFICIT) EQUITY For the Period from January 15, 2021 (Commencement of Operations) through December 31, 2021 and the Year Ended December 31, 2022 

Additional Common Stock Paid-in Accumulated Total Stockholders Shares Amount Capital Deficit Equity Balance - January 15, 2021 (commencement of operations) Issuance of common stock to Sponsor Proceeds from the sale of Private Units Issuance of common stock to Representative ) Forfeiture of common stock by Sponsor ) ) Proceeds from Public Offering allocated to the Public Warrants, net of offering costs Accretion for common stock to redemption amount ) ) Change in fair value of over-allotment liability ) ) Net loss ) ) Balance - December 31, 2021 (audited) ) Accretion for common stock to redemption amount ) ) Reclassification of negative additional paid-in capital balance to accumulated deficit ) Net loss ) ) Balance - December 31, 2022 ) ) The accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements. 
 F-5 

Table of Contents 
 NEWBURY STREET ACQUISITION CORPORATION STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS For the Period from January 15, 2021 For the Year (Commencement of Ended Operations) through December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Cash Flows from Operating Activities: Net loss ) ) Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities: Change in fair value of derivative warrant liabilities ) ) Warrants transaction costs Dividend earned from Trust Account ) ) Change in fair value of over-allotment liability ) Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Prepaid expenses - current ) Prepaid expenses - non-current ) Accrued expenses Income tax payable Related party payable Franchise tax payable ) Net cash used in operating activities ) ) Cash Flows from Investing Activities: Investment of cash held in Trust Account ) Transfer from Trust Account Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities ) Cash Flows from Financing Activities: Proceeds from issuance of common stock to Sponsor Proceeds from sale of Units, net of underwriting discounts paid Proceeds from sale of Private Units Proceeds from promissory note related party Repayment of promissory note related party ) Payments of offering costs ) Net cash provided by financing activities Net Change in Cash ) Cash - Beginning of period Cash - End of period Non-cash investing and financing activities: Issuance of Representative Shares Offering costs paid through promissory note related party Initial classification of warrant liability Initial classification of common stock subject to possible redemption Accretion for common stock to redemption amount The accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements. 
 F-6 

Table of Contents NEWBURY STREET ACQUISITION CORPORATION NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 of the net assets held in the Trust Account, excluding taxes payable on the income earned on the trust account at the time of the Company s signing a definitive agreement in connection with its initial Business Combination. The Company will only complete a Business Combination if the post-transaction company owns or acquires or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires an interest in the target business or assets sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act ). There is no assurance that the Company will be able to successfully effect a Business Combination. The Company will provide its holders of the outstanding Public Shares (the public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their Public Shares upon the completion of a Business Combination either (i) in connection with a stockholder meeting called to approve the Business Combination or (ii) by means of a tender offer. The decision as to whether the Company will seek stockholder approval of a Business Combination or conduct a tender offer will be made by the Company. The public stockholders will be entitled to redeem their Public Shares for a pro rata portion of the amount then in the Trust Account (initially anticipated to be per Public Share, plus any pro rata income earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to the Company to pay its tax obligations). There will be no redemption rights upon the completion of a Business Combination with respect to the Company s warrants. The Public Shares subject to redemption are recorded at redemption value and are classified as temporary equity in accordance with the Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 480 Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity. 
 F-7 

Table of Contents NEWBURY STREET ACQUISITION CORPORATION NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 either prior to or upon such consummation of a Business Combination and, if the Company seeks stockholder approval, a majority of the shares voted are voted in favor of the Business Combination. If a stockholder vote is not required by applicable law or stock exchange rules and the Company does not decide to hold a stockholder vote for business or other reasons, the Company will, pursuant to its Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation ), conduct the redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission SEC and file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing a Business Combination. If, however, stockholder approval of the transaction is required by applicable law or stock exchange rules, or the Company decides to obtain stockholder approval for business or other reasons, the Company will offer to redeem shares in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to the proxy rules and not pursuant to the tender offer rules. If the Company seeks stockholder approval in connection with a Business Combination, the Sponsor has agreed to vote its Founder Shares and any Public Shares purchased during or after the Public Offering (a) in favor of approving a Business Combination and (b) not to redeem any shares in connection with a stockholder vote to approve a Business Combination or sell any shares to the Company in a tender offer in connection with a Business Combination. Additionally, each public stockholder may elect to redeem their Public Shares irrespective of whether they vote for or against the proposed transaction or do not vote at all. Notwithstanding the above, if the Company seeks stockholder approval of a Business Combination and it does not conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules, the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation provides that a public stockholder, together with any affiliate of such stockholder or any other person with whom such stockholder is acting in concert or as a group (as defined under Section 13 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act )), will be restricted from redeeming its shares with respect to more than an aggregate of or more of the Public Shares, without the prior consent of the Company. The Company initially had up to from the closing of the Public Offering to complete a Business Combination (the Combination Period ), or to such extended date as may be approved by our stockholders to consummate an initial business combination. On March 23, 2023, the Company filed an amendment to its Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation to extend the Combination Period to September 25, 2023 (refer to Note 11). If the Company is unable to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period, the Company will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the Public Shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account including income earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to the Company to pay taxes (less up to million of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding Public Shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of the Company s remaining stockholders and the Company s board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in each case to the Company s obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. The Sponsor has agreed to waive its liquidation rights with respect to the Founder Shares if the Company fails to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period. However, if the Sponsor acquires Public Shares in or after the Public Offering, such Public Shares will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account if the Company fails to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period. In the event of such distribution, it is possible that the per share value of the assets remaining available for distribution will be less than the Public Offering price per Unit ). 
 F-8 

Table of Contents NEWBURY STREET ACQUISITION CORPORATION NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 per Public Share and (2) the actual amount per Public Share held in the Trust Account as of the date of the liquidation of the Trust Account due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, less taxes payable, provided that such liability will not apply to claims by a third party or prospective target business who executed a waiver of any and all rights to the monies held in the Trust Account nor will it apply to any claims under the Company s indemnity of the underwriters of the Public Offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ). Moreover, in the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third party, the Sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third-party claims. The Company will seek to reduce the possibility that the Sponsor will have to indemnify the Trust Account due to claims of creditors by endeavoring to have all vendors, service providers (except the Company s independent registered public accounting firm), prospective target businesses and other entities with which the Company does business, execute agreements with the Company waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to monies held in the Trust Account. Merger Agreement On December 12, 2022, the Company, entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger (the Merger Agreement by and among (i) the Company, (ii) Infinite Reality Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation and a direct wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company Pubco ), (iii) Infinity Purchaser Merger Sub Inc., a Delaware corporation and a direct wholly-owned subsidiary of Pubco Purchaser Merger Sub ), (iv) Infinity NBIR Company Merger Sub Inc., a Delaware corporation and a direct wholly-owned subsidiary of Pubco Infinite Reality Merger Sub and, together with Purchaser Merger Sub, the Merger Subs, and the Merger Subs collectively with the Company and Pubco, the Purchaser Parties ), and (v) Infinite Reality, Inc., a Delaware corporation Infinite Reality ). Pursuant to the terms of the Merger Agreement, (i) Purchaser Merger Sub will merge with and into the Company, with the Company continuing as the surviving entity (the Purchaser Merger ), (ii) Infinite Reality Merger Sub will merge with and into Infinite Reality, with the Infinite Reality continuing as the surviving entity (the Company Merger, and together with the Purchaser Merger, the Mergers ), and (iii) following the Mergers, the Company and the Infinite Reality will become direct wholly-owned subsidiaries of Pubco, and Pubco will become a publicly traded company. Liquidity and Going Concern As of December 31, 2022, the Company had approximately million in its operating bank account, approximately million of cash held in the Trust Account to be used for a Business Combination or to repurchase or redeem its common stock in connection therewith and a working capital deficiency of approximately million. Until the consummation of a Business Combination, the Company will be using the funds not held in the Trust Account for identifying and evaluating prospective acquisition candidates, performing due diligence on prospective target businesses, paying for travel expenditures, selecting the target business to acquire, and structuring, negotiating and consummating the Business Combination. 
 F-9 

Table of Contents NEWBURY STREET ACQUISITION CORPORATION NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 
 F-10 

Table of Contents NEWBURY STREET ACQUISITION CORPORATION NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 NOTE 2 SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued) t have any cash equivalents, outside of funds held in the Trust Account. million and million, respectively of assets held in Trust Account held in Treasury Bills. shares of common stock sold as part of the Units in the Public Offering contain a redemption feature which allows for the redemption of such Public Shares in connection with the Company s liquidation if there is a stockholder vote or tender offer in connection with the Business Combination. In accordance with SEC and its staff s guidance on redeemable equity instruments, which has been codified in ASC Topic 480-10-S99, redemption provisions not solely within the control of the Company require common stock subject to redemption to be classified outside of permanent equity. Ordinary liquidation events, which involve the redemption and liquidation of all of the entity s equity instruments, are excluded from the provisions of ASC Topic 480. The Company recognizes changes in redemption value immediately as they occur and adjusts the carrying value of redeemable shares of common stock to equal the redemption value at the end of each reporting period. Increases or decreases in the carrying amount of redeemable shares of common stock are affected by charges against additional paid-in capital and accumulated deficit. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the shares of common stock subject to possible redemption and included as temporary equity were as follows: Less: Proceeds allocated to public warrants ) Common stock issuance costs ) Plus: Accretion of carrying value to redemption value Contingently redeemable common stock 
 F-11 

Table of Contents NEWBURY STREET ACQUISITION CORPORATION NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 NOTE 2 SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued) million as a result of the Public Offering consisting of million of cash underwriting discount and million of other offering costs. As such, the Company recorded million of offering costs as a reduction of temporary equity, million of offering costs as a reduction of permanent equity and of offering cost as reduction in the statement of operations. 
 F-12 

Table of Contents NEWBURY STREET ACQUISITION CORPORATION NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 NOTE 2 SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued) Private Warrants are recognized as derivative liabilities in accordance with ASC Subtopic 815-40. Accordingly, the Company recognizes the warrant instruments as liabilities at fair value and adjust the instruments to fair value at each reporting period. The liabilities are subject to re-measurement at each balance sheet date until exercised, and any change in fair value is recognized in the Company s statements of operations. The fair value of the Private Warrants was initially measured at fair value using a Monte Carlo simulation model and subsequently, the fair value of the Private Warrants have been estimated using a Monte Carlo simulation model each measurement date. shares of common stock in the aggregate. ) Denominator: Weighted average shares outstanding, redeemable common stock Basic and diluted net loss per share, redeemable common stock ) ) Non-redeemable common stock Numerator: Net loss allocable to common stock not subject to redemption ) ) Denominator: Weighted average shares outstanding, non-redeemable common stock Basic and diluted net loss per share, non-redeemable common stock ) ) 
 F-13 

Table of Contents NEWBURY STREET ACQUISITION CORPORATION NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 NOTE 2 SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued) t recognition threshold, the Company recognizes the largest amount of tax benefit that is more than 50 percent likely to be realized upon ultimate settlement with the related tax authority. The Company recognizes interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits within the income tax expense line in the accompanying statement of operations. As of December 31, 2022, the company does t have uncertain tax positions or interest and penalties related to uncertain tax positions. On August 16, 2022, the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 (the IR Act was enacted into law. Among other changes to the tax code, the act imposes a 1 excise tax on certain repurchases of corporate stock by certain publicly traded corporations. The 1 stock buyback tax applies to redemptions by domestic corporations occurring in taxable years beginning after December 31, 2022. The stock buyback tax may be applicable to certain SPAC redemptions, including in connection with a SPAC s business combination. For purposes of calculating the excise tax, repurchasing corporations are permitted to net the fair market value of certain new stock issuances against the fair market value of stock repurchases during the same taxable year. In addition, a number of exceptions to the stock buyback tax are available including exceptions to certain reorganizations; however, while these exceptions may be helpful in limiting the application of the stock buyback tax in situations in which it was not intended to apply, more guidance will be necessary for taxpayers to analyze the potential application of these exceptions and whether they will be able to rely upon them. Any redemption or other repurchase that occurs after December 31, 2022, in connection with a Business Combination, extension a vote by stockholders to extend the period of time to complete the Business Combination (the extension vote or otherwise, may be subject to the excise tax. Whether and to what extent the Company would be subject to the excise tax in connection with a Business Combination, extension vote or otherwise would depend on a number of factors, including (I) the fair market value of the redemptions and repurchases in connection with the Business Combination, extension or otherwise, (ii) the structure of a Business Combination, (iii) the nature and amount of any PIPE or other equity issuances in connection with a Business Combination (or otherwise issued not in connection with a Business Combination but issued within the same taxable year of a Business Combination) and (iv) the content of regulations and other guidance from the Treasury. In addition, because the excise tax would be payable by the Company and not by the redeeming holder, the mechanics of any required payment of the excise tax have not been determined. The foregoing could cause a reduction in the cash available on hand to complete a Business Combination and in the Company s ability to complete a Business Combination. 
 F-14 

Table of Contents NEWBURY STREET ACQUISITION CORPORATION NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 NOTE 2 SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued) Income Taxes (Continued) Units at a price of per Unit. Each Unit consists of share of the Company s common stock, par value and one -half of one redeemable warrant (the Public Warrants ). Each whole Public Warrant offered in the Offering is exercisable to purchase share of the Company s common stock at an exercise price of per share. On March 30, 2021, the underwriters exercised the over-allotment option in part and purchased an additional Units, generating gross proceeds of million. In connection with the Initial Public Offering, the Company granted the underwriters an option to purchase shares of the Company s common stock at the Initial Public Offering price, or per share, for commencing on October 25, 2021 (grant date). Since this option extended beyond the closing of the Initial Public Offering, this option feature represented a call option that was accounted for under ASC 480, Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity. Accordingly, the call option has been separately accounted for at a fair value with the change in fair value between the grant date and March 30, 2021 and expiration amount recorded as other income. The Company used the Black-Scholes valuation model to determine the fair value of the call option at the grant date and again at March 30, 2021 (refer to Note 10 for fair value information). 
 F-15 

Table of Contents NEWBURY STREET ACQUISITION CORPORATION NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 Private Units generating gross proceeds of million in aggregate in a private placement. Each private unit consists of share of the Company s common stock, par value and one -half of one redeemable warrant (the Private Warrants ). Each whole Private Warrant will entitle the holder to purchase share of common stock at a price of per full share, subject to adjustment (See Note 8). As a result of the underwriters election to partially exercise their over-allotment option on March 30, 2021, the Sponsor and the underwriters and its designees purchased an additional Private Units, at a purchase price of per Private Unit. If the Company does not complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period, the proceeds from the sale of the Private Warrants will be used to fund the redemption of the Public Shares (subject to the requirements of applicable law). to cover certain offering costs of the Company in consideration for shares of common stock (the Founder Shares ). On March 22, 2021, the Sponsor returned to the Company for no consideration, an aggregate of Founder Shares. All shares and associated amounts have been retroactively restated to reflect the share surrender (See Note 7). Furthermore, shares of common stock Representative Shares were issued to the underwriters and their designees Representative ), in addition to the number of Founder Shares issued to the initial stockholders. On March 22, 2021, Founder Shares were returned by the Representative to the Company, for consideration, resulting in an aggregate of Founder Shares outstanding and held by the underwriters and their designees. All shares and associated amounts have been retroactively restated to reflect the share surrender. On March 30, 2021, as a result of the underwriters election to partially exercise their over-allotment option, an aggregate of Founder Shares has been forfeited. Founder Shares are subject to lock-up until the earlier of (A) after the completion of the Company s initial business combination or (B) the date on which the Company completes a liquidation, merger, stock exchange or other similar transaction after the Company s initial business combination that results in all of the Company s public stockholders having the right to exchange their shares of common stock for cash, securities or other property. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the last sale price of the Company s common stock equals or exceeds per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any trading days within any -trading day period commencing after the Company s initial business combination, the Founder Shares will be released. Promissory Note Related Party On November 23, 2020, the Sponsor issued an unsecured promissory note to the Company (the Promissory Note ), pursuant to which the Company may borrow up to an aggregate principal amount of million. The Promissory Note is non-interest bearing and was payable on the earlier of June 30, 2021, or the consummation of the Public Offering. The total outstanding balance of approximately million was paid in full on July 30, 2021. 
 F-16 

Table of Contents NEWBURY STREET ACQUISITION CORPORATION NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 million of notes may be converted upon completion of a Business Combination into units at a price of per unit. Such units would be identical to the Private Units. In the event that a Business Combination does not close, the Company may use a portion of proceeds held outside the Trust Account to repay the Working Capital Loans but no proceeds held in the Trust Account would be used to repay the Working Capital Loans. As of December 31, 2022, Working Capital Loans were outstanding. In addition, on May 3, 2022, the Company issued a promissory note for up to approximately million (the Note to the Sponsor, of which million was outstanding under the Note as of December 31, 2022. The Note is non-interest bearing and the Company must make drawdown requests in amounts no less than unless otherwise agreed upon by the parties. The principal balance of the Note is payable on the earlier of (i) the date on which the Company consummates its initial business combination and (ii) the date that the winding up of the Company is effective (such date, the Maturity Date ). The Company, pursuant to the Note, may at any time prior to payment in full of the principal balance of the Note elect to convert all or any portion of the unpaid principal balance of the Note into units (the Conversion Units at a conversion price of per unit. Each Conversion Unit will consist of share of common stock of the Company and one -half of one warrant, each whole warrant exercisable for share of common stock of the Company at a price of per share. Since the unit includes half a warrant the conversion option should be bifurcated and accounted for as a derivative in accordance with ASC 815. However, the exercise price of a unit was greater than a public unit s fair value as of December 31, 2022, and when the Note was drawn on. The Company believes that the likelihood of the Sponsor s exercise of the option to convert the Note to a unit is de minimis. As a result, the Company recorded zero liability related to the conversion option bifurcating the underlying warrant included in the unit. The Conversion Units shall be identical to the Private Units. Additionally, the Note entitles the Sponsor to two demand registrations and unlimited piggyback registration rights for the Conversion Units (including underlying securities), which rights are the same as the registration rights provided under the registration rights agreement. Related Party Payable At the closing of the Public Offering, the Trust Account held an excess of approximately million, that was refunded to the Sponsor on March 26, 2021. As of December 31, 2022, an amount of was payable to the Sponsor, in connection with the filing of a tax return. 
 F-17 

Table of Contents NEWBURY STREET ACQUISITION CORPORATION NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 million per month from the effective date of the registration statement for the Public Offering (the Registration Statement ), for office space, utilities and secretarial and administrative support. Services will terminate upon the earlier of the consummation by the Company of a business combination or the liquidation of the Company. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company paid million for these services, of which such amount is included in the operating costs on the accompanying statements of operations. For the period from January 15, 2021 (commencement of operations) through December 31, 2021, the Company incurred million for these services, of which such amount is included in the formation and operating costs on the accompanying statements of operations. demands that the Company register such securities. The holders of a majority of the Representative Shares, Private Units and warrants issued in payment of working capital loans made to the Company (or underlying securities) can elect to exercise these registration rights at any time after the Company consummates a Business Combination. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, EarlyBirdCapital may only make a demand on one occasion and only during the period beginning on the effective date of the registration statement of which this prospectus forms a part. In addition, the holders have certain piggy-back registration rights with respect to registration statements filed subsequent to consummation of a Business Combination; provided, however, that EarlyBirdCapital may participate in a piggy-back registration only during the period beginning on the effective date of the registration statement of which this prospectus forms a part. The registration rights agreement does not contain liquidating damages or other cash settlement provisions resulting from delays in registering the Company s securities. The Company will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statements. 
 F-18 

Table of Contents NEWBURY STREET ACQUISITION CORPORATION NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 additional Units to cover over-allotments, if any, at the Public Offering price less the underwriting discounts and commissions. The underwriters were entitled to an underwriting discount of per unit, or million in the aggregate, paid at the closing of the Public Offering. On March 30, 2021, the underwriters partially exercised their over-allotment option to purchase an additional Units at per Unit. In connection with the underwriters partial exercise of the over-allotment option on March 30, 2021, the underwriters were paid an additional cash underwriting fee of million. Business Combination Marketing Agreement The Company has engaged EarlyBirdCapital as an advisor in connection with a Business Combination to assist the Company in holding meetings with its stockholders to discuss the potential Business Combination and the target business attributes, introduce the Company to potential investors that are interested in purchasing the Company s securities in connection with a Business Combination, assist the Company in obtaining stockholder approval for the Business Combination and assist the Company with its press releases and public filings in connection with the Business Combination. The Company will pay EarlyBirdCapital a cash fee for such services upon the consummation of a Business Combination in an amount equal to of the gross proceeds of Public Offering (exclusive of any applicable finders fees which might become payable); provided that up to of the fee may be allocated at the Company s sole discretion to other FINRA members that assist the Company in identifying and consummating a Business Combination. Additionally, the Company will pay EarlyBirdCapital a cash fee equal to of the total consideration payable in a Business Combination if EarlyBirdCapital introduces the Company to the target business with which the Company completes a Business Combination; provided that the foregoing fee will not be paid prior to the date that is from the effective date of the Public Offering, unless FINRA determines that such payment would not be deemed underwriters compensation in connection with the Public Offering pursuant to FINRA Rule 5110(c)(3)(B)(ii). 
 F-19 

Table of Contents NEWBURY STREET ACQUISITION CORPORATION NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 shares of preferred stock with a par value of per share with such designations, voting and other rights and preferences as may be determined from time to time by the Company s board of directors. At December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, there were shares of preferred stock issued or outstanding. Common Stock The Company is authorized to issue shares of common stock with a par value of per share. On January 15, 2021, the Company issued shares of common stock to the Sponsor and the underwriters and its designees. On March 22, 2021, the Sponsor and the underwriters effected a surrender of and shares of common stock to the Company, for no consideration. This resulted in a decrease in the total number of shares of common stock outstanding from to . All shares and associated amounts have been retroactively restated to reflect the share surrender. On March 30, 2021, as a result of the underwriters election to partially exercise the over-allotment option, an aggregate of Founder Shares has been forfeited. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, there were shares of common stock issued and outstanding, excluding shares of common stock that are subject to possible redemption at the option of the holders which accordingly are classified as temporary equity in the accompanying balance sheets. Public Warrants The Public Warrants will become exercisable at any time commencing after the completion of a Business Combination. No warrants will be exercisable for cash unless the Company has an effective and current registration statement covering the shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants and a current prospectus relating to such shares of common stock. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if a registration statement covering the shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the Public Warrants is not effective within a specified period following the consummation of a Business Combination, warrant holders may, until such time as there is an effective registration statement and during any period when the Company shall have failed to maintain an effective registration statement, exercise warrants on a cashless basis pursuant to the exemption provided by Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act, provided that such exemption is available. If that exemption, or another exemption, is not available, holders will not be able to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis. The Public Warrants will expire after the completion of a Business Combination or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. The Company may redeem the Public Warrants (excluding the Private Warrants and any warrants underlying units issued upon conversion of the Working Capital Loans): in whole and not in part; at a price of per warrant; at any time after the warrants become exercisable; upon not less than prior written notice of redemption to each warrant holder; if, and only if, the reported last sale price of the shares of common stock equals or exceeds per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations and recapitalizations), for any trading days within a - trading day period commencing at any time after the warrants become exercisable and ending on the third business day prior to the notice of redemption to warrant holders; and if, and only if, there is a current registration statement in effect with respect to the shares of common stock underlying the warrants. 
 
 F-20 

Table of Contents NEWBURY STREET ACQUISITION CORPORATION NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 per common stock (with such issue price or effective issue price to be determined in good faith by the Company s board of directors and, in the case of any such issuance to the Sponsor or its affiliates, without taking into account any Founder Shares held by the Sponsor or such affiliates, as applicable, prior to such issuance), (y) the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent more than of the total equity proceeds, and interest thereon, available for the funding of a Business Combination on the date of the consummation of a Business Combination (net of redemptions), and (z) the volume weighted average trading price of its common stock during the trading day period starting on the trading day prior to the day on which the Company consummates its Business Combination (such price, the Market Value is below per share, the exercise price of the warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to of the greater of (i) Market Value or (ii) the price at which the Company issue the additional shares of common stock or equity-linked securities. Representative Shares If that exemption, or another exemption, is not available, holders will not be able to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis. The Public Warrants will expire after the completion of a Business Combination or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. In January 2021, the Company issued to EarlyBirdCapital and its designees, Representative Shares. On March 22, 2021, Representative Shares were returned by EarlyBirdCapital and its designees to the Company, for consideration. This resulted in a decrease in the total number of Representative Shares outstanding from to . The Company accounted for the Representative Shares as an offering cost of the Public Offering, with a corresponding credit to stockholders equity. The Company estimated the fair value of Representative Shares to be based upon the price of the Founder Shares issued to the Sponsor. The holders of the Representative Shares have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any such shares until the completion of a Business Combination. In addition, the holders have agreed (i) to waive their redemption rights with respect to such shares in connection with the completion of a Business Combination and (ii) to waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to such shares if the Company fails to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period. 
 F-21 

Table of Contents NEWBURY STREET ACQUISITION CORPORATION NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 immediately following the effective date of the registration statement related to the Public Offering pursuant to Rule 5110(g)(1) of FINRA s NASD Conduct Rules. Pursuant to FINRA Rule 5110(g)(1), these securities were not sold during the Public Offering, or sold, transferred, assigned, pledged, or hypothecated, or be the subject of any hedging, short sale, derivative, put or call transaction that would result in the economic disposition of the securities by any person for a period of immediately following the effective date of the Public Offering, except to any underwriter and selected dealer participating in the Public Offering and their bona fide officers or partners, provided that all securities so transferred remain subject to the lockup restriction above for the remainder of the time period. based on activities through December 31, 2022, primarily as a result of investment income, partially offset by net operating losses. The effective tax rate of as of December 31, 2022 differs from the statutory tax rate of mainly due to permanent non-deductible GAAP expenses, state income taxes and change in the valuation allowance. The following table presents the current and deferred income tax provision for federal income taxes: State Deferred tax provision: Federal ) ) State ) Change in Valuation Allowance Total provision for income taxes: 
 F-22 

Table of Contents NEWBURY STREET ACQUISITION CORPORATION NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 NOTE 9 INCOME TAX (Continued) Significant components of the Company s net deferred tax asset or liability at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 are as follows: Startup costs Total gross deferred tax assets Valuation allowance ) ) Net deferred tax assets Deferred tax liabilities Total deferred tax liabilities Total ) State income tax, net of federal tax ) Change in fair value of derivatives ) ) Change in state rate ) Change in valuation allowance ) ) Warrants transaction costs ) Provision for income taxes ) As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the Company has and , respectively, of U.S. federal net operating loss carryover which can be carried forward indefinitely. In assessing the realization of the deferred tax assets, management considers whether it is more likely than not that some portion of all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. The ultimate realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon the generation of future taxable income during the periods in which temporary differences representing net future deductible amounts become deductible. Management considers the scheduled reversal of deferred tax liabilities, projected future taxable income and tax planning strategies in making this assessment. After consideration of all of the information available, management believes that significant uncertainty exists with respect to future realization of the deferred tax assets and has therefore established a full valuation allowance. For the periods ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the change in the valuation allowance was and , respectively. The Company files income tax returns in the U.S. federal jurisdiction and Massachusetts. The Company is subject to examination by US federal and Massachusetts tax authorities for tax years 2021 through 2022 
 F-23 

Table of Contents NEWBURY STREET ACQUISITION CORPORATION NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 , presented as change in fair value of derivative warrant liabilities in the accompanying statements of operations and for the period from January 15, 2021 (Commencement of Operations) through December 31, 2021, the Company recognized a gain resulting from a decrease in the fair value of liabilities of , presented as change in fair value of derivative warrant liabilities in the accompanying statements of operations. Liabilities: Derivative warrant liabilities - Private 
 F-24 

Table of Contents NEWBURY STREET ACQUISITION CORPORATION NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 Liabilities: Derivative warrant liabilities - Private As of December 31, 2021, there was of cash that was held in the Trust Account. 
 F-25 

Table of Contents NEWBURY STREET ACQUISITION CORPORATION NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 . The following table provides quantitative information regarding Level 3 fair value measurements inputs as their measurement dates: Stock price Volatility Probability of completing a Business Combination Term (in years) Risk-free rate The change in the fair value of the derivative warrant liabilities for the year ended December 31, 2022, is summarized as follows: Change in fair value of derivative warrant liabilities ) Derivative warrant liabilities at December 31, 2022 
 F-26 

Table of Contents NEWBURY STREET ACQUISITION CORPORATION NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 shares of common stock of the Company properly exercised their right to redeem their shares for cash at a redemption price of approximately per share, for an aggregate redemption amount of approximately . As a result, approximately will be removed from the Company s Trust Account to pay such holders. Following redemptions, the Company has shares of common stock outstanding. Additionally, in connection with the approval of the Extension Proposal, the Sponsor or its designees have agreed to contribute to the Company as a note (i) the lesser of (a) an aggregate of or (b) for each public share on a monthly basis that is not redeemed in connection with the Extension Amendment for the portion of the Extension ending on June 23, 2023 (the Initial Contribution plus, (ii) an aggregate of per month (commencing on June 23, 2023 and on the 23rd day of each subsequent month) until the charter extension date (each, an Extension Period ), or portion thereof, that is needed to complete an initial business combination (such loans, together with the Initial Contribution, the Contribution ), which amount will be deposited into the Trust Account. Accordingly, the amount deposited per share depends on the number of public shares that remain outstanding after the redemption and the length of the extension period that will be needed to complete an initial business combination. On March 15, 2023, the Company amended and restated the Note (the Amended Note in its entirety to (1) increase the principal amount thereunder from million to million and (2) remove the right of the holder of the Amended Note to convert all or any portion of the unpaid principal balance of the note into the Company s units and related registration rights for such units (including underlying securities). The Amended Note is non-interest bearing and is payable on the earlier of (i) the date on which the Company consummates its initial business combination or (ii) the date that the winding up of the Company is effective. On March 22, 2023, the Company amended and restated the Note (the Second Amended Note to increase the principal amount of up to million to up to million to the Sponsor, pursuant to which the Sponsor agreed to loan to the Company up to such amount. On March 23, 2023, the Company filed an amendment to its Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware to extend the date by which the Company has to consummate a business combination to from March 25, 2023 to September 25, 2023. On March 24, 2023, the Company deposited the Initial Contribution and will deposit an aggregate of per month during each Extension Period, or portion thereof, that is needed to complete an initial business combination, which amount will be deposited into the Trust Account. 
 F-27 

Table of Contents 
 EXHIBIT INDEX Exhibit No. Description 1.1 Underwriting Agreement, dated March 22, 2021, by and between the Company and EBC, as representative of the several underwriters. (3) 1.2 Form of Business Combination Marketing Agreement. (2) 2.1+ Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of December 12, 2022, by and among the Company, Infinite Reality, Infinite Reality Holdings, Inc., Infinity Purchaser Merger Sub Inc., and Infinity NBIR Company Merger Sub Inc. (5) 3.1 Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation. (3) 3.2 Bylaws. (1) 3.3 Certificate of Amendment to the Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Newbury Street Acquisition Corporation, dated March 22, 2023. (6) 4.1 Warrant Agreement dated March 22, 2021, by and between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as warrant agent. (3) 4.2 Specimen Unit Certificate. (2) 4.3 Specimen Common Stock Certificate. (2) 4.4 Specimen Warrant Certificate. (2) 4.5 Description of Registered Securities. (4) 10.1 Letter Agreement dated March 22, 2021, by and among the Company, its officers, its directors and the sponsor. (3) 10.2 Investment Management Trust Agreement dated March 22, 2021, by and between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as trustee. (3) 10.3 Registration Rights Agreement dated March 22, 2021, by and between the Company, the sponsor and EBC. (3) 10.4 Administrative Support Agreement dated March 22, 2021, by and between the Company and the sponsor. (3) 10.5.1 Private Placement Units Purchase Agreement dated March 22, 2021, by and between the Company and the sponsor. (3) 10.5.2 Private Placement Units Purchase Agreement dated March 22, 2021, by and between the Company and EBC. (3) 10.6 Stock Escrow Agreement dated March 22, 2021, by and between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company. (3) 10.7 Business Combination Marketing Agreement dated March 22, 2021, by and between the Company and EBC. (3) 10.8 Promissory Note dated November 23, 2020, issued to the sponsor. (1) 10.9 Founder Securities Subscription Agreement between the Registrant and Newbury Street Acquisition Sponsor LLC. (1) 10.10 Form of Indemnification Agreement. (2) 10.11 Form of Voting Agreement (5) 10.12 Form of Sponsor Letter Agreement. (5) 10.13 Form of Lock-Up Agreement. (5) 10.14 Form of Contingent Value Rights Agreement (5) 10.15 Amended and Restated Promissory Note dated March 22, 2023, issued to the sponsor. (6) 14 Code of Ethics. (2) 31.1 Certification of the Principal Executive Officer required by Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a). 31.2 Certification of the Principal Financial Officer required by Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a). 32.1 Certification of the Principal Executive Officer required by Rule 13a-14(b) or Rule 15d-14(b) and 18 U.S.C. 1350 32.2 Certification of the Principal Financial Officer required by Rule 13a-14(b) or Rule 15d-14(b) and 18 U.S.C. 1350 99.1 Audit Committee Charter. (2) 99.2 Compensation Committee Charter. (2) 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Calculation Linkbase 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Label Linkbase 101.PRE Inline XBRL Definition Linkbase Document 101.DEF Inline XBRL Definition Linkbase Document 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 

 + Certain exhibits and schedules to this Exhibit have been omitted in accordance with Regulation S-K Item 601(b)(2). The Registrant agrees to furnish supplementally a copy of all omitted exhibits and schedules to the Securities and Exchange Commission upon its request. 
 48 

Table of Contents 
 Filed herewith. Furnished herewith. (1) Incorporated herein by reference to the applicable exhibit to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1, filed with the SEC on February 1, 2021. (2) Incorporated herein by reference to the applicable exhibit to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1/A, filed with the SEC on March 15, 2021. (3) Incorporated herein by reference to the applicable exhibit to the Company s Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on March 26, 2021. (4) Incorporated herein by reference to the applicable exhibit to the Company s Form 10-K, filed with the SEC on March 31, 2022. (5) Incorporated herein by reference to the applicable exhibit to the Company s Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on December 15, 2022. (6) Incorporated herein by reference to the applicable exhibit to the Company s Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on March 27, 2023. 
 
 49 

Table of Contents 
 SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this Report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

March 31, 2023 NEWBURY STREET ACQUISITION CORPORATION By: /s/ Thomas Bushey Name: Thomas Bushey Title: Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this Report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Name Position Date /s/ Thomas Bushey Chief Executive Officer March 31, 2023 Thomas Bushey (Principal Executive Officer) /s/ Kenneth King Chief Financial Officer March 31, 2023 Kenneth King (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) /s/ Matthew Hong Chairman March 31, 2023 Matthew Hong /s/ Jennifer Vescio Director March 31, 2023 Jennifer Vescio /s/ Teddy Zee Director March 31, 2023 Teddy Zee 
 50 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 tmb-20221231xex31d1.htm
 EX-31.1

Exhibit 31.1 CERTIFICATIONS I, Thomas Bushey, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Newbury Street Acquisition Corporation; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors: (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 31, 2023 By: /s/ Thomas Bushey Thomas Bushey Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 tmb-20221231xex31d2.htm
 EX-31.2

Exhibit 31.2 CERTIFICATIONS I, Kenneth King, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Newbury Street Acquisition Corporation; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 0 

Date: March 31, 2023 By: /s/ Kenneth King Kenneth King Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 tmb-20221231xex32d1.htm
 EX-32.1

Exhibit 32.1 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Newbury Street Acquisition Corporation (the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), I, Thomas Bushey, Chief Executive Officer, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 2. To my knowledge, the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company as of and for the period covered by the Report. 

Date: March 31, 2023 By: /s/ Thomas Bushey Thomas Bushey Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 tmb-20221231xex32d2.htm
 EX-32.2

Exhibit 32.2 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Newbury Street Acquisition Corporation (the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), I, Kenneth King, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 2. To my knowledge, the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company as of and for the period covered by the report. 

Date: March 31, 2023 By: /s/ Kenneth King Kenneth King Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 tmb-20221231.xsd
 EX-101.SCH

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 tmb-20221231_cal.xml
 EX-101.CAL

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 tmb-20221231_def.xml
 EX-101.DEF

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 tmb-20221231_lab.xml
 EX-101.LAB

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 tmb-20221231_pre.xml
 EX-101.PRE

</EX-101.PRE>

