<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230329_10-K_edgar_data_1534120_0001628280-23-009630.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>10616600</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>501236</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2754886</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2944476</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2340468</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1909046</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001628280-23-009630.hdr.sgml : 20230329
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230329073445
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001628280-23-009630
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		85
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230329
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230329

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Avalo Therapeutics, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001534120
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		IRS NUMBER:				450705648
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-37590
		FILM NUMBER:		23771777

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		540 GAITHER ROAD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 400
		CITY:			ROCKVILLE
		STATE:			MD
		ZIP:			20850
		BUSINESS PHONE:		410-522-8707

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		540 GAITHER ROAD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 400
		CITY:			ROCKVILLE
		STATE:			MD
		ZIP:			20850

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Cerecor Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20111102

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001628280-23-009630.txt : 20230329

10-K
 1
 avtx-20221231.htm
 10-K

avtx-20221231 
 
 Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 FORM 
 (Mark One) 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2022 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For the transition period from ______to______ 
 Commission File No. 
 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 
 (State or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation or organization) 
 
 (I.R.S. Employer 
 Identification No.) 
 
 , 
 , 
 (Address of principal executive offices) 
 Telephone: ) 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered Nasdaq Capital Market 
 Securities registered pursuant to section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and 
 (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer 
 Smaller reporting company 
 Emerging growth company 
 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b 2 of the Act). Yes No 
 
 The aggregate market value of the registrant s shares of common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant as of June 30, 2022 (which is the last business day of the registrant's most recently completed second fiscal quarter) based upon the closing market price of such stock on the Nasdaq Capital Market on that date was approximately million. Shares of common stock held by each officer and directors and by each person 
 known to be the registrant who owned 10 or more of the outstanding common stock have been excluded in that such person may be deemed to be affiliates. This determination of affiliate status is not necessarily a conclusive determination for other purposes. 
 
 As of March 24, 2023, there were outstanding shares of the registrant s common stock, par value 0.001 per share. 

Table of Contents 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 Page PART I 
 ii 
 Item 1. Business 
 1 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 13 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 48 
 Item 2. Properties 
 48 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 48 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 48 
 PART II 
 49 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 49 
 Item 6. Reserved 
 50 
 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 51 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 59 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 59 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 59 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 59 
 Item 9B. Other Information 
 60 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspection 
 60 
 PART III 
 61 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 61 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 64 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 73 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 76 
 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 79 
 PART IV 
 80 
 Item 15. Exhibits; Financial Statement Schedules 
 80 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 87 

i 

Table of Contents 

SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 
 This report and the information incorporated herein by reference contain forward-looking statements that involve a number of risks and uncertainties, as well as assumptions that, if they never materialize or prove incorrect, could cause our results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Although our forward-looking statements reflect the good faith judgment of our management, these statements can only be based on facts and factors currently known by us. Consequently, forward-looking statements are inherently subject to risks and uncertainties, and actual results and outcomes may differ materially from results and outcomes discussed in the forward-looking statements. 
 
 Forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking words such as projects, may, might, will, could, would, should, continue, seeks, aims, predicts, believes, expects, anticipates, estimates, intends, plans, potential, pro forma or other similar words (including their use in the negative), or by discussions of future matters such as: the future financial and operational outlook; the development of product candidates; and other statements that are not historical. These statements include but are not limited to statements under the captions Business, Risk Factors and Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations as well as other sections in this report. You should be aware that the occurrence of any of the events discussed under the caption Risk Factors and elsewhere in this report could substantially harm our business, results of operations and financial condition and cause our results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by our forward-looking statements. If any of these events occurs, the trading price of our common stock could decline and you could lose all or a part of the value of your shares of our common stock. 
 
 The cautionary statements made in this report are intended to be applicable to all related forward-looking statements wherever they may appear in this report. We urge you not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date of this report. Except as required by law, we assume no obligation to update or revise these forward-looking statements for any reason, even if new information becomes available in the future. 
 
 As used in this report, the terms Avalo, Company, we, us, and our mean Avalo Therapeutics, Inc. and its subsidiaries unless the context indicates otherwise. 

ii 

Table of Contents 

SUMMARY OF PRINCIPAL RISK FACTORS 
 
 This summary briefly states the principal risks and uncertainties facing our business that could affect our common stock, which are only a select portion of those risks. A more complete statement of those risks and uncertainties is set forth under Part I, Item 1A Risk Factors of this annual report. This summary is qualified in its entirety by that more complete statement. You should carefully read the entire Risk Factors section when considering the risks and uncertainties as part of your evaluation of our business and your investment in our company. 
 
 We will need substantial additional capital for the continued development of our product candidates, including the development of our lead product candidate AVTX-002 for the treatment of non-eosinophilic asthma, and for our long-term operations, which might not be available to us on acceptable terms, or at all. Failure to obtain any necessary capital will force us to delay, limit or terminate our product development efforts or cease our operations. 
 
 We have incurred significant net losses in most periods since our inception and we expect to continue to incur net losses in the future. Our recurring operating losses and negative cash flows from operations have raised substantial doubt regarding our ability to continue as a going concern. 
 
 Servicing our debt requires a significant amount of cash, and we might not have or be able to obtain sufficient cash to pay our substantial debt. 
 
 Under our loan agreement (the Loan Agreement with Horizon Technology Finance Corporation and Powerscourt Investments XXV, LP (the Lenders ), the Lenders have broad discretion as to what qualifies as a Material Adverse Change (as defined in the Loan Agreement) that could cause the loan amounts due to be accelerated, thus exposing us to illiquidity. The limitations under our Loan Agreement may also restrict our operations or produce other adverse results. 
 
 If clinical trials of our product candidates fail to demonstrate safety and efficacy to the satisfaction of regulatory authorities or do not otherwise produce positive results, including reaching favorable results in our Phase 2 PEAK Trial of AVTX-002, we may incur additional costs or experience delays in completing, or ultimately be unable to complete, the development and commercialization of our product candidates. 
 
 Our product candidates that we intend to commercialize are in early stages of development. If we do not successfully complete preclinical testing and clinical development of our product candidates or experience significant delays in doing so, our business may be materially harmed. 
 
 Even if we complete the necessary clinical trials, we cannot predict when or if we will obtain marketing approval to commercialize a product candidate or the approval may be for a narrower indication than we expect. 
 
 We may expend our limited resources to pursue a particular product candidate or indication and fail to capitalize on product candidates or indications that may be more profitable or for which there is a greater likelihood of success. 
 
 The marketing approval processes of the United States Food and Drug Administration (the FDA and comparable foreign regulatory authorities are lengthy, time consuming, costly and inherently unpredictable. Our inability to obtain regulatory approval for our product candidates would substantially harm our business. 
 
 We might not be successful in our efforts to develop and commercialize our product candidates. 
 
 Even if we were to obtain approval for our product candidates with the Rare Pediatric Disease Designation, the Rare Pediatric Disease Priority Review Voucher Program may no longer be in effect at the time of such approval or we might not be able to capture the value of the Rare Pediatric Disease Priority Review Voucher Program. 
 
 We rely on third parties to conduct, supervise and monitor our clinical trials. The failure of these third parties to successfully carry out their contractual duties or meet expected deadlines could substantially harm our business because we might not obtain marketing approval for or commercialize our product candidates in a timely manner or at all. 
 
 We use third parties to manufacture all of our product candidates. This may increase the risk that we will not have sufficient quantities of our product candidates to conduct our clinical trials or for commercial production or whether we can acquire such quantities at an acceptable cost, which could result in the delay, prevention, or impairment of clinical development and commercialization of our product candidates. 
 
 iii 

Table of Contents 

If we are unable to obtain or maintain intellectual property rights to our product candidates, or if the scope of patent protection is not sufficiently broad, competitors could develop and commercialize products similar or identical to ours, and we might not be able to compete effectively in that market. 
 
 If we breach the license and development agreements related to our product candidates, we could lose the ability to develop and commercialize our product candidates. 
 
 If we fail to attract and keep management and other key personnel, as well as members of our board of directors, we may be unable to develop our product candidates or otherwise implement our business plan. 
 
 The market price of our stock is volatile, and you could lose all or part of your investment. 
 
 Armistice Capital Master Fund Ltd. (an affiliate of Armistice Capital, LLC and collectively Armistice is our largest stockholder and has significant influence over us, and its interests may be different from or conflict with those of our other stockholders. 
 iv 

Table of Contents 

PART I 
 
 Item 1. Business. 
 
 Overview 
 
 Avalo Therapeutics, Inc. (the Company , Avalo or we is a clinical stage biotechnology company focused on the treatment of immune dysregulation by developing therapies that target the LIGHT-signaling network. 
 
 LIGHT L ymphotoxin-like, exhibits I nducible expression, and competes with HSV G lycoprotein D for H erpesvirus Entry Mediator HVEM ), a receptor expressed by T lymphocytes; also referred to as TNFSF14) is an immunoregulatory cytokine. LIGHT and its signaling receptors, HVEM (TNFRSF14), and lymphotoxin receptor (TNFRSF3), form an immune regulatory network with two co-receptors of herpesvirus entry mediator, checkpoint inhibitor B and T Lymphocyte Attenuator BTLA ), and CD160 (collectively, the LIGHT-signaling network or the LIGHT network ). Accumulating evidence points to the dysregulation of the LIGHT-signaling network as a disease-driving mechanism in autoimmune and inflammatory reactions in barrier organs. Therefore, we believe reducing LIGHT levels can moderate immune dysregulation in many acute and chronic inflammatory disorders. 
 
 Avalo was incorporated in Delaware and commenced operation in 2011, and completed its initial public offering in October 2015. 
 
 Our Strategy 
 
 Our strategy for increasing stockholder value includes: 
 
 Advancing our pipeline of compounds through development and to regulatory approval; 
 Developing the go-to-market strategy to quickly and effectively market, launch, and distribute each of our compounds that receive regulatory approval; 
 Opportunistically out-licensing rights to indications or geographies; and 
 Acquiring or licensing rights to targeted, complementary differentiated preclinical and clinical stage compounds. 
 
 Pipeline Overview, Competition and Intellectual Property 
 
 The following chart summarizes key information about our pipeline and is followed by further detail for each program, including an overview, competition, licenses (if applicable), and market, data, and patent exclusivity/intellectual property: 

1 

Table of Contents 

Core Programs: Immune Dysregulation Disorders 
 
 AVTX-002: Anti-LIGHT monoclonal antibody for treatment of Non-Eosinophilic Asthma. 
 
 Overview: AVTX-002 is a fully human mAb, directed against human LIGHT. There is increasing evidence that the dysregulation of the LIGHT-signaling network which includes LIGHT, its receptor HVEM and LT R and the downstream checkpoint BTLA, is a disease-driving mechanism in autoimmune and inflammatory reactions in barrier organs. Therefore, Avalo believes reducing LIGHT levels can moderate immune dysregulation in many acute and chronic inflammatory disorders. 
 
 Avalo is currently developing AVTX-002 for the treatment of non-eosinophilic asthma NEA ). Our Phase 2 PEAK Trial (A Phase 2, Randomized, Double-Blind, Placebo-Controlled, Parallel Group Study to Evaluate the Safety and Efficacy of AVTX-002 for the treatment of P oorly Controlled Non- E osinophilic A sthma K is fully enrolled and we expect to release topline data in the second quarter of 2023. 
 
 AVTX-002 previously demonstrated proof-of-concept in COVID-19 acute respiratory distress syndrome ARDS including reduction in mortality and respiratory failure. AVTX-002 also showed clinically meaningful mucosal healing in a Phase 1b study in Crohn s Disease. Avalo will assess the next stage of development for these indications, as well as potentially other acute and inflammatory disorders, upon or close to the data readout of the PEAK Trial in NEA. 
 
 About Non-Eosinophilic Asthma: Asthma is a chronic disease of the lungs characterized by airway inflammation causing swelling and excess mucous production. Approximately 25 million people in the United States suffer from asthma. Asthma is classified as eosinophilic or non-eosinophilic, with approximately 50 of severe asthma cases related to NEA. NEA is characterized by airway inflammation with the absence of eosinophils. NEA is associated with environmental and/or host factors such as smoking cigarettes, pollution, infections and obesity. Patients present with respiratory symptoms such as wheezing, shortness of breath, cough and chest tightness. Many patients respond suboptimally to standard asthma treatments, especially to inhaled corticosteroids, which can lead to a higher severity of disease and more difficult-to-control asthma. 
 
 Competition: To our knowledge, AVTX-002 is one of two anti-LIGHT mAb in clinical development in the United States. As of the date of this report, there are no FDA approved therapies specifically for NEA; however, Tezspire (thymic stromal lymphopoietin blocker) was approved in December 2021 for the add-on maintenance treatment of severe asthma in a broad population with no phenotype of biomarker limitations. 
 
 License: On March 25, 2021, the Company entered into a license agreement with Kyowa Kirin Co., Ltd. KKC for exclusive worldwide rights to develop, manufacture and commercialize AVTX-002 for all indications (the KKC License Agreement ). The KKC License Agreement replaced the Amended and Restated Clinical Development and Option Agreement between the Company and KKC dated May 28, 2020. 
 
 Under the KKC License Agreement, the Company paid KKC an upfront license fee of 10 million. Avalo is also required to pay KKC up to an aggregate of 112.5 million based on the achievement of specified development and regulatory milestones. Upon commercialization, the Company is required to pay KKC sales-based milestones aggregating up to 75 million tied to the achievement of annual net sales targets. 
 
 Additionally, the Company is required to pay KKC royalties during a country-by-country royalty term equal to a mid-teen percentage of annual net sales. The Company is required to pay KKC a double-digit percentage (less than 30 of the payments that the Company receives from sublicensing of its rights under the KKC License Agreement, subject to certain exclusions. Avalo is responsible for the development and commercialization of AVTX-002 in all indications worldwide (other than the option in the KKC License Agreement that, upon exercise by KKC, allows KKC to develop, manufacture and commercialize AVTX-002 in Japan). In addition to the KKC License Agreement, Avalo is subject to additional royalties upon commercialization of up to an amount of less than 10 of net sales. 
 
 Market, Data, and Patent Exclusivity: Patents exclusively licensed from KKC may provide exclusivity in the United States through 2028 absent any extension, and additional patent applications filed by us covering certain methods of using AVTX-002, if issued and properly maintained, should provide additional exclusivity through 2043, absent any extension. Additionally, if we receive marketing approval, we expect to receive biologics data exclusivity in the United States, which would provide twelve years of data exclusivity in the United States from the date of FDA approval. 
 
 AVTX-008: Fully human B and T Lymphocyte Attenuator (BTLA) agonist fusion protein. 
 
 Overview: AVTX-008 is a fully human BTLA agonist fusion protein. 
 
 2 

Table of Contents 

Avalo has identified a lead molecule and is currently evaluating several immune dysregulation disorders to pursue. Avalo has initiated activities for the preparation of an investigational new drug application IND ), with a target IND submission date in 2024. 
 
 Competition: To our knowledge, the treatment of autoimmune diseases with BTLA agonists include LY3361237 (Eli Lilly and Company), MB272 (Gilead Sciences, Inc.), ANB032 (AnaptysBio, Inc.) and HFB200604 AID (HiFiBiO Therapeutics). 
 
 License: On June 21, 2021, the Company entered into an Exclusive Patent License Agreement with Sanford Burnham Prebys Medical Discovery Institute (the Sanford Burnham Prebys License Agreement or the SBP License Agreement under which Avalo obtained an exclusive license to a portfolio of issued patents and patent applications covering AVTX-008. 
 
 Under the Sanford Burnham Prebys License Agreement, Avalo paid a mid-six digit upfront license fee and pays mid-five digit annual maintenance fees. Avalo is also required to pay Sanford Burnham Prebys up to approximately 24 million based on the achievement of specified development and regulatory milestones. Upon commercialization, the Company is required to pay Sanford Burnham Prebys sales-based milestones aggregating up to 50 million tied to the achievement of annual net sales targets. Additionally, the Company is required to pay Sanford Burnham Prebys royalties during a country-by-country royalty term equal to a low-to-mid single digit percentage of annual net sales. Avalo is also required to pay Sanford Burnham Prebys a tiered low-double digit percentage of payments that Avalo receives from sublicensing of its rights under the Sanford Burnham Prebys License Agreement, subject to certain exclusions. Avalo is responsible for the development and commercialization of the program. 
 
 Market, Data, and Patent Exclusivity: Patents exclusively licensed from Sanford Burnham Prebys Medical Discover Institute may provide exclusivity in the United States through 2036 absent any extension. Additionally, if we receive marketing approval, we expect to receive biologics data exclusivity in the United States, which may provide twelve years of data exclusivity in the United States from the date of FDA approval. 
 
 Other 
 
 AVTX-803: Monosaccharide therapy for treatment of Leukocyte Adhesion Deficiency Type II. 
 
 Overview: AVTX-803 is a fucose replacement for leukocyte adhesion deficiency type II LAD II , also known as SLC35C1-CDG). LAD II is a congenital disorder of glycosylation CDG ). Oral administration of AVTX-803 replenishes critical metabolic intermediates that are reduced or absent due to genetic mutations, overcoming single enzyme defects in respective CDGs to support glycoprotein synthesis, maintenance and function. 
 
 The pivotal LADDER Trial (A Phase 3, Randomized, Double-Blind, Two-Period, Crossover, Withdrawal Study to Assess the Efficacy and Safety of AVTX-803 in Subjects with L eukocyte Ad hesion D eficiency Type II (LADD) ER )) is currently ongoing. 
 
 About LAD II: LAD II is an ultra-rare, inherited CDG, previously known as CDG-IIc and is also referred to as SLC35C1-CDG. The disease is autosomal recessive and is characterized by reduced or absent fucosylation of certain glycoproteins. Patients with LAD II present with a multi-system phenotype that may include: leukocytosis, neutrophilia, recurrent infections, reduced selectin expression and binding, Bombay blood group, hypotonia, poor feeding, short stature, coarse facial features, global development delay and psychomotor retardation. In some cases, these symptoms lead to death, and in most LAD II patients, the disorder negatively impacts quality of life. 
 
 Designations of AVTX-803 Program: 
 Orphan Drug Designation ODD , the benefit of which, amongst other things, is a seven-year marketing exclusivity (upon approval) in the United States; 
 Rare Pediatric Disease Designation RPDD , which may qualify us to receive a priority review voucher PRV upon FDA approval of each compound. If received, each PRV, which may be sold and transferred an unlimited amount of times, can be used to obtain priority review for a subsequent new drug application NDA or biologics license application BLA and 
 Fast Track Designation FTD , which features actions to expedite the development of drugs that target a serious condition and address an unmet medical need including eligibility for expedited review and rolling review of each NDA or BLA by the FDA. 
 
 Competition: As of the date of this report, there are no FDA approved treatments for the treatment of CDGs (including LAD II), however dietary monosaccharide formulations have been shown to alleviate several of the clinical manifestations in CDG patients. 
 3 

Table of Contents 

AVTX-803 is an ultra pure formulation of L-fucose. This formulation consists of a naturally occurring substance contained in various foods, including dairy products and fruit. 
 
 Intellectual Property: AVTX-803 was granted ODD by the FDA. As a result, at a minimum, following marketing approval, we plan to rely on seven-year marketing exclusivity in the United States. 
 
 Legacy Programs 
 
 Due to our focus on AVTX-002, AVTX-008 and AVTX-803, we are not currently actively pursuing the development of the following programs and are exploring strategic alternatives: 
 
 AVTX-006 : AVTX-006 is a dual mTORc1/c2 small molecule inhibitor for the treatment of complex lymphatic malformations. 
 
 AVTX-801 : AVTX-801 is a D-galactose substrate replacement therapy for the treatment of phosphoglucomutase 1 PGM1 deficiency, also known as PGM1-CDG. 
 
 AVTX-802 : AVTX-802 is a D-mannose substrate replacement therapy for the treatment of Mannose Phosphate Isomerase MPI deficiency, also known as MPI-CDG. 
 
 AVTX-913 : AVTX-913 is a nucleotide prodrug for the treatment of a mitochondrial disorder and is a preclinical asset. 
 
 Intellectual Property Overview 
 
 Our success depends in part on our ability to obtain and maintain proprietary protection for the technology and know-how upon which our products are based, to operate without infringing the proprietary rights of others and to prevent others from infringing our proprietary rights. 
 
 We hold ownership, trademark rights and/or exclusivity to develop and commercialize our products and product candidates covered by patents and patent applications. Our portfolio of patents includes patents or patent applications with claims directed to compositions of matter, including compounds, pharmaceutical formulations, methods of use, methods of manufacturing the compounds, or a combination of these claims. Depending upon the timing, duration and specifics of FDA approval of the use of a compound for a specific indication, some of our U.S. patents may be eligible for a limited patent term extension under the Drug Price Competition and Patent Term Restoration Act of 1984, referred to as the Hatch-Waxman Act. Similar extensions to patent term may be available in other countries for particular patents in our portfolio. 
 
 We plan to augment our portfolio of compounds by focusing on the development (when possible) of new chemical entities NCEs or biologics, which have not previously received FDA approval. Upon approval by the FDA, NCEs are entitled to market and data exclusivity in the United States with respect to generic drug competition for a period of five years from the date of FDA approval, even if the related patents have expired. Similarly, upon approval by the FDA, biologics are entitled to reference product exclusivity for a period of twelve years from the date of FDA approval, even if the related patents have expired. 
 
 Intellectual property for specific pipeline assets, if applicable, are discussed above within the Pipeline Assets section. 
 
 Competition Overview 
 
 We face, and will continue to face, intense competition from pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies, as well as numerous academic and research institutions and governmental agencies, both in the United States and abroad. We compete, or will compete, with existing and new products being developed by our competitors. Some of these competitors are pursuing the development of pharmaceuticals that target the same diseases and conditions that our research and development programs target or might target. Some of these competitors also have greater resources and more experience than we do in regulatory development and marketing. 
 
 Competition for specific pipeline assets are discussed above within the Pipeline Assets section. 
 
 Manufacturing 
 
 4 

Table of Contents 

We do not have any manufacturing facilities or personnel. We rely on contract manufacturing organizations to produce our drug candidates in accordance with applicable provisions of the FDA s current good manufacturing practices cGMP regulations for use in our clinical studies. The manufacture of pharmaceuticals is subject to extensive cGMP regulations, which impose various procedural and documentation requirements and govern all areas of record keeping, production processes and controls, personnel and quality control. 
 
 Sales and Marketing 
 
 For our clinical stage pipeline assets, we may retain or partner in the United States with third parties on the commercialization rights and develop sales and marketing capabilities when needed. If we develop our own United States sales force we may complement it with co promotion agreements with partners in and outside the United States. We may also seek to commercialize any of our approved products outside of the United States and may do so either through an expansion of our sales force or through collaboration with third parties. 
 
 Overall Competitive Climate and Risks 
 
 Other competitors may have a variety of drugs in development or may be awaiting FDA approval that could reach the market and become established before we have an approved product to sell. Our competitors may also develop alternative therapies that could limit the market for any approved drugs that we may develop. Many of our competitors are using technologies or methods different or similar to ours to identify and validate drug targets and to discover novel small compound drugs. Many of our competitors and their collaborators may have significantly greater experience than we do in the following: 
 
 identifying and validating targets; 
 screening compounds against targets; 
 preclinical and clinical trials of potential pharmaceutical products; and 
 obtaining FDA and other regulatory clearances. 
 
 In addition, many of our competitors and their collaborators have substantially greater advantages in the following areas: 
 
 capital resources; 
 research and development resources; 
 manufacturing capabilities; and 
 sales and marketing resources. 
 
 Smaller companies might also prove to be significant competitors, particularly through proprietary research discoveries and collaborative arrangements with large pharmaceutical and established biotechnology companies. 
 
 Many of our competitors have products that have been approved or are in advanced development. We face competition from other companies, academic institutions, governmental agencies and other public and private research organizations for collaborative arrangements with pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies, in recruiting and retaining highly qualified scientific and management personnel and for licenses to additional technologies. Our competitors, either alone or with their collaborators, may succeed in developing technologies or drugs that are more effective, safer, and more affordable or more easily administered than ours and may achieve patent protection or commercialize drugs sooner than us. Developments by others may render our product candidates or our technologies obsolete. Our failure to compete effectively could have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 
 Government Regulation and Product Approval 
 
 Government authorities in the United States, at the federal, state and local level, and in other countries extensively regulate, among other things, the research, development, testing, manufacture, packaging, storage, recordkeeping, labeling, advertising, promotion, distribution, marketing, import and export, pricing, and government contracting related to pharmaceutical products such as those we sell and are developing. 
 
 United States Government Regulation 
 
 In the United States, the FDA regulates drugs under the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act FDCA and its implementing regulations. The process of obtaining marketing approvals and the subsequent compliance with appropriate federal, state, local and foreign statutes and regulations requires the expenditure of substantial time and financial resources. Failure to comply with the applicable United States requirements at any time during the product development process, approval process or after 
 5 

Table of Contents 

approval, may subject an applicant to a variety of administrative or judicial sanctions, or other actions, such as the FDA s delay in review of or refusal to approve a pending NDA or BLA, withdrawal of an approval, imposition of a clinical hold or study termination, issuance of Warning Letters or Untitled Letters, mandated modifications to promotional materials or issuance of corrective information, requests for product recalls, consent decrees, corporate integrity agreements, deferred prosecution agreements, product seizures or detentions, refusal to allow product import or export, total or partial suspension of or restriction of or imposition of other requirements relating to production or distribution, injunctions, fines, debarment from government contracts and refusal of future orders under existing contracts, exclusion from participation in federal and state healthcare programs, FDA debarment, restitution, disgorgement or civil or criminal penalties, including fines and imprisonment. 
 
 FDA Marketing Approval 
 
 Obtaining FDA marketing approval for new products may take many years and require the expenditure of substantial financial resources. In order for the FDA to determine that a product is safe and effective for the proposed indication, the product must first undergo testing in animals (nonclinical studies). The data generated from nonclinical studies is used to support the filing of an IND under which human studies are conducted. Human testing is generally conducted under an IND in three phases following Good Clinical Practices GCP regulations: 
 
 Phase 1 studies evaluate the safety and tolerability of the drug, generally in normal, healthy volunteers; 
 Phase 2 studies evaluate safety and efficacy, as well as appropriate doses; these studies are typically conducted in patient volunteers who suffer from the particular disease condition that the drug is designed to treat; and 
 Phase 3 studies evaluate safety and efficacy of the product at specific doses in one or more larger pivotal trials. 
 
 In addition to human testing, the manufacturing process of the potential product must be developed in accordance with cGMP regulations. Prior to the approval of a new product, the FDA will inspect the facilities at which the proposed drug product is manufactured to ensure cGMP compliance. 
 
 The cumulative safety and efficacy data generated from the clinical trials described above, chemistry, manufacturing and control CMC information, nonclinical study data and proposed labeling are used as the basis to support approval of a marketing application (NDA or BLA) to the FDA. The preparation of an NDA or BLA requires the expenditure of substantial funds and the commitment of substantial resources. Additionally, at the time of an NDA or BLA submission a user fee is required (unless the product has ODD) to be paid. The FDA conducts a preliminary administrative review upon receipt of the NDA or BLA submission, the FDA either accepts the NDA or BLA submission or does not. If the application is not accepted for review by FDA, the Sponsor of the application must resolve the deficiencies and re-submit the application, re-starting the review clock. 
 
 After evaluating the NDA or BLA and all related information, including the advisory committee recommendation, if any, and inspection reports regarding the manufacturing facilities and clinical trial sites, the FDA may issue an approval letter, or, in some cases, a complete response letter CRL ). A CRL generally contains a statement of specific conditions that must be met in order to secure final approval of the NDA or BLA and may require additional clinical or preclinical studies, or other information, in order for FDA approval. Even with submission of this additional information, the FDA may decide that the NDA or BLA does not satisfy the regulatory criteria for approval. If and when those conditions have been met to the FDA s satisfaction, the FDA may issue an approval letter. An approval letter authorizes commercial marketing of the drug with specific prescribing information for specific indications. 
 
 The development and approval of new drugs requires substantial time, effort and financial resources. Data obtained from the development program are not always conclusive and may be susceptible to varying interpretations. These instances may delay, limit or prevent regulatory approval. The FDA may not grant approval on a timely basis, or at all. We may encounter difficulties or unanticipated costs in our efforts to secure necessary governmental approvals, which could delay or preclude us from marketing our products. The FDA may limit the indications for use or place other conditions on any approvals that could restrict the commercial application of the product. 
 
 FDA Post Approval Considerations 
 
 Drugs manufactured or distributed pursuant to FDA approvals are subject to continuing regulation by the FDA, including, among other things, requirements relating to recordkeeping, manufacturing, periodic reporting, product sampling and distribution, advertising and promotion, and reporting of adverse experiences with the product and drug shortages. During the approval process, the FDA and the sponsor may agree that specific studies or clinical trials should be conducted as post- 
 6 

Table of Contents 

marketing commitments, but they are not required. The FDA may also impose post-marketing requirements as a condition of approval of an NDA or BLA. For example, the FDA may require post-marketing testing, including Phase 4 clinical trials and surveillance, to further assess and monitor the product s safety and effectiveness after commercialization. Once an approval is granted, the FDA may withdraw the approval if compliance with regulatory requirements and standards is not maintained or if problems occur after the product becomes available in the market. 
 
 After approval, most changes to the approved product, such as manufacturing changes and adding new indications or other labeling claims, are subject to FDA review and approval. There are also annual user fee requirements for any marketed product and new application fees for supplemental applications with clinical data. Additionally, the FDA strictly regulates the labeling, advertising and promotion of products under an approved NDA or BLA. The FDA and other agencies actively enforce the laws and regulations prohibiting the promotion of off label uses, and a company that is found to have improperly marketed or promoted off label uses may be subject to significant liability, including criminal and civil penalties under the FDCA and False Claims Act, exclusion from participation in federal healthcare programs, debarment from government contracts, refusal of future orders under existing contracts and mandatory compliance programs under corporate integrity agreements or deferred prosecution agreements. 
 
 Other Regulations of the Healthcare Industry 
 
 In addition to FDA regulations governing the marketing of pharmaceutical products, there are various other state and federal laws that may restrict business practices in the biopharmaceutical industry. These include the following: 
 
 The federal Anti-Kickback laws and implementing regulations, which prohibit persons from knowingly and willfully soliciting, offering, receiving or providing remuneration, directly or indirectly, in cash or in kind, to induce either the referral of an individual, or furnishing or arranging for a good or service, for which payment may be made under federal healthcare programs such as the Medicare and Medicaid programs; 
 Other Medicare laws, regulations, rules, manual provisions and policies that prescribe the requirements for coverage and payment for services performed by our customers, including the amount of such payment; 
 The federal False Claims Act, which imposes civil and criminal liability on individuals and entities who submit, or cause to be submitted, false or fraudulent claims for payment to the government; 
 The Foreign Corrupt Practices Act FCPA ), which prohibits certain payments made to foreign government officials; 
 State and foreign law equivalents of the foregoing and state laws regarding pharmaceutical company marketing compliance, reporting and disclosure obligations; 
 The Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act of 2010, as amended by the Health Care and Education Affordability Reconciliation Act of 2010 (collectively, the Affordable Care Act or ACA ), which among other things: changes access to healthcare products and services; creates new fees for the pharmaceutical and medical device industries; changes rebates and prices for health care products and services; and requires additional reporting and disclosure; 
 The Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996, as amended by the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act of 2009, and its implementing regulations (collectively, HIPAA ), which creates federal criminal laws that prohibit executing a scheme to defraud any healthcare benefit program and which also imposes certain obligations on entities with respect to the privacy, security and transmission of individually identifiable health information; and 
 The federal Physician Payment Sunshine Act, which requires certain pharmaceutical and biological manufacturers to engage in extensive tracking of payments or transfers of value to physicians and teaching hospitals and public reporting of the payment data. 
 
 If our operations are found to be in violation of any of these laws, regulations, rules or policies or any other law or governmental regulation, or if interpretations of the foregoing change, we may be subject to civil and criminal penalties, damages, fines, exclusion from the Medicare and Medicaid programs and the curtailment or restructuring of our operations. 
 
 To the extent that any of our products are sold in a foreign country, we may be subject to similar foreign laws and regulations, which may include, for instance, applicable post marketing requirements, including safety surveillance, anti fraud and abuse laws, and implementation of corporate compliance programs and reporting of payments or transfers of value to healthcare professionals. This is currently not applicable as our only approved product is not currently sold in a foreign country. 
 
 Coverage and Reimbursement 
 
 7 

Table of Contents 

The commercial success of our product candidates and our ability to commercialize any approved product candidates successfully will depend in part on the extent to which governmental authorities, private health insurers and other third party payers provide coverage for and establish adequate reimbursement levels for our therapeutic product candidates. In the United States, the European Union and other potentially significant markets for our product candidates, government authorities and third party payers are increasingly imposing additional requirements and restrictions on coverage, attempting to limit reimbursement levels or regulate the price of drugs and other medical products and services, particularly for new and innovative products and therapies, which often has resulted in average selling prices lower than they would otherwise be. For example, in the United States, federal and state governments reimburse covered prescription drugs at varying rates generally below average wholesale price. Federal programs also impose price controls through mandatory ceiling prices on purchases by federal agencies and federally funded hospitals and clinics and mandatory rebates on retail pharmacy prescriptions paid by Medicaid and Tricare. These restrictions and limitations influence the purchase of healthcare services and products. Legislative proposals to reform healthcare or reduce costs under government programs may result in lower reimbursement for our products and product candidates or exclusion of our products and product candidates from coverage. Moreover, the Medicare and Medicaid programs increasingly are used as models for how private payers and other governmental payers develop their coverage and reimbursement policies. 
 
 In addition, the increased emphasis on managed healthcare in the United States and on country and regional pricing and reimbursement controls in the European Union will put additional pressure on product pricing, reimbursement and utilization, which may adversely affect our future product sales and results of operations. These pressures can arise from rules and practices of managed care groups, competition within therapeutic classes, availability of generic equivalents, judicial decisions and governmental laws and regulations related to Medicare, Medicaid and healthcare reform, coverage and reimbursement policies and pricing in general. The cost containment measures that healthcare payers and providers are instituting and any healthcare reform implemented in the future could significantly reduce our revenues from the sale of any approved products. We cannot provide any assurances that we will be able to obtain and maintain third party coverage or adequate reimbursement for our approved products in whole or in part. 
 
 Healthcare Reform 
 
 The United States and many foreign jurisdictions have enacted or proposed legislative and regulatory changes affecting the healthcare system. The United States government, state legislatures and foreign governments also have shown significant interest in implementing cost-containment programs to limit the growth of government-paid healthcare costs, including price controls, restrictions on reimbursement and requirements for substitution of generic products for branded prescription drugs. 
 
 In recent years, Congress has considered reductions in Medicare reimbursement levels for drugs administered by physicians. Further, the Center for Medicare Medicaid Services CMS ), the agency that administers the Medicare and Medicaid programs, also has authority to revise reimbursement rates and to implement coverage restrictions for some drugs. Cost reduction initiatives and changes in coverage implemented through legislation or regulation could decrease utilization of and reimbursement for any approved products. While Medicare regulations apply only to drug benefits for Medicare beneficiaries, private payers often follow Medicare coverage policy and payment limitations in setting their own reimbursement rates. Therefore, any reduction in reimbursement that results from federal legislation or regulation may result in a similar reduction in payments from private payers. 
 
 The ACA substantially changed the way healthcare is financed by both governmental and private insurers, and significantly impacts the pharmaceutical industry. The ACA was intended to broaden access to health insurance, reduce or constrain the growth of healthcare spending, enhance remedies against healthcare fraud and abuse, add new transparency requirements for healthcare and health insurance industries, impose new taxes and fees on pharmaceutical and medical device manufacturers, and impose additional health policy reforms. Since its passage, there have been significant ongoing efforts to modify or eliminate the ACA. 
 
 The Trump administration pushed for modifications to the ACA. In addition, the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (the TCJA ), enacted on December 22, 2017, repealed the shared responsibility payment for individuals who fail to maintain minimum essential coverage under section 5000A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the IRC ), as amended, commonly referred to as the individual mandate. While the Biden administration has rolled back many of the executive orders issued by former President Trump and has stated that it intends to build on the ACA and to expand coverage thereunder, ongoing repeal and reform efforts impacting the ACA and the healthcare sector more broadly are likely. 
 
 Other legislative changes have been proposed and adopted since passage of the ACA. These have, among other things, reduced Medicare payments to several types of providers, including hospitals, imaging centers and cancer treatment centers, and increased the statute of limitations period for the government to recover overpayments to providers. 
 8 

Table of Contents 

Further legislative and regulatory changes under the ACA remain possible. The Biden administration has signaled that it plans to build on the ACA and expand the number of people who are eligible for subsidies under it. The Inflation Reduction Act of 2022, enacted on August 16, 2022, includes several provision to lower prescription drug costs for Medicare patients and reduce drug spending by the federal government. It is unknown what form any future changes or any law would take, and how or whether it may affect our business in the future. We expect that changes or additions to the ACA, the Medicare and Medicaid programs, changes allowing the federal government to directly negotiate drug prices and changes stemming from other healthcare reform measures, especially with regard to healthcare access, financing or other legislation in individual states, could have a material adverse effect on the healthcare industry. In addition, the Affordable Care Act has also been subject to challenges in the courts, which remain ongoing. 
 
 Payment methodologies may be subject to changes in healthcare legislation and regulatory initiatives as well. In addition, at the state level, legislatures have passed and may pass legislation and implemented regulations designed to control pharmaceutical product pricing, including price or patient reimbursement constraints, discounts, restrictions on certain product access and marketing cost disclosure and transparency measures, and, in some cases, designed to encourage importation from other countries and bulk purchasing. 
 
 We expect that additional federal, state and foreign healthcare reform measures will be adopted in the future, any of which could limit the amounts that federal and state governments will pay for healthcare products and services, which could result in limited coverage and reimbursement and reduced demand for our products, once approved, or additional pricing pressures. 
 
 Exclusivity and Approval of Competing Products 
 
 Hatch Waxman Patent Exclusivity 
 
 In seeking approval for a drug through an NDA, applicants are required to list with the FDA each patent with claims that cover the applicant s product or a method of using the product. Upon approval of a NDA, each of the patents listed in the application for the drug is then published in the FDA s Approved Drug Products with Therapeutic Equivalence Evaluations, commonly known as the Orange Book. Drugs listed in the Orange Book can, in turn, be cited by potential competitors in support of approval of an abbreviated new drug application ANDA or 505(b)(2) NDA. Generally, an ANDA provides for marketing of a drug product that has the same active ingredients in the same strengths, dosage form and route of administration as the listed drug and has been shown to be bioequivalent through in vitro or in vivo testing or otherwise to the listed drug. ANDA applicants are not required to conduct or submit results of preclinical or clinical tests to prove the safety or effectiveness of their drug product, other than the requirement for bioequivalence testing. Drugs approved in this way are commonly referred to as generic equivalents to the listed drug and can often be substituted by pharmacists under prescriptions written for the reference listed drug. 
 
 The ANDA or 505(b)(2) NDA applicant is required to provide a certification to the FDA in the product application concerning any patents listed for the approved product in the FDA s Orange Book, except for patents covering methods of use for which the applicant is not seeking approval. Specifically, the applicant must certify with respect to each patent that: 
 
 the required patent information has not been filed; 
 the listed patent has expired; 
 the listed patent has not expired, but will expire on a particular date and approval is sought after patent expiration; or 
 the listed patent is invalid, unenforceable, or will not be infringed by the new product. 
 
 Generally, the ANDA or 505(b)(2) NDA cannot be approved until all listed patents have expired, except when the ANDA or 505(b)(2) NDA applicant challenges a listed patent or if the listed patent is a patented method of use for which approval is not being sought. A certification that the proposed product will not infringe the already approved product s listed patents or that such patents are invalid or unenforceable is called a Paragraph IV certification. If the applicant does not challenge the listed patents or does not indicate that it is not seeking approval of a patented method of use, the ANDA or 505(b)(2) NDA application will not be approved until all the listed patents claiming the referenced product have expired. 
 
 If the ANDA or 505(b)(2) NDA applicant has provided a Paragraph IV certification to the FDA, the applicant must also send notice of the Paragraph IV certification to the NDA and patent holders once the application has been accepted for filing by the FDA. The NDA and patent holders may then initiate a patent infringement lawsuit in response to the notice of the Paragraph IV certification. The filing of a patent infringement lawsuit within 45 days after the receipt of notice of the Paragraph IV certification automatically prevents the FDA from approving the ANDA or 505(b)(2) NDA until the earlier of 30 months, 
 9 

Table of Contents 

expiration of the patent, settlement of the lawsuit, a decision in the infringement case that is favorable to the ANDA applicant or other period determined by a court. 
 
 Hatch Waxman Non Patent Exclusivity 
 
 Market and data exclusivity provisions under the FDCA also can delay the submission or the approval of certain applications for competing products. The FDCA provides a five year period of non patent data exclusivity within the United States to the first applicant to gain approval of an NDA for a new chemical entity. A drug is a new chemical entity if the FDA has not previously approved any other new drug containing the same active moiety, which is the molecule or ion responsible for the therapeutic activity of the drug substance. During the exclusivity period, the FDA may not accept for review an ANDA or a 505(b)(2) NDA submitted by another company that contains the previously approved active moiety. However, an ANDA or 505(b)(2) NDA may be submitted after four years if it contains a certification of patent invalidity or non infringement. 
 
 The FDCA also provides three years of marketing exclusivity for an NDA, 505(b)(2) NDA, or supplement to an existing NDA or 505(b)(2) NDA, if new clinical investigations other than bioavailability studies that were conducted or sponsored by the applicant are deemed by the FDA to be essential to the approval of the application or supplement. Three year exclusivity may be awarded for changes to a previously approved drug product, such as new indications, dosages, strengths or dosage forms of an existing drug. This three year exclusivity covers only the conditions of use associated with the new clinical investigations and, as a general matter, does not prohibit the FDA from approving ANDAs or 505(b)(2) NDAs for generic versions of the original, unmodified drug product. Five year and three year exclusivity will not delay the submission or approval of a full NDA; however, an applicant submitting a full NDA would be required to conduct or obtain a right of reference to all of the preclinical studies and adequate and well controlled clinical trials necessary to demonstrate safety and effectiveness. 
 
 Approval of Biosimilars and Biologic Exclusivity 
 
 The Biologics Price Competition and Innovation Act of 2009 BPCIA ), which was enacted as part of the ACA, created an abbreviated approval pathway for biological products that are demonstrated to be biosimilar or interchangeable with an FDA-licensed reference biological product via an approved BLA. Biosimilarity to an approved reference product requires that there be no differences in conditions of use, route of administration, dosage form, and strength, and no clinically meaningful differences between the biological product and the reference product in terms of safety, purity, and potency. Biosimilarity is demonstrated in steps beginning with rigorous analytical studies or fingerprinting , in vitro studies, in vivo animal studies, and generally at least one clinical study, absent a waiver from the Secretary of Health and Human Services. The biosimilarity exercise tests the hypothesis that the investigational product and the reference product are the same. If at any point in the stepwise biosimilarity process a significant difference is observed, then the products are not biosimilar, and the product will have to developed and approved using a traditional NDA or BLA. In order to meet the higher hurdle of interchangeability, a sponsor must demonstrate that the biosimilar product can be expected to produce the same clinical result as the reference product, and for a product that is administered more than once, that the risk of switching between the reference product and biosimilar product is not greater than the risk of maintaining the patient on the reference product. Complexities associated with the larger, and often more complex, structures of biological products, as well as the process by which such products are manufactured, pose significant hurdles to implementation that are still being evaluated by the FDA. 
 
 Upon approval of a BLA, the biologic is listed in the Purple Book along with the date it was licensed; whether the biological product licensed has been determined by the FDA to be biosimilar to or interchangeable with a reference biological product (an already-licensed FDA biological product) and the date of expiration of applicable exclusivity. Under the BPCIA, a reference biologic is granted 12 years of exclusivity from the time of first licensure of the reference product. This 12-year period includes 4 years before the FDA may accept for filing an application for a biologic that references a branded (reference) product. 
 
 Pediatric Exclusivity. 
 
 Pediatric exclusivity is another type of non patent marketing exclusivity in the United States and, if granted, provides for the attachment of an additional six months of marketing protection to the term of any existing regulatory exclusivity, including the non patent exclusivity period described above. This six month exclusivity may be granted if an NDA sponsor submits pediatric data that fairly respond to a written request from the FDA for such data. The data do not need to show the product to be effective in the pediatric population studied; rather, if the clinical trial is deemed to fairly respond to the FDA s request, the additional protection is granted. This is not a patent term extension, but it effectively extends the regulatory period during which the FDA cannot approve an ANDA or 505(b)(2) application owing to regulatory exclusivity or listed patents. 
 
 Orphan Drug Designation and Exclusivity. 
 
 10 

Table of Contents 

The Orphan Drug Act provides incentives for the development of drugs intended to treat rare diseases or conditions, which generally are diseases or conditions affecting less than 200,000 individuals annually in the United States, or affecting more than 200,000 in the United States and for which there is no reasonable expectation that the cost of developing and making the drug available in the United States will be recovered from United States sales. Additionally, sponsors must present a plausible hypothesis for clinical superiority to obtain orphan designation if there is a drug already approved by the FDA that is intended for the same indication and that is considered by the FDA to be the same drug as the already approved drug. Orphan drug designation entitles a party to financial incentives such as opportunities for grant funding towards clinical study costs, tax advantages, and user fee waivers. In addition, if a product receives FDA approval for the indication for which it has orphan designation, the product is generally entitled to orphan drug exclusivity, which means the FDA may not approve any other application to market the same drug for the same indication for a period of seven years, except in limited circumstances, such as a showing of clinical superiority over the product with orphan exclusivity. 
 
 Rare Pediatric Disease Designation 
 
 Under Section 529 to the FDCA, the FDA will award Priority Review Vouchers PRVs to sponsors for rare pediatric disease product applications that meet certain criteria. Under this program, a sponsor who receives approval for a drug or biologic for a rare pediatric disease may qualify for a PRV that can be redeemed to receive a PRV of a subsequent marketing application for a different product. The PRV may be sold or transferred an unlimited number of times. Under the PRV program, any drug that is granted RPDD by September 30, 2024 and receives approval by September 30, 2026 may qualify for a PRV. 
 
 Foreign Regulation 
 
 In order to market any product outside of the United States, we would need to comply with numerous and varying regulatory requirements of other countries regarding drug development, approval and commercialization. The approval process varies from country to country and can involve additional product testing and additional administrative review periods. The time required to obtain approval in other countries might differ from and be longer than that required to obtain FDA approval. Regulatory approval in one country does not ensure regulatory approval in another, but a failure or delay in obtaining regulatory approval in one country may negatively impact the regulatory process in others. The processes for obtaining marketing approvals in foreign countries, along with subsequent compliance with applicable statutes and regulations, require the expenditure of substantial time and financial resources. 
 
 European Union Drug Approval Process 
 
 To obtain a marketing authorization of a drug in the European Union, we may submit marketing authorization applications MAAs either under the so called centralized, decentralized, mutual recognition or national authorization procedures. 
 
 Centralized procedure 
 
 The centralized procedure provides for the grant of a single marketing authorization following a favorable opinion by the European Medicines Agency EMA that is valid in all European Union member states, as well as Iceland, Liechtenstein and Norway. The centralized procedure is compulsory for medicines produced by specified biotechnological processes, products designated as orphan medicinal products, and products with a new active substance indicated for the treatment of specified diseases, such as HIV/AIDS, cancer, diabetes, neurodegenerative disorders or autoimmune diseases and other immune dysfunctions and viral diseases. The centralized procedure is optional for products that represent a significant therapeutic, scientific or technical innovation, or whose authorization would be in the interest of public health. 
 
 National authorization procedures 
 
 There are also three other possible routes to authorize medicinal products in several European Union countries, which are available for investigational medicinal products that fall outside the scope of the centralized procedure. 
 
 National authorization procedure. This procedure involves submitting an MAA to an individual EU country s competent authority for approval. Each EU Member State has its own national authorization procedures. 
 
 Decentralized procedure. Using the decentralized procedure, an applicant may apply for simultaneous authorization in more than one European Union country of medicinal products that have not yet been authorized in any European Union country and that do not fall within the mandatory scope of the centralized procedure. 
 
 11 

Table of Contents 

Mutual recognition procedure. In the mutual recognition procedure, a medicine is first authorized in one European Union Member State, in accordance with the national procedures of that country. Following this, further marketing authorizations can be sought from other European Union countries in a procedure whereby the countries concerned agree to recognize the validity of the original, national marketing authorization. 
 
 In the European Union, new products authorized for marketing (i.e., reference products) qualify for eight years of data exclusivity and an additional two years of market exclusivity upon marketing authorization. The data exclusivity period prevents generic applicants from relying on the preclinical and clinical trial data contained in the dossier of the reference product when applying for a generic marketing authorization in the EU during a period of eight years from the date on which the reference product was first authorized in the EU. The market exclusivity period prevents a successful generic applicant from commercializing its product in the EU until ten years have elapsed from the initial authorization of the reference product in the EU. The ten year market exclusivity period can be extended to a maximum of eleven years if, during the first eight years of those ten years, the marketing authorization holder obtains an authorization for one or more new therapeutic indications which, during the scientific evaluation prior to their authorization, are held to bring a significant clinical benefit in comparison with existing therapies. 
 
 Commercially Marketed Product 
 
 The Company currently has one marketed product, Millipred , an oral prednisolone indicated across a wide variety of inflammatory conditions and indications. Prednisolone is a man-made form of a natural substance (corticosteroid hormone) made by the adrenal gland. It is used to treat conditions such as arthritis, blood disorders, immune system disorders, skin and eye conditions, respiratory disorders, cancer, and severe allergies. Prednisolone decreases an individual's immune response to various diseases to reduce symptoms such as pain, swelling and allergic-type reactions. Millipred is supplied in 5mg tablets. 
 
 Millipred tablets primarily compete in the generic prednisolone market. We believe our primary point of differentiation is that we offer the lowest strength prednisolone in the marketplace allowing healthcare professionals greater flexibility when dosing a glucocorticoid steroid across a variety of pediatric and adult indications. Additionally, Millipred utilizes the proprietary double taste-masking technology to provide a pleasant grape taste with no bitterness, which makes the product easier to administer to children. 
 
 The Company has a license and supply agreement for the Millipred product with a wholly owned subsidiary of Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd. Teva ), which expires on September 30, 2023. 
 
 Employees and Human Capital Management 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had twenty employees, all of whom are full-time. Eleven of our employees were primarily engaged in research and development activities. None of our employees are represented by a labor union or covered by a collective bargaining agreement. We consider our relationship with our employees to be good. 
 
 We believe that our future success largely depends upon our continued ability to attract and retain highly skilled and qualified personnel. We believe that we provide our employees with competitive salaries and bonuses, opportunities for equity ownership, and an employment package that promotes well-being across all aspects of their lives, including health care, retirement planning and paid time off. We value diversity and inclusiveness at all levels. 
 
 Corporate Information 
 
 We were incorporated in Delaware in 2011 and commenced operations in the second quarter of 2011. Our principal executive offices are located at 540 Gaither Road, Suite 400, Rockville, Maryland 20850, and our phone number is (410) 522-8707. Our website address is www.avalotx.com . The information on, or that can be accessed through, our website is not part of this report. 
 
 Available Information 
 
 Our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act ), are available free of charge on our website at www.avalotx.com as soon as reasonably practicable after electronically filing or furnishing such material to the Securities and Exchange Commission. The Securities and Exchange Commission maintains a website www.sec.gov that includes our reports, proxy statements and other information. 
 
 12 

Table of Contents 

Item 1A. Risk Factors. 
 
 You should consider carefully the following information about the risks described below, together with the other information contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and in our other public filings, in evaluating our business. If any of the following risks actually occurs, our business, financial condition, results of operations and future growth prospects would likely be materially and adversely affected. In these circumstances, the market price of our common stock would likely decline. 
 
 Risks Related to Our Financial Position and Capital Needs 
 
 We will need substantial additional capital for the continued development of our product candidates and for our long-term operations. 
 
 We will need to raise capital to continue product development, including the development of our lead product candidate VTX-002 for the treatment of NEA. Our capital requirements depend on many factors, including: 
 
 The rate and level of patient recruitment into clinical trials, particularly those in Phase 2 and Phase 3 stages of development; 
 The level of research and development investment required to develop product candidates; 
 The timing and amount of milestone payments we are required to make under license agreements; 
 The timing and amount of payments under the Loan Agreement; 
 Time and costs involved in obtaining regulatory approvals; 
 Changes in product development plans needed to address any difficulties that may arise in manufacturing, preclinical activities, clinical trials or commercialization; 
 Revenue from sales of Millipred 
 The ability and willingness to enter into new agreements with strategic partners, and the terms of these agreements; 
 The success rate in preclinical and clinical efforts; 
 The costs of future commercialization activities, including product sales, marketing, manufacturing and distribution; 
 Proceeds, if any, from sales of any PRV received; 
 Revenue, if any, received from commercial sales of product candidates, should any of our product candidates receive marketing approval; 
 The effect of competing product and market developments; 
 In-licensing and/or acquisition or other transaction costs (if any) for potential product development candidates; and 
 Costs of filing, prosecuting, defending, and enforcing patent claims and other intellectual property rights. 
 
 We will likely require significant amounts of additional capital in the future, and such capital might not be available on favorable terms when needed, if at all. Furthermore, our ability to raise capital on a timely basis through the issuance and sale of equity securities might be limited by Nasdaq s listing rules on transactions that do not qualify as public offerings (as defined in Nasdaq listing rules), which might require us to obtain stockholder approval prior to the issuance of common stock (or securities convertible into or exercisable for common stock) at a price per share that is less than the "Minimum Price" if the issuance would equal 20 or more of our common stock outstanding before the issuance. As an example, our cash position in the past has caused us to prioritize product candidates for development, out-license certain product candidates and to defer the development of other candidates. 
 
 We might never progress to the point where we have commercially successful product sales or other revenue sufficient to sustain operations. Accordingly, we may seek to raise these funds through public or private equity offerings, debt financings, credit facilities, partnering or other corporate collaborations and licensing arrangements. If adequate funds are not available or are not available on acceptable terms, our ability to fund our operations, take advantage of opportunities, develop products and technologies, and otherwise respond to competitive pressures could be significantly delayed or limited, and we might need to downsize or halt our operations. 
 
 Our recurring operating losses and negative cash flows from operations have raised substantial doubt regarding our ability to continue as a going concern. 
 
 Our recurring operating losses and negative cash flows from operations raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. We have a limited source of revenue to support our present activities, and we do not expect to generate significant product revenues until, and unless, the FDA or other regulatory agencies approve one or more of our product candidates and we successfully commercialize any such product candidates. Accordingly, our ability to continue as a going concern will require us to obtain additional financing to fund our operations. The perception of our inability to continue as a going concern may make it more difficult for us to obtain financing for the continuation of our operations and could result in the loss of confidence by investors, vendors, service providers and employees. 
 
 13 

Table of Contents 

Our current revenue depends on one product, which is not sufficient to provide adequate capital for the continued development of our product candidates and therefore could require us to raise additional financing. 
 
 We currently have rights to only one commercial pharmaceutical product, Millipred . We do not expect Millipred , which we consider a non-core asset, to generate significant revenue and profits, but we currently rely on it for all of our commercial revenue. Our supply and license agreement for Millipred expires on September 30, 2023. Avalo is required to pay fifty percent of the net profit of the Millipred product following each calendar quarter, subject to a 0.5 million quarterly minimum payment. 
 
 Aytu Bioscience, Inc. Aytu managed Millipred commercial operations until August 31, 2021 pursuant to a transition service agreement with us, which included managing the third party logistics provider and providing accounting reporting services. Aytu collected cash on behalf of Avalo for revenue generated by sales of Millipred from the second quarter of 2020 through the third quarter of 2021 and is obligated to transfer the cash generated by such sales. In the third quarter of 2021, Avalo finalized its trade and distribution channel to allow it to control third party distribution and began managing commercial operations at that time. The current transition service agreement allows Aytu to withhold cash of 2,000,000 until September 30, 2022 and 1,000,000 until December 1, 2024. The full amount is due to Avalo on December 1, 2024. Adverse economic conditions or financial difficulties of Aytu could impair its ability to remit such payments or could cause Aytu to delay such payments. If Aytu were unable to meet its obligations, it could consider restructuring under the bankruptcy laws, which might make it difficult for us to collect all or a significant portion of the cash owed to us by Aytu. Our inability to collect the accounts receivable to our revenues generated by Millipred from Aytu could adversely affect our cash flows, financial condition, and results of operations. Furthermore, the transition of control of the commercial operation of Millipred that occurred in the third quarter of 2021 could cause disruptions in Millipred sales or other negative operational issues. As of December 31, 2022, Aytu owed us approximately 1.8 million, 0.8 million of which was due pursuant to the transition services agreement. As of the date of this report, Aytu has paid 0.4 million of the 0.8 million. 
 
 Our operations might not produce significant revenues in the near term, or at all, which might harm our ability to obtain additional financing and might require us to reduce or discontinue our operations. You must consider our business and prospects in light of the risks and difficulties we will encounter as a company operating in a rapidly evolving industry. We might not be able to successfully address these risks and difficulties, which could significantly harm our business, operating results, and financial condition. 
 
 Our ability to increase revenue in the future will depend on developing and commercializing our current clinical pipeline of product candidates. Identifying, developing, obtaining regulatory approval and commercializing product candidates is prone to the risks of failure inherent in clinical development. Developing product candidates is expensive, and we expect to spend substantial amounts as we fund our product development. We cannot provide any assurance that we will be able to successfully advance any product candidate through the development process or successfully commercialize any product candidate, or that any such product candidate will be widely accepted in the marketplace or be more effective than other commercially available alternatives. Any failure to develop or commercialize a product candidate in our current clinical pipeline could require us to raise additional financing. 
 
 We will require additional capital to continue to fund our operations and to finance the further advancement of our product candidates, which might not be available to us on acceptable terms, or at all. Failure to obtain any necessary capital will force us to delay, limit or terminate our product development efforts or cease our operations. 
 
 At December 31, 2022, we had 13.2 million in cash and cash equivalents and 22.1 million in current liabilities. Accordingly, we might not currently have sufficient funds to finance our continuing operations beyond the short term or to further advance any of our product candidates. 
 
 As a research and development company, our operations have consumed substantial amounts of cash since inception. Identifying potential product candidates and conducting preclinical testing and clinical trials is a time consuming, expensive and uncertain process that takes years to complete, and we expect our research and development expenses to increase substantially in connection with our ongoing activities, particularly as we advance our current product candidates through or into clinical trials. Circumstances may cause us to consume capital more rapidly than we currently anticipate. We will need to raise additional funds or otherwise obtain funding through collaborations to complete the development of any of our product candidates, including the development of our lead candidate AVTX-002 for the treatment of NEA. 
 
 Additional fundraising efforts may divert our management from our day to day activities, which may adversely affect our ability to develop and commercialize our product candidates. In addition, we cannot guarantee that future financing will be available in sufficient amounts or on terms acceptable to us, if at all. If we do not raise additional capital when required or on acceptable terms, we may need to: 
 
 Significantly delay, scale back or discontinue the development or commercialization of one or more of our product candidates or cease operations altogether; 
 14 

Table of Contents 

Seek strategic alliances for research and development programs at an earlier stage than we would otherwise desire or on terms less favorable than might otherwise be available; or 
 Relinquish, or license on unfavorable terms, our rights to technologies or any future product candidates that we otherwise would seek to develop or commercialize itself. 
 
 Our future funding requirements, both short and long term, will depend on many factors, including: 
 
 The initiation, progress, timing, costs and results of preclinical and clinical studies for our product candidates and any future Product candidates we may develop; 
 The outcome, timing and cost of seeking and obtaining regulatory approvals from the FDA and other regulatory authorities, including the potential for such authorities to require that we perform more studies than currently expected; 
 The cost to establish, maintain, expand and defend the scope of our intellectual property portfolio, including the amount and timing of any payments we may be required to make, or that we may receive, in connection with licensing, preparing, filing, prosecuting, defending and enforcing any patents or other intellectual property rights; 
 The effect of competing technological and market developments; 
 Market acceptance of any approved product candidates; 
 The cost and timing of selecting, auditing and potentially validating a manufacturing site for commercial scale manufacturing; and 
 The cost of developing our sales, marketing and distribution capabilities to accommodate any of our product candidates for which we receive marketing approval and that we determine to commercialize ourselves or in collaboration with our partners; and 
 The costs of acquiring, licensing or investing in additional businesses, products, product candidates and technologies. 
 
 Under our Loan Agreement, our Lenders have broad discretion as to what qualifies as a Material Adverse Change that could cause the loan amounts due to be accelerated, thus exposing us to illiquidity. The limitations under our Loan Agreement may also restrict our operations or produce other adverse results. 
 
 The Loan Agreement, which we entered into in June 2021, contains a variety of affirmative and negative covenants, including required financial reporting, limitations on certain dispositions of assets, limitations on the incurrence of additional debt and other requirements. The Loan Agreement also gives the Lenders the right to declare an event of default and accelerate the loan amounts due under the Loan Agreement if there has been a material adverse change in our business, including a change which results in a material impairment in our prospect of repayment of any portion of the loan amounts or the value or priority of the Lenders security interest in the collateral. To secure our performance of our obligations under this Loan Agreement, we granted a security interest in substantially all of our assets, other than certain intellectual property assets, to the Lenders. Our failure to comply with the covenants in the Loan Agreement, the occurrence of an adverse change as described above or the occurrence of certain other specified events could result in an event of default that, if not cured or waived, could result in the acceleration of all or a substantial portion of our debt, potential foreclosure on our assets and other adverse results. Additionally, we are bound by certain negative covenants setting forth actions that are not permitted to be taken during the term of the Loan Agreement without consent of the Lenders, including, without limitation, incurring certain additional indebtedness, making certain asset dispositions, entering into certain mergers, acquisitions or other business combination transactions or incurring any non-permitted lien or other encumbrance on our assets. The foregoing prohibitions and constraints on our operations could result in our inability to: (i) acquire promising intellectual property or other assets on desired timelines or terms; (ii) reduce costs by disposing of assets or business segments no longer deemed advantageous to retain; (iii) stimulate further corporate growth or development through the assumption of additional debt; or (iv) enter into other arrangements that necessitate the imposition of a lien on corporate assets. We cannot assure you that our business will be able to generate sufficient cash flow or that future borrowings or other financings will be available to us in an amount sufficient to enable us to pay the principal, premium, if any, and interest on our existing or future indebtedness. 
 
 Servicing our debt requires a significant amount of cash, and we might not have or be able to obtain sufficient cash to pay our substantial debt. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, our remaining aggregate principal payments under our Loan Agreement were 21.2 million. We are required to make our first scheduled principal payment in the amount of 0.6 million in July 2023. Our ability to make this and future scheduled payments on our indebtedness depends on our near term and future performance, which is subject to many factors beyond our control. If we are unable to service our debt, we may be required to adopt one or more alternatives, such as selling assets, restructuring debt or obtaining additional equity capital on terms that may be onerous or highly dilutive. In addition, our ability to refinance our indebtedness will depend on the capital markets and our financial condition at such time. We might not be able to engage in any of these activities or engage in these activities on desirable terms, which could result in a default and acceleration of our debt obligations. 
 15 

Table of Contents 

Our role as a guarantor of certain obligations assigned to Aytu exposes us to risk of loss or illiquidity. 
 
 In connection with the Aytu Divestiture, as defined in the Notes to our Consolidated Financial Statements, we assigned payment obligations TRIS Obligations to Aytu under a supply and distribution agreement (the Karbinal Agreement with TRIS Pharma Inc TRIS ), which includes a per-unit royalty make whole payment for each unit sold under an annual minimum sales commitment through 2025. The total future make-whole payments to be made by Aytu are unknown as the amount owed to TRIS is dependent on the number of units sold. 
 
 As a part of the assignment, we became a guarantor to the TRIS Obligations. If Aytu defaults under the terms of the Karbinal Agreement, we could be liable as a guarantor for unpaid amounts of the TRIS Obligation. Any amount we would be required to pay under the TRIS Obligation would limit the amount of cash available for development of our clinical pipeline and may expose us to significant losses, which would materially and adversely affect our results of operations. 
 
 We have incurred significant net losses in most periods since our inception and we expect to continue to incur net losses in the future. 
 
 Investment in biopharmaceutical product development is highly speculative because it entails substantial upfront capital expenditures and significant risk that any potential product candidate will fail to demonstrate an adequate effect or acceptable safety profile, gain marketing approval and become commercially viable. Historically, we have financed our operations primarily through public and private equity offerings. We incurred a net loss of 41.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2022, we had an accumulated deficit of 303.8 million. Substantially all of our operating losses have resulted from costs incurred in connection with our research and development program and from general and administrative costs associated with our operations. 
 
 We expect to continue to incur losses in the future and we might never achieve profitability on an annual basis. We may also encounter unforeseen expenses, difficulties, complications, delays and other unknown factors that may adversely affect our business. Our future profitability will depend, in part, on the rate of future growth of our expenses and our ability to generate revenues. Our prior losses and expected future losses have had and will continue to have an adverse effect on our stockholders equity and working capital. 
 
 Our ability to use our net operating loss carryforwards and certain other tax attributes may be limited. 
 
 We have a significant amount of gross net operating losses NOLs for federal and state purposes. The NOLs accumulated through the end of 2017 will begin to expire in 2031. Unused NOLs for the current tax year and prior tax years will carry forward to offset future taxable income, if any, until such unused losses expire. Unused NOLs generated after December 31, 2017, will not expire and may be carried forward indefinitely but will be only deductible to the extent of 80 of current year taxable income in any given year. In addition, both the deductibility of current and future unused NOL carryovers may be subject to limitation under Sections 382 and 383 of the IRC. Sections 382 and 383 of the IRC subject the future utilization of NOLs and certain other tax attributes, such as research and experimental tax credits, to an annual limitation in the event of certain ownership changes. In general, an ownership change is defined as a greater than 50 change (by value) in equity ownership over a three-year period). 
 
 Our operating results fluctuate from quarter to quarter and year to year, making future operating results difficult to predict. 
 
 Our quarterly and annual operating results historically have fluctuated and are likely to continue to fluctuate depending on several factors, many of which are beyond our control. Accordingly, our quarterly and annual results are difficult to predict prior to the end of the quarter or year, and we may be unable to confirm or adjust expectations with respect to our operating results for a particular period until that period has closed. In the event we provide cash projections or other guidance, any failure to meet such targets or failure to meet the expectations of analysts could adversely impact the market price of our securities. Therefore, you should not rely upon the results of any quarterly or annual periods as indications of future operating performance. 
 
 The ongoing COVID-19 pandemic previously had an impact on our business operations and clinical trials and could in the future, directly or indirectly, to adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition and our stock price. 
 
 The COVID-19 pandemic caused us to experience some disruptions to clinical operations and manufacturing of drug supply for use in clinical trials, primarily in fiscal 2021. For example, we experienced a slower pace of patient enrollment at many of our clinical trial sites than our initial projections and also experienced manufacturing delays of drug product. We will continue to assess the potential impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our business and operations, including our clinical operations and manufacturing activities. 
 
 16 

Table of Contents 

Although it is not possible at this time to estimate the entirety of the impact that the COVID-19 pandemic may have in the future on our business, operations and employees, our contract manufacturers, our clinical research contractors, and our collaborators in clinical research, any continued spread of COVID-19, measures taken by governments, actions taken to protect employees from this disease, and the broad impact of the pandemic on business activity, economies and financial markets, may materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition and our stock price. 
 
 Risks Related to the Discovery and Development of Our Product Candidates 
 
 If clinical trials of our product candidates fail to demonstrate safety and efficacy to the satisfaction of regulatory authorities or do not otherwise produce positive results, we may incur additional costs or experience delays in completing, or ultimately be unable to complete, the development and commercialization of our product candidates. 
 
 Before obtaining required approvals from regulatory authorities for the sale of future product candidates, we alone, or with a partner, must conduct extensive clinical trials to demonstrate the safety and efficacy of the product candidates in humans. Clinical testing is expensive and difficult to design and implement, can take many years to complete and is uncertain as to outcome. A failure of one or more clinical trials can occur at any stage of testing. The outcome of preclinical studies and early clinical trials might not predict the success of later clinical trials, and interim results of a clinical trial do not necessarily predict final results. A number of companies in the pharmaceutical and biotechnology industries have suffered significant setbacks in advanced clinical trials due to lack of efficacy or unacceptable safety profiles, notwithstanding promising results in earlier trials. Our product candidates will require additional clinical and preclinical development, management of clinical, preclinical and manufacturing activities, regulatory approval in multiple jurisdictions, obtaining manufacturing supply on our own or from a third party, expansion of our commercial organization, and substantial investment and significant marketing efforts before we generate any revenues from sales of any of those product candidates approved for marketing. We do not know whether the clinical trials we or our partners may conduct will demonstrate adequate efficacy and safety data resulting in regulatory approval enabling us to market any of our product candidates in any particular country. If later stage clinical trials do not produce favorable results, including reaching favorable results in our Phase 2 PEAK Trial of AVTX-002, our ability to achieve regulatory approval for any of our product candidates would be adversely impacted, which could cause a sharp decline in our stock price and/or lead to insolvency of the Company. 
 
 Our product candidates that we intend to commercialize are in early stages of development. If we do not successfully complete preclinical testing and clinical development of our product candidates or experience delays in doing so, our business may be materially harmed. 
 
 We have invested a significant portion of our efforts and financial resources in the identification and preclinical and clinical development of product candidates. Our ability to generate significant product revenues will depend on our ability to advance our clinical product candidates towards approval and our preclinical product candidates into clinical development. The outcome of preclinical studies and earlier clinical trials might not predict the success of future clinical trials. Preclinical data and clinical trial data may be susceptible to varying interpretations and analyses, and many product candidates that performed satisfactorily in preclinical studies and early clinical trials have nonetheless failed in later clinical development. Our inability to successfully complete development of any of our product candidates could result in additional costs to us relating to product development and obtaining marketing approval and impair our ability to generate product revenues and commercialization and sales milestone payments and royalties on product sales. 
 
 If we experience delays in clinical testing, we will be delayed in obtaining regulatory approvals and commercializing our product candidates, our costs may increase and our business may be harmed. 
 
 We do not know whether any clinical trials will begin as planned, whether the design will be revised prior to or during conduct of the study, completed on schedule or conducted at all. Our product development costs will increase if we experience delays in clinical testing. Significant clinical trial delays also could shorten any periods during which we may have the exclusive right to commercialize our product candidates or allow our competitors to bring products to market before we do, which would impair our ability to successfully commercialize our product candidates and may harm our business, results of operations and prospects. 
 
 Events which may result in a delay or unsuccessful completion of clinical development include: 
 
 Delays in reaching an agreement with or failure in obtaining authorization from the FDA, other regulatory authorities or institutional review boards IRBs or ethics committees ECs to commence or amend a clinical trial; 
 Delays in reaching agreements with the FDA regarding requisite trial design or endpoints sufficient to establish a clinically meaningful benefit of our product candidates given there might not be well-established development paths and outcomes; 
 Inability to agree with the FDA on operationally viable endpoints or trial design; 
 17 

Table of Contents 

Imposition of a clinical hold or trial termination following an inspection of our clinical trial operations or trial sites by the FDA or other regulatory authorities, or due to concerns about trial design, or a decision by the FDA, other regulatory authorities, IRBs, ECs or us, or recommendation by a data safety monitoring board, to place the trial on hold or otherwise suspend or terminate clinical trials at any time for safety issues or for any other reason; 
 Delays in reaching agreement on acceptable terms with prospective contract research organizations CROs and clinical trial sites; 
 Deviations from the trial protocol by clinical trial sites and investigators, or failing to conduct the trial in accordance with regulatory requirements; 
 Failure of our third parties, such as CROs, to satisfy their contractual duties or meet expected deadlines; 
 Failure to enter into agreements with third parties to obtain the results of clinical trials; 
 Delays in the importation and manufacture of clinical supply; 
 Delays in the testing, validation and delivery of the clinical supply of the product candidates to the clinical sites; 
 For clinical trials in selected subject populations, delays in identification and auditing of central or other laboratories and the transfer and validation of assays or tests to be used to identify selected subjects; 
 Delays due to the world-wide shortage of animal testing subjects, including monkeys; 
 Delays in recruiting suitable subjects to participate in a trial; 
 Delays in having subjects complete participation in a trial or return for post treatment follow up; 
 Delays caused by subjects dropping out of a trial due to side effects or disease progression; 
 Delays in adding new investigators and clinical trial sites; 
 Delays resulting from the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic; 
 Withdrawal of clinical trial sites from our clinical trials as a result of changing standards of care or the ineligibility of a site to participate in our clinical trials; or 
 Changes in government regulations or administrative actions or lack of adequate funding to continue the clinical trials. 
 
 Any inability by us or our partners to complete clinical development in a timely manner could result in additional costs to us relating to product development and obtaining marketing approval and impair our ability to generate product revenues and commercialization and sales milestone payments and royalties on product sales. 
 
 If we are unable to enroll appropriate subjects in clinical trials or retain patients in the clinical trials we perform, we will be unable to complete these trials on a timely basis or at all. 
 
 Identifying and qualifying subjects to participate in clinical trials of our product candidates, and retaining the subjects once qualified, is critical to our success. The timing of our clinical trials depends on the speed at which we can recruit appropriate subjects to participate in testing our product candidates as well as completion of required follow up periods. If subjects are unwilling to participate in our trials, the timeline for recruiting subjects, conducting trials and obtaining marketing approval of potential products may be delayed. 
 
 Difficulty or delays in patient recruitment into our trials could result in increased costs, delays in advancing our product development, delays in testing the effectiveness of our technology or termination of the clinical trials altogether. Many factors affect subject enrollment, including: 
 
 The size and nature of the subject population; 
 The number and location of clinical sites we enroll; 
 The proximity of subjects to clinical sites; 
 Perceived risks and benefits of the product candidate under trial; 
 Competition with other companies for clinical sites or subjects; 
 The eligibility and exclusion criteria for the trial; 
 The design of the clinical trial; 
 Effectiveness of publicity for the clinical trials; 
 Inability to obtain and maintain subject consent; 
 Ability to monitor subjects adequately during and after the administration of the product candidate and the ability of subjects to comply with the clinical trial requirements; 
 Risk that enrolled subjects will drop out or be withdrawn before completion; and 
 Clinicians and subjects perceptions as to the potential advantages of the drug being studied in relation to other available therapies, including any new drugs that may be approved for the indications we are investigating. 
 
 We rely on CROs and clinical trial sites to ensure the proper and timely conduct of our clinical trials, and while we have agreements governing their committed activities, we have limited influence over their actual performance. If we are unable to enroll sufficient 
 18 

Table of Contents 

subjects in our clinical trials, if enrollment is slower than we anticipate, or if our clinical trials require more subjects than we anticipate, our clinical trials may be delayed or might not be completed. If we experience delays in our clinical trials, the commercial prospects of our product candidates will be harmed. In addition, any delays in completing our clinical trials will increase our costs, slow down our product candidate development and approval process and jeopardize our ability to commence product sales and generate revenues. In addition, many of the factors that could cause a delay in the commencement or completion of clinical trials may also ultimately lead to the denial of regulatory approval of any of our product candidates. 
 
 Furthermore, because AVTX-803 is focused on the treatment of patients with LAD II, a rare genetic disease, our ability to enroll eligible patients in the ongoing Phase 3 trial may be limited or slower than we anticipate in light of the small patient population involved and the specific age range required for this study. In addition, our potential competitors, including major pharmaceutical, specialty pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies, academic institutions and governmental agencies and public and private research institutions, may seek to develop competing therapies, which would further limit the small patient pool available for our studies. 
 
 Completion of orphan clinical trials may take considerably more time than other trials, sometimes years, depending on factors such as type, complexity, novelty and intended use of a product candidate. As a result of the uncertainties described above, there can be no assurance that we will meet our established timelines for clinical trials involving rare diseases. 
 
 We may fail to successfully identify, in license, acquire, develop or commercialize potential product candidates. 
 
 The success of our business depends in part upon our ability to identify and validate new therapeutic targets and identify, develop and commercialize therapeutics, which we may develop ourselves, in license or acquire from others. Research programs designed to identify product candidates require substantial technical, financial and human resources, whether or not any product candidates are ultimately identified. Our research efforts may initially show promise in identifying potential therapeutic targets or candidates, yet fail to yield product candidates for clinical development for a number of reasons, including: 
 
 Our methodology, including our screening technology, might not successfully identify medically relevant potential product candidates; 
 Our competitors may develop alternatives that render our product candidates obsolete; 
 We may encounter product manufacturing difficulties that limit yield or produce undesirable characteristics that increase the cost of goods, cause delays or make the product candidates unmarketable; 
 Our product candidates may cause adverse effects in subjects, even after successful initial toxicology studies, which may make the product candidates unmarketable; 
 Other drugs in the same drug class as our products could develop unforeseen adverse effects that could negatively impact development, approval and/or future sales of our product; 
 Our product candidates might not be capable of being produced in commercial quantities at an acceptable cost, or at all; 
 Our product candidates might not demonstrate a meaningful benefit to subjects; 
 Our potential collaboration partners may change their development profiles or plans for potential product candidates or abandon a therapeutic area or the development of a partnered product; and 
 Our reliance on third party clinical trials may cause us to be denied access to clinical results that may be significant to further clinical development. 
 
 Additionally, we may focus our efforts and resources on potential programs or product candidates that ultimately prove to be unsuccessful. If any of these events occur, we may be forced to abandon our development efforts for a program or programs, which would have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results and prospects and could potentially cause us to cease operations. 
 
 Our product candidates may cause undesirable side effects or have other properties that could delay or prevent their marketing approval, limit the commercial profile of an approved label, or result in significant negative consequences following any marketing approval. 
 
 Undesirable side effects caused by our product candidates could cause us or regulatory authorities to issue a clinical hold and could result in a more restrictive label or the delay or denial of marketing approval by the FDA or other regulatory authorities. Results of our trials could reveal a high and unacceptable severity and prevalence of side effects or unexpected characteristics. 
 
 Should our clinical studies of our product candidates reveal undesirable side effects, we could suspend or terminate our trials or the FDA or other regulatory authorities as well as IRBs or ECs could order us to suspend or cease clinical trials. The FDA or comparable regulatory authorities could also deny approval of our product candidates for any or all targeted indications or only for a limited 
 19 

Table of Contents 

indication or patient population or could require label warnings and/or precautions, contraindications, including black box warnings, additional wording regarding adverse reactions, post market studies, testing and surveillance programs or other conditions including distribution restrictions or other risk management mechanisms under a risk evaluation and mitigation strategy REMS ). Drug related side effects could affect subject recruitment or the ability of enrolled subjects to complete the trial or result in potential product liability claims. Any of these occurrences may harm our business, financial condition and prospects significantly. 
 
 Additionally, if one or more of our product candidates receives marketing approval, and we or others (regulatory agencies, consumers, etc.) later identify undesirable side effects caused by such products, a number of potentially significant negative consequences could result, including: 
 
 We may suspend marketing of, or withdraw or recall, such product; 
 Regulatory authorities may withdraw approvals of such product; 
 Regulatory authorities may require additional warnings on the label or other label modifications; 
 Regulatory authorities may issue safety alerts, Dear Healthcare Provider letters, press releases or other communications containing warnings about such product; 
 Regulatory authorities may require the establishment or modification of a REMS or other restrictions on marketing and distribution, or may require the establishment or modification of a similar strategy that may, for instance, require us to issue a medication guide outlining the risks of such side effects for distribution to patients or restrict distribution of our products and impose burdensome implementation requirements on us; 
 Regulatory authorities may require that we conduct post marketing studies; and 
 We could be sued and held liable for harm caused to subjects or patients. 
 
 Any of these events could prevent us from achieving or maintaining market acceptance of the particular product candidate or otherwise materially harm the commercial prospects for the product candidate, if approved, and could significantly harm our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 
 Changes in product candidate manufacturing or formulation may result in additional costs or delay. 
 
 As product candidates are developed through preclinical studies to late stage clinical trials towards regulatory approval and commercialization, it is common that various aspects of the development program, such as manufacturing methods and formulation, are altered in an effort to optimize processes and results. Such changes carry the risk that they will not achieve these intended objectives. Any of these changes could cause our product candidates to perform differently and affect the results of planned clinical trials or other future clinical trials conducted with the optimized materials. Such changes may also require additional testing, FDA or other regulatory authorities notification or approval. 
 
 Similarly, changes in the location of manufacturing or addition of manufacturing facilities may increase our costs and require additional studies and FDA approval. This may require us to ensure that the new facility meets all applicable regulatory requirements, is adequately validated and qualified, and to conduct additional studies of product candidates manufactured at the new location. Any of the above could delay completion of clinical trials, require the conduct of bridging clinical trials or the repetition of one or more clinical trials, increase clinical trial costs, delay regulatory approval of our product candidates and jeopardize our ability to commence product sales and generate revenue. 
 
 Biologic products are highly complex and expensive, and if the third-party manufacturers we contract with are unable to provide quality and timely offerings to our clinical trial sites, our clinical trials might be delayed. 
 
 The process of manufacturing biologics and their components is complex, expensive, highly-regulated and subject to multiple risks. 
 
 Manufacturing biologics is highly susceptible to product loss due to contamination, equipment failure, improper installation or operation of equipment, vendor or operator error, inconsistency in yields, variability in product characteristics and difficulties in scaling the production process. Even minor deviations from normal manufacturing processes could result in reduced production yields, product defects and other supply disruptions. Furthermore, the development of biologic products involves a lengthy and expensive process with an uncertain outcome, which might require us to incur additional unforeseen costs to complete our clinical trials. 
 
 Although we are working with third parties to develop reproducible and commercially viable manufacturing processes for our product candidates, doing so is a difficult and uncertain task, and there are risks associated with scaling to the level required for advanced clinical trials or commercialization, including, among others, cost overruns, potential problems with process scale-out, process reproducibility, stability issues, lot consistency, and timely availability of reagents or raw materials. 
 
 20 

Table of Contents 

We may make changes as we continue to evolve the manufacturing processes for our product candidates for advanced clinical trials and commercialization, and we cannot be sure that even minor changes in these processes will not cause our product candidates to perform differently and affect the results of our ongoing clinical trials, future clinical trials, or the performance of the product once commercialized. In some circumstances, changes in manufacturing operations, including to our protocols, processes, materials or facilities used, may require us to perform additional preclinical or comparability studies, or to collect additional clinical data from patients prior to undertaking additional clinical studies or filing for regulatory approval for a product candidate. These requirements might lead to delays in our clinical development and commercialization plans for our product candidates, and might increase our development costs substantially. 
 
 Even if we were able to commercialize our products focused on rare genetic diseases, product sales of these products might not justify the cost of development. 
 
 Because of the small patient population for a rare genetic disease, if pricing is not approved or accepted in the market at an appropriate level for an approved therapeutic product with orphan drug designation, such drug may not generate enough revenue to offset costs of development, manufacturing, marketing, and commercialization despite any benefits received from the rare orphan drug designation, such as market exclusivity, assistance in clinical trial design, or a reduction in user fees or tax credits related to development expense. Furthermore, our estimates regarding potential market size for any rare genetic indication may be materially different from what we discover to exist at the time we commence commercialization, if any, for a therapeutic product, which could result in significant changes in our business plan and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects. 
 
 We face substantial competition and rapid technological change and the possibility that others may discover, develop or commercialize products before or more successfully than us. 
 
 The biotechnology and pharmaceutical industries are intensely competitive and subject to rapid and significant technological change. We face competition with respect to our current product candidates and will face competition with respect to any future product candidates from major pharmaceutical companies, specialty pharmaceutical companies and biotechnology companies worldwide. Many of our competitors have significantly greater financial, technical and human resources. Smaller and early stage companies may also prove to be significant competitors, particularly through collaborative arrangements with large and established companies. 
 
 Our competitors may obtain marketing approval of their products more rapidly than we may or may obtain patent protection or other intellectual property rights that limit our ability to develop or commercialize our product candidates. Our competitors may also develop drugs that are more effective, more convenient, more widely used and less costly or have a better safety profile and better tolerability than our products and these competitors may also be more successful than us in manufacturing and marketing their products. 
 
 Our competitors will also compete with us in recruiting and retaining qualified scientific, management and commercial personnel, establishing clinical trial sites and subject registration for clinical trials, as well as in acquiring technologies complementary to, or necessary for, our programs. 
 
 There are now and could be future numerous approved therapies for treating the conditions our products seek to address and, consequently, competition in these markets is intense. Many of these approved drugs are or may become well established therapies or products and widely accepted by physicians, patients and third party payors. Some of these drugs are or may become branded and subject to patent protection and non patent regulatory exclusivity, and others are or may become available on a generic basis. 
 
 Insurers and other third party payors may also encourage the use of generic products or specific branded products. We expect that any of our product candidates, if approved, would be priced at a significant premium over competitive generic, including branded generic, products, but, any new product that competes with an approved product must demonstrate compelling advantages in efficacy, convenience, tolerability and safety in order to overcome price competition and to be commercially successful. This may make it difficult for us to differentiate our product from currently approved therapies, which may adversely impact our business strategy. If we are not able to compete effectively against our current and future competitors, our business will not grow, and our financial condition and operations will suffer. 
 
 Our products might not achieve adequate market acceptance among physicians, patients, third party payors and others in the medical community necessary for commercial success. 
 
 Even if our product candidates have or receive marketing approval, they might not gain adequate market acceptance among physicians, patients and others in the medical community. Our commercial success also depends on coverage and adequate reimbursement of our product candidates by third party payors, including government payors, generally, which may be difficult or 
 21 

Table of Contents 

time consuming to obtain, may be limited in scope or might not be obtained in all jurisdictions in which we may seek to market our products. The degree of market acceptance of any of our approved product candidates will depend on a number of factors, including: 
 
 The efficacy and safety profile of our product candidates, including relative to marketed products and product candidates in development by third parties; 
 Prevalence and severity of any side effects of our product candidates; 
 Relative convenience and ease of administration of our product candidates; 
 Cost effectiveness of our product candidates; 
 The claims we may make for our product candidates based on the approved label or any restrictions placed upon our marketing and distribution of our product candidates; 
 The time it takes for our product candidates to complete clinical development and receive marketing approval; 
 How quickly and effectively we alone, or with a partner, can market, launch, and distribute any of our product candidates that receive marketing approval; 
 The ability to commercialize any of our product candidates that receive marketing approval; 
 The price of our products, including in comparison to branded or generic competitors and relative to alternative treatments; 
 Potential or perceived advantages or disadvantages over alternative treatments; 
 The ability to collaborate with others in the development and commercialization of new products; 
 Whether coverage and adequate levels of reimbursement are available under private and governmental health insurance plans, including Medicare; 
 The ability to establish, maintain and protect intellectual property rights related to our product candidates; 
 The entry of generic versions of any of our approved products onto the market; 
 The number of products in the same therapeutic class as our product candidates; 
 The effect of current and future healthcare laws on our drug candidates; 
 The ability to secure favorable managed care formulary positions, including federal healthcare program formularies; 
 The ability to manufacture commercial quantities of any of our product candidates that receive marketing approval; 
 Acceptance of any of our product candidates that receive marketing approval by physicians and other healthcare providers; and 
 Potential post marketing commitments imposed on an approved product by regulatory authorities, such as patient registries. 
 
 If any product candidate is approved but does not achieve an adequate level of acceptance by physicians, hospitals, third party payors and patients, we might not generate or derive sufficient revenue from that product candidate and might not become or remain profitable. 
 
 We may expend our limited resources to pursue a particular product candidate or indication and fail to capitalize on product candidates or indications that may be more profitable or for which there is a greater likelihood of success. 
 
 Given our limited resources, we have prioritized certain product candidates over others at our management s discretion. We have also discontinued development of certain product candidates. We continually evaluate our capital allocation for each product candidate, and, in the future, may de-prioritize or cancel the development of certain product candidates that currently appear in our milestone chart. If the development of our product candidates is unsuccessful or, if successful but the products do not achieve an adequate level of market acceptance, we may no longer have the ability or resources to further develop other product candidates. Our resource allocation decisions may cause us to fail to capitalize on viable commercial products or profitable market opportunities. Our spending on current and future research and development programs and product candidates for specific indications might not yield any commercially viable products. If we do not accurately evaluate the commercial potential or target market for a particular product candidate, we may relinquish valuable rights to that product candidate through collaboration, licensing or other royalty arrangements in cases in which it would have been more advantageous for us to retain sole development and commercialization rights to such product candidate. 
 
 Risks Related to Regulatory Approval of Our Product Candidates 
 
 The marketing approval processes of the FDA and comparable other regulatory authorities are lengthy, time consuming, costly and inherently unpredictable. Our inability to obtain regulatory approval for our product candidates would substantially harm our business. 
 
 The time required to develop and to obtain approval from regulatory authorities to market a new drug is unique to each product. It typically takes many years in nonclinical and clinical development and depends upon numerous factors, guidance from regulatory authorities. In addition, approval policies, regulations or the type and amount of clinical data necessary to gain approval may change during the course of a product candidate s clinical development and may vary among countries. We have not obtained regulatory approval for any product candidate and it is possible that none of our existing product candidates or any future product candidates will 
 22 

Table of Contents 

ever obtain regulatory approval. Moreover, the submission of an NDA or BLA for products that have not been granted ODD requires a payment of a significant application fee under the Prescription Drug User Fee Act upon submission. Any supplemental submission to an NDA or BLA (i.e., for new indications, dosing regimen, etc.) which contained clinical data include an application fee. The filing of an NDA or BLA for our product candidates that do not have ODD may be delayed due to our lack of financial resources to pay such user fee. 
 
 Our product candidates could fail to receive regulatory approval from the FDA or a comparable foreign regulatory authority for many reasons, including: 
 
 The FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities may disagree on the design or conduct of our key Phase 2 and 3 clinical trials, including the methodology used in our trial(s), primary and secondary endpoints, number of patients, statistical analysis plan, or our proposed product indication. For instance, the FDA may find that the designs that we are utilizing in a planned clinical trial does not support an adequate and well controlled study or approval. The FDA also might not agree with the various disease or quality of life scales and other evaluation tools that we may use in a clinical trial to assess the efficacy of a product candidate; 
 The FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities may disagree with our development plans, specifically the number of studies and types of studies planned to support approval for each product and indication; 
 Our failure to demonstrate to the satisfaction of the FDA or comparable regulatory authorities that a product candidate is safe and effective for each proposed indication; 
 Our clinical trials may fail to meet statistical significance required for a positive study; 
 We may fail to demonstrate that a product candidate s benefits outweigh its risks; 
 The FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities may disagree with our interpretation of data from preclinical studies or clinical trials; 
 Data collected from clinical trials of our product candidates may be insufficient to support the submission of a marketing application, other submission or to obtain marketing approval, and the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authority may require additional studies to show product candidate is safe and/or effective; 
 We may fail to obtain approval of the manufacturing processes or facilities of third party manufacturers with whom we contract for clinical and commercial supplies; or 
 There may be changes in the approval policies or regulations that render our preclinical and clinical data insufficient for approval. 
 
 The FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authority may require more information, including additional preclinical or clinical studies to support approval, which may delay or prevent approval and our commercialization plans, or we may decide to abandon the development program. This lengthy approval process, as well as the unpredictability of future clinical trial results, may result in our failing to obtain approval to market our product candidates, which would significantly harm our business, results of operations and prospects. In addition, even if we were to obtain approval, regulatory authorities may approve any or all of our product candidates for fewer or more limited indications than we request, may require that contraindications, warnings or precautions be included in the product labeling, including a black box warning, may grant approval with a requirement of post marketing clinical trials or other post market requirements, or may approve a product candidate with a label that does not include the labeling claims necessary or desirable for the successful commercialization of that product candidate. Any of the foregoing scenarios could materially harm the commercial prospects for our product candidates. 
 
 Even if we complete the necessary clinical trials, we cannot predict when or if we will obtain marketing approval to commercialize a product candidate or the approval may be for a narrower indication than we expect. 
 
 We cannot commercialize a product candidate until the appropriate regulatory authorities have reviewed and approved the product candidate. Even if our product candidates demonstrate safety and efficacy in clinical trials, regulatory agencies might not complete their review processes in a timely manner, or we might not be able to obtain marketing approval. Additional delays may result if the FDA, an FDA Advisory Committee or other regulatory authority recommends non approval or restrictions on approval. In addition, we may experience delays or rejections based upon additional government regulation from future legislation or administrative action, or changes in regulatory agency policy during the period of product development, clinical trials and the review process. Further, regulatory agencies may not approve the labeling claims that are necessary or desirable for the successful commercialization of our product candidates. Regulatory authorities may approve a product candidate for fewer or more limited indications than requested, may impose significant limitations in the form of narrow indications, warnings, including black box warnings, precautions or contra indications with respect to conditions of use, additional adverse reactions information or may grant approval subject to the performance of post marketing clinical trials or other post marketing requirements, including a REMS. Our drugs, if approved, may be required to carry warnings comparable to this and other class wide warnings. Any of the foregoing scenarios could materially harm the commercial prospects for our product candidates. 
 23 

Table of Contents 

Even if we were to obtain approval for our product candidates with the Rare Pediatric Disease Designation, the Rare Pediatric Disease Priority Review Voucher Program may no longer be in effect at the time of such approval or we might not be able to capture the value of the Rare Pediatric Disease Priority Review Voucher Program. 
 
 Rare pediatric disease designation RPDD is granted by the FDA in the case of serious or life threatening diseases affecting fewer than 200,000 people in the United States in which the serious or life threatening manifestations are primarily in individuals 18 years of age and younger. Upon request, the FDA has the authority to grant a Rare Pediatric Disease PRV for drug and biologic applications approved to prevent or treat a rare pediatric disease and deemed eligible for priority review, among other criteria. 
 
 The Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2021 was signed into law on December 27, 2020. As part of this legislation, the FDA Rare Pediatric Disease Designation Program has been extended through 2024, permitting the issuance of PRVs through September 30, 2024 for drugs and biologics receiving FDA approval before September 30, 2026. AVTX-006, AVTX-801, AVTX-802 and AVTX-803 are each potentially eligible for a Rare Pediatric Disease PRV upon FDA approval of each drug, but there is no guarantee that PRVs will be granted. Moreover, any PRV may be sold or transferred an unlimited number of times. Although PRVs may be sold or transferred to third parties, there is no guarantee that we will be able to realize any value if we receive and were to sell a PRV. 
 
 We may pursue government funding for products we are developing, including those we are developing for the treatment of COVID-19 ARDS. If we do not apply for or are unable to obtain such government funding, we might be unable to develop certain product candidates. 
 
 While we have not yet received U.S. government funding, we may apply to receive funding from the U.S. government for products we are developing, including those we are developing for the treatment of COVID-19 ARDS. If applied for and granted, the government funding could be instrumental to certain product developments. However, there can be no assurances that we will apply for such government funding, or that if we do apply, we will receive such government funding. If we do not receive government funding, we might not be able to develop certain products, which could adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Even if our product candidates receive marketing approval, we will still be subject to ongoing regulatory obligations and continued regulatory review, which may result in significant additional expense. Additionally, our product candidates, if approved, could be subject to labeling and other restrictions and market withdrawal and we may be subject to administrative sanctions or penalties if we fail to comply with regulatory requirements or experience unanticipated problems with our products. 
 
 Even if we obtain marketing approval for a product candidate, we would be subject to ongoing requirements by the FDA and other regulatory authorities governing the manufacture, quality control, further development, labeling, packaging, storage, distribution, safety surveillance, import, export, advertising, promotion, recordkeeping and annual reporting of safety and other post market information. The FDA and other regulatory authorities will continue to closely monitor the safety profile of any product even after approval. If the FDA or other regulatory authorities become aware of new safety information after approval of any of our product candidates, they may withdraw approval, require labeling changes or establishment of a REMS or similar strategy, impose significant restrictions on a product s indicated uses or marketing, or impose ongoing requirements for potentially costly post approval studies or post market surveillance. In addition, any marketing approvals that we obtain for our product candidates may be subject to limitations on the approved indicated uses for which the product may be marketed or to the conditions of approval or contain requirements for potentially costly post marketing testing and other requirements, including Phase 4 clinical trials, imposition of a REMS and surveillance to monitor the safety and efficacy of the product candidate. 
 
 In addition, manufacturers of drug products and their facilities, including contracted facilities, are subject to periodic inspections by the FDA and other regulatory authorities for compliance with cGMP regulations and standards. If we or a regulatory agency discover previously unknown problems with the facility where the product is manufactured, we may be subject to reporting obligations and a regulatory agency may impose restrictions on that product, the manufacturing facility, us, or our suppliers, including requesting recalls or withdrawal of the product from the market or suspension of manufacturing. If we, our product candidates, our contractors, the manufacturing facilities for our product candidates or others working on our behalf fail to comply with applicable regulatory requirements, either before or after marketing approval, a regulatory agency may: 
 
 Issue Warning Letters, Untitled Letters, or Form 483s, all of which document compliance issues identified by FDA; 
 Mandate modifications to promotional materials or labeling, or require us to provide corrective information to healthcare practitioners; 
 Require us to enter into a consent decree, which can include imposition of various fines, reimbursements for inspection costs, required due dates for specific actions and penalties for noncompliance; 
 24 

Table of Contents 

Seek an injunction or impose civil or criminal penalties or monetary fines, restitution or disgorgement, as well as imprisonment; 
 Suspend or withdraw marketing approval; 
 Suspend or terminate any ongoing clinical studies; 
 Refuse to approve pending applications or supplements to applications filed by us; 
 Debar us from submitting marketing applications, exclude us from participation in federal healthcare programs, require a corporate integrity agreement or deferred prosecution agreements, debar us from government contracts and refuse future orders under existing contracts; 
 Suspend or impose restrictions on operations, including restrictions on marketing, distribution or manufacturing of the product, or the imposition of costly new manufacturing requirements or use of alternative suppliers; or 
 Seize or detain products, refuse to permit the import or export of products, or request that we initiate a product recall. 
 
 The occurrence of any event or penalty described above may inhibit our ability to continue our development programs, commercialize our products and generate revenue. 
 
 Advertising and promotion of any product candidate that obtains approval in the United States will be heavily scrutinized by the FDA, the Department of Justice, the Department of Health and Human Services Office of Inspector General, state attorneys general, members of Congress and the public. While the FDA does not restrict physicians from prescribing approved drugs for uses outside of the drugs approved labeling, known as off label use, pharmaceutical manufacturers are strictly prohibited from promoting and marketing their products for such uses. Violations, including promotion of products for off label uses, are subject to enforcement letters, inquiries, investigations, civil and criminal sanctions by the government, corporate integrity agreements, deferred prosecution agreements, debarment from government contracts and refusal of future orders under existing contracts, and exclusion from participation in federal healthcare programs. Additionally, other regulatory authorities will heavily scrutinize advertising and promotion of any product candidate that obtains approval outside of the United States. 
 
 In the United States, engaging in the impermissible promotion of our products for off label uses can also subject us to false claims litigation under federal and state statutes, which can lead to civil and criminal penalties and fines, debarment from government contracts and refusal of future orders under existing contracts, deferred prosecution agreements, and corporate integrity agreements with governmental authorities that materially restrict the manner in which a company promotes or distributes drug products. These false claims statutes include the federal civil False Claims Act, which allows any individual to bring a lawsuit against a pharmaceutical company on behalf of the federal government alleging submission of false or fraudulent claims, or causing to present such false or fraudulent claims, for payment by a federal program such as Medicare or Medicaid. If the government decides to intervene and prevails in the lawsuit, the individual will share in any fines or settlement funds. If the government does not intervene, the individual may proceed on his or her own. Since 2004, these False Claims Act lawsuits against pharmaceutical companies have increased significantly in volume and breadth, leading to several substantial civil and criminal settlements, such as settlements regarding certain sales practices promoting off label drug uses involving significant fines. This growth in litigation has increased the risk that a pharmaceutical company will have to defend a false claim action, pay settlement fines or restitution, agree to comply with burdensome reporting and compliance obligations, and be excluded from Medicare, Medicaid and other federal and state healthcare programs. If we do not lawfully promote our approved products, we may become subject to such litigation and, if we do not successfully defend against such actions, those actions may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 
 The FDA s policies may change, and additional government regulations may be enacted that could prevent, limit or delay marketing approval, and the sale and promotion of our product candidates. If we are slow or unable to adapt to changes in existing requirements or the adoption of new requirements or policies, or if we are not able to maintain regulatory compliance, we may lose any marketing approval that we may have obtained, which would adversely affect our business, prospects and ability to achieve or sustain profitability. 
 
 If we are unable to obtain, or are delayed in obtaining, state regulatory licenses for the distribution of our products, we would not be able to sell our product candidates in such states. 
 
 The majority of states require manufacturer and/or wholesaler licenses for the sale and distribution of drugs into that state. The application process is complicated, time consuming, costly and requires dedicated personnel or a third party to oversee and manage. If we are delayed in obtaining these state licenses, or denied the licenses, even with FDA approval, we would not be able to sell or ship product into that state which would adversely affect our sales and revenues. 
 
 We may in the future choose to conduct clinical trials for certain of our product candidates at sites outside the United States, and the FDA might not accept data from trials conducted in such locations. 
 25 

Table of Contents 

Currently all of our clinical trials are conducted in the United States, however in the future, we may in the future choose to conduct one or more of our clinical trials outside the United States. Although the FDA may accept data from clinical trials conducted outside the United States, acceptance of this data is subject to certain conditions imposed by the FDA. Generally, the patient population for any clinical trials conducted outside of the United States must be representative of the population for whom we intend to seek approval in the United States and the data must be applicable to the U.S. population and medical practice in ways that the FDA deems clinically meaningful. In addition, while these clinical trials are subject to the applicable local laws, FDA acceptance of the data will be dependent upon its determination that the trials also complied with all applicable U.S. laws and regulations. There can be no assurance that the FDA will accept data from trials conducted outside of the United States. If the FDA does not accept the data from any of our clinical trials that we determine to conduct outside the United States, it would likely result in the need for additional trials, which would be costly and time consuming and delay or permanently halt our development of the product candidate. Any clinical trials outside of the United States might also be subject to delays and risks surrounding geopolitical events. 
 
 Our failure to obtain regulatory approval in international jurisdictions would prevent us from marketing our product candidates outside the United States, which would limit our market opportunities and adversely affect our business. 
 
 In order to market and sell our products in other jurisdictions, we must be granted approval and comply with numerous and varying regulatory requirements. The approval procedure varies among countries and can involve additional testing. The time required to obtain approval may differ substantially from that required to obtain FDA approval. The regulatory approval process outside the United States generally includes all of the risks associated with obtaining FDA approval. In addition, in many countries outside the United States, we must secure product reimbursement approvals before regulatory authorities will approve the product for sale in that country. Obtaining foreign regulatory approvals and compliance with foreign regulatory requirements could result in significant delays, difficulties and costs for us and could delay or prevent the introduction of our products in certain countries. Further, clinical trials conducted in one country might not be accepted by regulatory authorities in other countries. If we fail to comply with the regulatory requirements in international markets and receive applicable marketing approvals, our target market will be reduced and our ability to realize the full market potential of our product candidates will be harmed and our business will be adversely affected. We might not obtain foreign regulatory approvals on a timely basis, if at all. Approval by the FDA does not ensure approval by regulatory authorities in other countries or jurisdictions. Approval by one regulatory authority outside the United States does not ensure approval by regulatory authorities in other countries or jurisdictions or by the FDA. Also, regulatory approval for any of our product candidates may be withdrawn. The failure to obtain approval in one jurisdiction may negatively impact our ability to obtain approval in another jurisdiction. Our failure to obtain approval of any of our product candidates by regulatory authorities in another country may significantly diminish the commercial prospects of that product candidate and our business prospects could decline. 
 
 Risks Related to the Commercialization of Our Product Candidates 
 
 We might not be successful in our efforts to develop and commercialize our product candidates. 
 
 Our continued development of our product candidates will be dependent on receiving positive data that, in our judgment, merits advancing such programs. Even if we are successful in continuing to build and expand our pipeline, the potential product candidates that we identify might not be suitable for clinical development and commercialization, including as a result of being shown to have harmful side effects or other characteristics that indicate that they are unlikely to be products that will receive marketing approval and achieve market acceptance. Similarly, even if the FDA accepts our INDs, there is no guarantee that we will be successful in our efforts to advance our product candidates. 
 
 Once commercialized, some of our products may face significant competition from non prescription competition and consumer substitution, and our operating results will suffer if we fail to compete effectively. 
 
 We may be subject to non prescription competition and consumer substitution for certain of our non-core pipeline assets. For example, AVTX-803, our rare genetic disease product candidate, is an ultra pure formulation of L-fucose. This formulation is a naturally occurring substance contained in various foods, including dairy products and fruit. If approved by the FDA and commercially available, we cannot be sure physicians will view the pharmaceutical grade purity and tested safety of AVTX-803 as made under cGMP conditions as opposed to the naturally occurring formulations and dietary supplements. In addition, to the extent the net price of AVTX-803, after insurance and offered discounts, is significantly higher than the prices of commercially available formulations marketed by other companies as dietary supplements (through that lack of coverage by insurers or otherwise), physicians and pharmacists may recommend these commercial alternatives instead of writing or filling prescriptions for AVTX-803, or patients may elect on their own to take commercially available supplements. Either of these outcomes may adversely impact our results of operations by limiting how we price our product and limiting the revenue we might receive from the sale of AVTX-803 due to reduced market acceptance. 
 
 26 

Table of Contents 

If we obtain approval to commercialize our product candidates outside of the United States, a variety of risks associated with international operations could materially adversely affect our business. 
 
 If any of our product candidates are approved for commercialization, we may enter into agreements with third parties to market them on a worldwide basis or in more limited geographical regions. We expect that we would be subject to additional risks related to entering into international business relationships, including: 
 
 Different regulatory requirements for approval of drugs in foreign countries; 
 Challenges enforcing our contractual and intellectual property rights, especially in those foreign countries that do not respect and protect intellectual property rights to the same extent as the United States; 
 Foreign reimbursement, pricing and insurance regimes; 
 Unexpected changes in tariffs, trade barriers and regulatory requirements; 
 Economic weakness, including inflation, or political instability in particular foreign economies and markets; 
 Compliance with tax, employment, immigration and labor laws for employees living or traveling abroad; 
 Foreign currency fluctuations, which could result in increased operating expenses and reduced revenues, and other obligations incident to doing business in another country; 
 Foreign taxes; 
 Difficulties staffing and managing foreign operations; 
 Workforce uncertainty in countries where labor unrest is more common than in the United States; 
 Potential liability under the FCPA or comparable foreign regulations; 
 Production shortages resulting from any events affecting raw material supply or manufacturing capabilities abroad; and 
 Business interruptions resulting from geopolitical actions, including war and terrorism, or natural disasters including earthquakes, typhoons, floods and fires. 
 
 These and other risks associated with any future international operations could materially adversely affect our ability to attain or maintain profitable operations. 
 
 Even if we commercialize any of our product candidates, these products may become subject to unfavorable third party coverage and reimbursement policies, healthcare reform initiatives, or pricing regulations, any of which could negatively impact our business. 
 
 Our ability to commercialize any products successfully will depend in part on the extent to which coverage and adequate reimbursement for these products will be available from government authorities, private health insurers, health maintenance organizations and other entities. These third party payors determine which medications they will cover and establish reimbursement levels, and increasingly attempt to control costs by limiting coverage and the amount of reimbursement for particular medications. Several third party payors are requiring that drug companies provide them with predetermined discounts from list prices, are using preferred drug lists to leverage greater discounts in competitive classes and are challenging the prices charged for drugs. In addition, federal programs impose penalties on drug manufacturers in certain instances, in the form of mandatory additional rebates and/or discounts, which can be substantial, and could impact our ability to raise commercial prices. We cannot be sure that coverage and reimbursement will be available for any product that we commercialize and, if coverage is available, what the level of reimbursement will be. Coverage and reimbursement may impact the demand for, or the price of, any product candidate for which we obtain marketing approval. If coverage and reimbursement are not available or available only to limited levels, we might not successfully commercialize any product candidate for which we obtain marketing approval. 
 
 There may be significant delays in obtaining coverage and reimbursement for newly approved drugs, and coverage may be more limited than the purposes for which the drug is approved by the FDA or other regulatory authorities. Moreover, eligibility for coverage and reimbursement does not imply that a drug will be paid for in all cases or at a rate that covers our costs, including research, development, manufacture, sale and distribution. Interim reimbursement levels for new drugs, if applicable, may also not be sufficient to cover our costs and may only be temporary. Reimbursement rates for a drug may vary according to the clinical setting in which it is used and may be based on reimbursement levels already set for lower cost drugs and may be incorporated into existing payments for other services. Prices paid for a drug also vary depending on the class of trade. Prices charged to government customers are subject to price controls and private entities obtain discounts through group purchasing organizations. Net prices for drugs may be further reduced by mandatory discounts or rebates required by government healthcare programs and demanded by private payors, and by any future relaxation of laws that presently restrict imports of drugs from countries where they may be sold at lower prices than in the United States. Our inability to promptly obtain coverage and profitable reimbursement rates from both government funded and private payors for any approved products that we develop could have a material adverse effect on our operating results, our ability to raise capital needed to commercialize product candidates and our overall financial condition. 
 
 27 

Table of Contents 

Moreover, the regulations that govern pricing, coverage and reimbursement for new drug products abroad vary widely from country to country. Current and future U.S. or foreign legislation may significantly change the pricing, coverage and reimbursement in ways that could involve additional costs and cause delays in obtaining approvals. Adverse pricing limitations may hinder our ability to recoup our investment in one or more product candidates even if our product candidates obtain marketing approval. 
 
 Product liability lawsuits against us could cause us to incur substantial liabilities and to limit commercialization of any product candidates that we may develop. 
 
 We face an inherent risk of product liability exposure related to the testing of our product candidates in human clinical trials and related to the commercial sale of any approved products. Product liability claims may be brought against us by subjects enrolled in our clinical trials, patients, healthcare providers or others using, administering or selling our products or product candidates. For example, we may be sued if any product we sell allegedly causes injury or is found to be otherwise unsuitable during product testing, manufacturing, marketing or sale. Any such product liability claims may include allegations of defects in manufacturing, defects in design, a failure to warn of dangers inherent in the product, negligence, strict liability and a breach of warranties. Claims could also be asserted under state consumer protection acts. If we cannot successfully defend ourselves against claims that our product candidates or products caused injuries, we could incur substantial liabilities. Regardless of merit or eventual outcome, liability claims may result in: 
 
 Decreased demand for any product candidates or approved products; 
 Termination of clinical trial sites or entire trial programs; 
 Injury to our reputation and significant negative media attention; 
 Withdrawal of clinical trial participants; 
 Significant costs to defend the related litigation; 
 Substantial monetary awards to trial subjects or patients; 
 Loss of revenue; 
 Product recalls, withdrawals or labeling, marketing or promotional restrictions; 
 Diversion of management and scientific resources from our business operations; 
 The inability to commercialize any products that we may develop; and 
 A decline in our stock price. 
 
 We currently hold product and clinical trial liability insurance coverage, but it might not adequately cover all liabilities that we incur. We might not be able to maintain clinical trial insurance coverage at a reasonable cost or in an amount adequate to satisfy any liability that may arise. We also maintain insurance coverage for our commercially available products, which might not adequately cover all liabilities that we may incur. We might not be able to maintain insurance coverage for our product candidates and our approved products at a reasonable cost or in an amount adequate to satisfy any liability that may arise. Large judgments have been awarded in class action lawsuits based on drugs that had unanticipated side effects. A product liability claim or series of claims brought against us, whether or not successful, but particularly if judgments exceed our insurance coverage, could decrease our cash and adversely affect our reputation and business. 
 
 If, in the future, we are unable to grow our own sales, or establish marketing and distribution capabilities or enter into licensing or collaboration agreements for these purposes, we might not be successful in commercializing our product candidates. 
 
 We do not currently have a robust sales or marketing infrastructure. To develop our internal sales, distribution and marketing capabilities for new product candidates, we will have to invest significant amounts of financial and management resources, some of which will be committed prior to any confirmation that any new product candidates will be approved. For product candidates for which we decide to perform sales, marketing and distribution functions ourselves, we could face a number of additional risks, including: 
 
 Our inability to recruit and retain adequate numbers of effective sales and marketing personnel; 
 Inability of marketing personnel to develop effective marketing materials; 
 The inability of sales personnel to obtain access to physicians or educate adequate numbers of physicians on the clinical benefits of our products to achieve market acceptance; 
 The lack of complementary products to be offered by sales personnel, which may put us at a competitive disadvantage relative to companies with more extensive product lines; 
 The costs associated with training sales personnel on legal compliance matters and monitoring their actions; 
 Liability for sales personnel failing to comply with applicable legal requirements; and 
 Unforeseen costs and expenses associated with creating an independent sales and marketing organization. 
 
 28 

Table of Contents 

Where and when appropriate, we may elect to utilize contract sales forces or strategic partners to assist in the commercialization of our product candidates. If we enter into arrangements with third parties to perform sales, marketing and distribution services for our products, the resulting revenues or the profitability from these revenues to us are likely to be lower than if we had sold, marketed and distributed our products ourselves. In addition, we might not be successful in entering into arrangements with third parties to sell, market and distribute our product candidates or may be unable to do so on terms that are favorable to us. We likely will have little control over such third parties, and any of these third parties may fail to devote the necessary resources and attention to sell, market and distribute our products effectively. Such third parties may also not comply with the applicable regulatory requirements, which could potentially expose us to regulatory and legal enforcement actions. 
 
 Risks Related to Our Dependence on Third Parties 
 
 We rely on third parties to conduct, supervise and monitor our clinical trials. The failure of these third parties to successfully carry out their contractual duties or meet expected deadlines could substantially harm our business because we might not obtain marketing approval for or commercialize our product candidates in a timely manner or at all. 
 
 We rely upon third party CROs to monitor and manage data for our clinical programs. We rely on these parties for execution of our clinical trials and, while we have agreements governing their activities, we have limited influence over their actual performance and control only certain aspects of their activities. Nevertheless, we are responsible for ensuring that each of our studies is conducted in accordance with the applicable protocol, legal, regulatory and scientific standards, and our reliance on the CROs does not relieve us of our regulatory responsibilities. We, our clinical trial sites, and our CROs are required to comply with GCP requirements, which are regulations and guidelines enforced by the FDA, the Competent Authorities of the Member States of the European Economic Area and comparable foreign regulatory authorities for all of our product candidates in clinical development. Regulatory authorities enforce these GCP requirements through periodic inspections of trial sponsors, principal investigators and trial sites. If we, any of our CROs or clinical trial sites fail to comply with applicable GCP requirements, the clinical data generated in our clinical trials may be deemed unreliable and the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities may require us to perform additional clinical trials before approving our marketing applications, if at all. In addition, we are required to report certain financial interests of our third party investigators if these relationships exceed certain financial thresholds or meet other criteria. The FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities may question the integrity of the data from those clinical trials conducted by principal investigators who previously served or currently serve as scientific advisors or consultants to us from time to time and receive cash compensation in connection with such services or otherwise receive compensation from us that could be deemed to impact study outcome, proprietary interests in a product candidate, certain company equity interests, or significant payments of other sorts. We cannot assure you that upon inspection by a given regulatory authority, such regulatory authority will determine that any of our clinical trials comply with GCP requirements. In addition, we must conduct our clinical trials with product produced under applicable cGMP requirements. Failure to comply with these regulations may require us to repeat preclinical and clinical trials, which would delay the marketing approval process. 
 
 Our CROs and clinical trial sites are not our employees, and, except for remedies available to us under our agreements with such CROs and clinical trial sites, we cannot control whether or not they devote sufficient time and resources to our ongoing clinical, nonclinical and preclinical programs. These CROs and clinical trial sites may also have relationships with other commercial entities, including our competitors, for whom they may also be conducting clinical trials or other drug development activities that could harm our competitive position. If CROs or clinical trial sites do not successfully carry out their contractual duties or obligations or meet expected deadlines, or if the quality or accuracy of the clinical data they obtain is compromised due to the failure to adhere to our clinical protocols, regulatory requirements or for other reasons, our clinical trials may be extended, delayed or terminated and we might not be able to obtain marketing approval for or successfully commercialize our product candidates or we may be subject to regulatory enforcement actions. As a result, our results of operations and the commercial prospects for our product candidates would be harmed, our costs could increase and our ability to generate revenues could be delayed. To the extent we are unable to successfully identify and manage the performance of third party service providers in the future, our business may be adversely affected. 
 
 Switching or adding CROs involves substantial cost and requires extensive management time and focus. In addition, there is a natural transition period when a new CRO commences work. As a result, delays occur, which can materially impact our ability to meet our desired clinical development timelines. Though we carefully manage our relationships with our CROs, there can be no assurance that we will not encounter similar challenges or delays in the future or that these delays or challenges will not have a material adverse impact on our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 We use third parties to manufacture all of our product candidates. This may increase the risk that we will not have sufficient quantities of our product candidates to conduct our clinical trials or such quantities at an acceptable cost, which could result in the delay, prevention, or impairment of clinical development and commercialization of our product candidates. 
 
 29 

Table of Contents 

We do not own or operate, and have no plans to establish, any manufacturing facilities for our product candidates. We have limited personnel with experience in drug manufacturing and we lack the resources and the capabilities to manufacture any of our product candidates on a clinical or commercial scale. 
 
 We currently outsource all manufacturing of our product candidates to third parties typically without any guarantee that there will be sufficient supplies to fulfill our requirements or that we may obtain such supplies on acceptable terms. Any delays in obtaining adequate supplies with respect to our product candidates may delay the development or commercialization of our other product candidates. 
 
 In addition, we do not currently have agreements with all third party manufacturers for the long term commercial supply of our product candidates. We may be unable to enter agreements for commercial supply with third party manufacturers, or may be unable to do so on acceptable terms. Even if we enter into these agreements, the various manufacturers of each product candidate will likely be single source suppliers to us for a significant period of time. 
 
 The facilities used by our contract manufacturers to manufacture our product candidates must be inspected by the FDA after we submit an NDA or BLA. While we are ultimately responsible for the manufacture of our product candidates, other than through our contractual arrangements, we do not control the manufacturing process of, and are completely dependent on, our contract manufacturing partners for compliance with cGMP requirements for manufacture of both active drug substances and finished drug products for clinical supply and eventually for commercial supply, if we receive regulatory approval. If our contract manufacturers cannot successfully manufacture material that conforms to our specifications and the strict regulatory requirements of the FDA or other regulatory authorities, we will not be able to secure and/or maintain regulatory approval for their manufacturing facilities. Failure of our contract manufacturers to comply with the applicable regulatory requirements may also subject us to regulatory enforcement actions. In addition, other than through our contractual agreements, we have no control over the ability of our contract manufacturers to maintain adequate quality control, quality assurance and qualified personnel. If the FDA or other regulatory authorities do not approve these facilities for the manufacture of our product candidates or if it withdraws any such approval in the future, we may need to find alternative manufacturing facilities, which would significantly impact our ability to develop, obtain marketing approval for or market our product candidates, if approved. 
 
 Reliance on third party manufacturers subjects us to risks that would not affect us if we manufactured the product candidates ourselves, including: 
 
 Reliance on the third parties for regulatory compliance and quality assurance; 
 The possible breach of the manufacturing agreements by the third parties because of factors beyond our control; 
 The possible misappropriation of our proprietary information, including trade secrets and know how; 
 The possibility of termination or nonrenewal of the agreements by the third parties because of our breach of the manufacturing agreement or based on our own business priorities; 
 The disruption and costs associated with changing suppliers, including additional regulatory filings. 
 Failure to satisfy our contractual duties or obligations; 
 Inability to meet our product specifications and quality requirements consistently; 
 Delay or inability to procure or expand sufficient manufacturing capacity; 
 Manufacturing and/or product quality issues related to manufacturing development and scale up; 
 Costs and validation of new equipment and facilities required for scale up; 
 Failure to comply with applicable laws, regulations, and standards, including cGMP and similar foreign standards; 
 Deficient or improper record keeping; 
 Contractual restrictions on our ability to engage additional or alternative manufacturers; 
 Inability to negotiate manufacturing agreements with third parties under commercially reasonable terms; 
 Termination or nonrenewal of manufacturing agreements with third parties in a manner or at a time that is costly or damaging to us; 
 Reliance on a limited number of sources, and in some cases, single sources for product components, such that if we are unable to secure a sufficient supply of these product components, we would be unable to manufacture and sell our product candidates or any future product candidate in a timely fashion, in sufficient quantities or under acceptable terms; 
 Lack of qualified backup suppliers for those components that are currently purchased from a sole or single source supplier; 
 Lack of access or licenses to proprietary manufacturing methods used by third party manufacturers to make our product candidates; 
 Operations of our third party manufacturers or suppliers could be disrupted by conditions unrelated to our business or operations, including the bankruptcy of the manufacturer or supplier or regulatory sanctions related to the manufacturer; 
 Carrier disruptions or increased costs that are beyond our control; and 
 Failure to deliver our products under specified storage conditions and in a timely manner. 
 30 

Table of Contents 

Our product candidates may compete with other products and product candidates for access to manufacturing facilities. There are a limited number of manufacturers that operate under cGMP regulations and that are both capable of manufacturing for us and willing to do so. In addition, the manufacture of biologics requires significant expertise, including the development of advanced manufacturing techniques and process controls. The process is highly complex and we may encounter difficulties in production. These issues may include difficulties with production costs, production yields and quality control, including stability of the product candidate. Further, our product candidates may require new or specialized manufacturing with limited third-party manufacturers available to provide these services. The occurrence of any of these problems could significantly delay our clinical trials or the commercial availability of our product candidates. If our existing third party manufacturers, or the third parties that we engage in the future to manufacture a product for commercial sale or for our clinical trials, should cease to continue to do so for any reason, we likely would experience delays in obtaining sufficient quantities of our product candidates for us to advance our clinical trials or to meet commercial demand while we identify and qualify replacement suppliers. If for any reason we are unable to obtain adequate supplies of our product candidates or the drug substances used to manufacture them, it will be more difficult for us to develop our product candidates and compete effectively. 
 
 Our suppliers are subject to regulatory requirements covering manufacturing, testing, quality control, manufacturing, and record keeping relating to our product candidates, and subject to ongoing inspections by the regulatory agencies. Failure by any of our suppliers to comply with applicable regulations may result in long delays and interruptions to our manufacturing capacity while we seek to secure another supplier that meets all regulatory requirements, as well as market disruption related to any necessary recalls or other corrective actions. 
 
 The COVID-19 pandemic has limited in the past, and in the future could again limit, the available capacity of these manufacturers for a variety of reasons. These same risks apply to any future pandemic were one to emerge. 
 
 We might not succeed in establishing and maintaining development collaborations, which could adversely affect our ability to develop and commercialize product candidates. 
 
 A part of our strategy is to enter into product development collaborations in the future, including collaborations with major biotechnology or pharmaceutical companies for the development or commercialization of our current and future product candidates. We also face significant competition in seeking appropriate development partners and the negotiation process is time consuming and complex. We might not succeed in our efforts to establish development collaborations or other alternative arrangements for any of our existing or future product candidates and programs because our research and development pipeline may be insufficient, our product candidates and programs may be deemed to be at too early a stage of development for collaborative effort and/or third parties might not view our product candidates and programs as having the requisite potential to demonstrate safety and efficacy. 
 
 Furthermore, any collaborations that we enter into might not be successful. The success of our development collaborations will depend heavily on the efforts and activities of our collaborators. Our relationship with any future collaborations may pose several risks, including the following: 
 
 Collaborators have significant discretion in determining the amount and timing of the efforts and resources that they will apply to these collaborations; 
 Collaborators might not perform their obligations as expected; 
 The nonclinical studies and clinical trials conducted as part of these collaborations might not be successful; 
 Collaborators might not pursue development and commercialization of any product candidates that achieve regulatory approval or may elect not to continue or renew development or commercialization programs based on nonclinical study or clinical trial results, changes in the collaborators strategic focus or available funding or external factors, such as an acquisition, that divert resources or create competing priorities; 
 Collaborators may delay nonclinical studies and clinical trials, provide insufficient funding for nonclinical studies and clinical trials, stop a nonclinical study or clinical trial or abandon a product candidate, repeat or conduct new nonclinical studies or clinical trials or require a new formulation of a product candidate for nonclinical studies or clinical trials; 
 Collaborators could independently develop, or develop with third parties, products that compete directly or indirectly with our product candidates if the collaborators believe that competitive products are more likely to be successfully developed or can be commercialized under terms that are more economically attractive than ours; 
 Product candidates developed in collaboration with us may be viewed by our collaborators as competitive with their own product candidates or products, which may cause collaborators to cease to devote resources to the commercialization of our product candidates; 
 A collaborator with marketing and distribution rights to one or more of our product candidates that achieve regulatory approval might not commit sufficient resources to the marketing and distribution of any such product candidate; 
 Disagreements with collaborators, including disagreements over proprietary rights, contract interpretation or the preferred course of development of any product candidates, may cause delays or termination of the research, development or 
 31 

Table of Contents 

commercialization of such product candidates, may lead to additional responsibilities for us with respect to such product candidates or may result in litigation or arbitration, any of which would be time consuming and expensive; 
 Collaborators might not properly maintain or defend our intellectual property rights or may use our proprietary information in such a way as to invite litigation that could jeopardize or invalidate our intellectual property or proprietary information or expose us to potential litigation; 
 Disputes may arise with respect to the ownership or inventorship of intellectual property developed pursuant to our collaborations; 
 Collaborators may infringe the intellectual property rights of third parties, which may expose us to litigation and potential liability; 
 The terms of our collaboration agreement may restrict us from entering into certain relationships with other third parties, thereby limiting our options; and 
 Collaborations may be terminated for the convenience of the collaborator and, if terminated, we could be required to raise additional capital to pursue further development or commercialization of the applicable product candidates. 
 
 Even if we are successful in our efforts to establish development collaborations, the terms that we agree upon might not be favorable to us and we might not be able to maintain such development collaborations if, for example, development or approval of a product candidate is delayed or sales of an approved product candidate are disappointing. Any delay in entering into development collaboration agreements related to our product candidates could delay the development and commercialization of our product candidates and reduce their competitiveness if they reach the market. Additionally, collaborations with pharmaceutical or biotechnology companies and other third parties often are terminated or allowed to expire by the other party. Any such termination or expiration would adversely affect us financially and could harm our business reputation. 
 
 If we fail to establish and maintain additional development collaborations related to our product candidates: 
 
 The development of certain of our current or future product candidates may be terminated or delayed; 
 Our cash expenditures related to development of certain of our current or future product candidates would increase significantly and we may need to seek additional financing, which might not be available on favorable terms, or at all; 
 We may be required to hire additional employees or otherwise develop expertise, such as sales and marketing expertise, for Which we have not budgeted; 
 We would bear all of the risk related to the development of any such product candidates; 
 We may have to expend unexpected efforts and funds if we are unable to obtain the results of third party clinical trials; and 
 The competitiveness of any product candidate that is commercialized could be reduced. 
 
 Risks Related to Intellectual Property 
 
 As appropriate, we intend to seek all available periods of regulatory exclusivity for our product candidates. However, there is no guarantee that we will be granted these periods of regulatory exclusivity or that we will be able to maintain these periods of exclusivity. 
 
 The FDA grants product sponsors certain periods of regulatory exclusivity, during which the agency might not approve, and in certain instances, might not accept, certain marketing applications for competing drugs. For example, product sponsors may be eligible for five years of exclusivity from the date of approval of a new chemical entity, twelve years of exclusivity from the date of approval of a biologic, seven years of exclusivity for drugs that are designated to be orphan drugs, and/or a six month period of exclusivity added to any existing exclusivity period or patent life for the submission of FDA requested pediatric data. While we intend to apply for all periods of market exclusivity that we may be eligible for, there is no guarantee that we will receive all such periods of market exclusivity. Additionally, under certain circumstances, the FDA may revoke the period of market exclusivity. As a result, there is no guarantee that we will be able to maintain a period of market exclusivity, even if granted. In the case of ODD, other benefits, such as tax credits and exemption from user fees may be available. If we are not able to obtain or maintain orphan drug designation or any period of market exclusivity to which we may be entitled, we will be materially harmed, as we will potentially be subject to greater market competition and may lose the benefits associated with programs. 
 
 If we are unable to obtain or maintain intellectual property rights, or if the scope of patent protection is not sufficiently broad, competitors could develop and commercialize products similar or identical to ours, and we might not be able to compete effectively in our market. 
 
 Our success depends in significant part on our and our licensors , licensees or collaborators ability to establish, maintain and protect patents and other intellectual property rights and operate without infringing the intellectual property rights of others. We have filed 
 32 

Table of Contents 

numerous patent applications both in the United States and in foreign jurisdictions to obtain patent rights to inventions we have discovered. We have also licensed from third parties rights to patent portfolios. 
 
 The patent prosecution process is expensive and time consuming, and we and our current or future licensors, licensees or collaborators might not be able to prepare, file and prosecute all necessary or desirable patent applications at a reasonable cost or in a timely manner. It is also possible that we or our licensors, licensees or collaborators will fail to identify patentable aspects of inventions made in the course of development and commercialization activities before it is too late to obtain patent protection on them. Moreover, in some circumstances, we might not have the right to control the preparation, filing and prosecution of patent applications, or to maintain the patents, covering technology that we license from or license to third parties and are reliant on our licensors, licensees or collaborators. Therefore, these patents and applications might not be prosecuted and enforced in a manner consistent with the best interests of our business. If our current or future licensors, licensees or collaborators fail to establish, maintain or protect such patents and other intellectual property rights, such rights may be reduced or eliminated. If our licensors, licensees or collaborators are not fully cooperative or disagree with us as to the prosecution, maintenance or enforcement of any patent rights, such patent rights could be compromised. 
 
 The patent position of biotechnology and pharmaceutical companies generally is highly uncertain, involves complex legal and factual questions and has in recent years been the subject of much litigation. As a result, the issuance, scope, validity, enforceability and commercial value of our and our current or future licensors , licensees or collaborators patent rights are highly uncertain. Our and our licensors , licensees or collaborators pending and future patent applications might not result in patents being issued which protect our technology or products, in whole or in part, or which effectively prevent others from commercializing competitive technologies and products. The patent examination process may require us or our licensors, licensees or collaborators to narrow the scope of the claims of our or our licensors , licensees or collaborators pending and future patent applications, which may limit the scope of patent protection that may be obtained. Our and our licensors , licensees or collaborators patent applications cannot be enforced against third parties practicing the technology claimed in such applications unless and until a patent issues from such applications, and then only to the extent the issued claims cover the technology. 
 
 Furthermore, given the amount of time required for the development, testing and regulatory review of new product candidates, patents protecting such candidates might expire before or shortly after such candidates are commercialized. As a result, our owned and licensed patent portfolio might not provide us with sufficient rights to exclude others from commercializing products similar or identical to our products. We expect to seek extensions of patent terms where these are available in any countries where we are prosecuting patents. This includes in the United States under the Drug Price Competition and Patent Term Restoration Act of 1984, which permits a patent term extension of up to five years beyond the expiration of the patent. However, the applicable authorities, including the FDA in the United States, and any equivalent regulatory authority in other countries, might not agree with our assessment of whether such extensions are available, and may refuse to grant extensions to our patents, or may grant more limited extensions than we request. If this occurs, our competitors may take advantage of our investment in development and clinical trials by referencing our clinical and preclinical data and launch their product earlier than might otherwise be the case. 
 
 If we breach the license and development agreements related to our product candidates, we could lose the ability to develop and commercialize our product candidates. 
 
 Our commercial success depends upon our ability, and the ability of our licensors and collaborators, to develop, manufacture, market and sell our product candidates and use our and our licensors or collaborators proprietary technologies without infringing the proprietary rights of third parties. If we fail to comply with our obligations in the agreements under which we license intellectual property rights from third parties or otherwise experience disruptions to our business relationships with our licensors, we could lose the ability to continue the development and commercialization of our product candidates or face other penalties under these agreements. We are party to the following agreements for our core programs: 
 
 The KKC License Agreement (related to AVTX-002); 
 The Children s Hospital of Philadelphia License Agreement (related to AVTX-002); and 
 The SBP License Agreement (related to AVTX-008). 
 
 If we fail to comply with the obligations under these agreements, including payment terms, our licensors may have the right to terminate any of these agreements, in which event we might not be able to develop, market or sell the relevant product candidate. Such an occurrence could materially adversely affect the value of the product candidate being developed under any such agreement. Termination of these agreements or reduction or elimination of our rights under these agreements may result in us having to negotiate new or reinstated agreements, which might not be available to us on equally favorable terms, or at all, or cause us to lose our rights under these agreements, including our rights to intellectual property or technology important to our development programs. Any of these occurrences may harm our business, financial condition and prospects significantly. 
 
 33 

Table of Contents 

We may be required to make significant payments in connection with our license and development agreements. 
 
 We are party to license and development agreements with various third parties. For example, for our core programs we are party to the KKC License Agreement and the SBP License Agreement. We may be required to make significant payments in connection with our license and development agreements including (but not limited to): 
 
 Under the KKC License Agreement, we will incur development costs for AVTX-002 and are required to make significant payments in connection with the achievement of specified development and regulatory milestones. Additionally, upon commercialization, we are obligated to pay KKC sales-based milestones and royalties; 
 In addition to the KKC License Agreement, for AVTX-002 we are subject to additional royalties upon commercialization of up to an amount of less than 10 of net sales; and 
 Under the SBP License Agreement, we will incur development costs for AVTX-008 and are required to make significant payments in connection with the achievement of specific development and regulatory milestones. Additionally, upon commercialization, we are obligated to pay Sanford Burnham Prebys sales-based milestone payments and royalties. 
 
 If the obligations become due under the terms any of these agreements, we might not have sufficient funds available to meet our obligations and our development efforts may be negatively impacted. 
 
 Obtaining and maintaining our patent protection depends on compliance with various procedural, document submission, fee payment and other requirements imposed by governmental patent agencies, and our patent protection could be reduced or eliminated for non compliance with these requirements. 
 
 Periodic maintenance and annuity fees on any issued patent are due to be paid to the USPTO, and foreign patent agencies in several stages over the lifetime of the patent. The U.S. Patent and Trademark Office USPTO and various foreign governmental patent agencies require compliance with a number of procedural, documentary, fee payment and other similar provisions during the patent application process. While an inadvertent lapse can in many cases be cured by payment of a late fee or by other means in accordance with the applicable rules, there are situations in which noncompliance can result in abandonment or lapse of the patent or patent application, resulting in partial or complete loss of patent rights in the relevant jurisdiction. Non compliance events that could result in abandonment or lapse of a patent or patent application include failure to respond to official actions within prescribed time limits, non payment of fees and failure to properly legalize and submit formal documents. If we or our licensors or collaborators fail to maintain the patents and patent applications covering our product candidates, our competitors might be able to enter the market, which would have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 
 We may become involved in lawsuits to protect or enforce our intellectual property, which could be expensive, time consuming and unsuccessful and have a material adverse effect on the success of our business. 
 
 Third parties may infringe on our or our licensors or collaborators patents or misappropriate or otherwise violate our or our licensors or collaborators intellectual property rights. In the future, we or our licensors or collaborators may initiate legal proceedings to enforce or defend our or our licensors or collaborators intellectual property rights, to protect our or our licensors or collaborators trade secrets or to determine the validity or scope of intellectual property rights we own or control. Also, third parties may initiate legal proceedings against us or our licensors or collaborators to challenge the validity or scope of intellectual property rights we own or control. The proceedings can be expensive and time consuming and many of our or our licensors or collaborators adversaries in these proceedings may have the ability to dedicate substantially greater resources to prosecuting these legal actions than we or our licensors or collaborators can. Accordingly, despite our or our licensors or collaborators efforts, we or our licensors or collaborators might not prevent third parties from infringing upon or misappropriating intellectual property rights we own or control, particularly in countries where the laws might not protect those rights as fully as in the United States. Litigation could result in substantial costs and diversion of management resources, which could harm our business and financial results. In addition, in an infringement proceeding, a court may decide that a patent owned by or licensed to us is invalid or unenforceable, or may refuse to stop the other party from using the technology at issue on the grounds that we or our licensors or collaborators patents do not cover the technology in question. An adverse result in any litigation proceeding could put one or more of our or our licensors or collaborators patents at risk of being invalidated, held unenforceable or interpreted narrowly. 
 
 Third party pre issuance submission of prior art to the USPTO, or opposition, derivation, reexamination, inter partes review or interference proceedings, or other pre issuance or post grant proceedings in the United States or other jurisdictions provoked by third parties or brought by us or our licensors or collaborators may be necessary to determine the priority of inventions with respect to our or our licensors or collaborators patents or patent applications. An unfavorable outcome could require us or our licensors or collaborators to cease using the related technology and commercializing our product candidates, or to attempt to license rights to it from the prevailing party. Our business could be harmed if the prevailing party does not offer us or our licensors or collaborators a 
 34 

Table of Contents 

license on commercially reasonable terms or at all. Even if we or our licensors or collaborators obtain a license, it may be non exclusive, thereby giving our competitors access to the same technologies licensed to us or our licensors or collaborators. In addition, if the breadth or strength of protection provided by our or our licensors or collaborators patents and patent applications is threatened, it could dissuade companies from collaborating with us to license, develop or commercialize current or future product candidates. Even if we successfully defend such litigation or proceeding, we may incur substantial costs and it may distract our management and other employees. We could be found liable for monetary damages, including treble damages and attorneys fees if we are found to have willfully infringed a patent. 
 
 Furthermore, because of the substantial amount of discovery required in connection with intellectual property litigation, there is a risk that some of our confidential information could be compromised by disclosure during this type of litigation. There could also be public announcements of the results of hearings, motions or other interim proceedings or developments. If securities analysts or investors perceive these results to be negative, it could have a material adverse effect on the price of our warrants or shares of our common stock. 
 
 Our inability to protect our confidential information and trade secrets would harm our business and competitive position. 
 
 In addition to seeking patents for some of our technology and products, we also rely on trade secrets, including unpatented know how, technology and other proprietary information, to maintain our competitive position. Though we seek to protect these trade secrets, in part, by entering into non disclosure and confidentiality agreements with parties who have access to them, such as our employees, corporate collaborators, outside scientific collaborators, contract manufacturers, consultants, advisors and other third parties, as well as by entering into confidentiality and invention or patent assignment agreements with our employees and consultants, any of these parties may breach the agreements and disclose our proprietary information, including our trade secrets, and we might not be able to obtain adequate remedies for such breaches. Enforcing a claim that a party illegally disclosed or misappropriated a trade secret is difficult, expensive and time consuming, and the outcome is unpredictable. In addition, some courts both within and outside the United States may be less willing or unwilling to protect trade secrets. If a competitor lawfully and without breach of a confidentiality obligation obtained or independently developed any of our trade secrets, we would have no right to prevent such competitor from using that technology or information to compete with us, which could harm our competitive position. 
 
 Changes in patent law could diminish the value of patents in general, thereby impairing our ability to protect our product candidates. 
 
 As is the case with other biotechnology and pharmaceutical companies, our success is heavily dependent on intellectual property, particularly patents. Obtaining and enforcing patents in the biopharmaceutical industry involves technological and legal complexity, and obtaining and enforcing biopharmaceutical patents is costly, time consuming, and inherently uncertain. The United States Supreme Court has ruled on several patent cases in recent years, either narrowing the scope of patent protection available in certain circumstances or weakening the rights of patent owners in certain situations. In addition to increasing uncertainty with regard to our and our licensors or collaborators ability to obtain patents in the future, this combination of events has created uncertainty with respect to the value of patents, once obtained. Depending on decisions by Congress, the federal courts, and the USPTO, the laws and regulations governing patents could change in unpredictable ways that would weaken our and our licensors or collaborators ability to obtain new patents or to enforce existing patents and patents we and our licensors or collaborators may obtain in the future. Patent reform legislation could increase the uncertainties and costs surrounding the prosecution of our and our licensors or collaborators patent applications and the enforcement or defense of our or our licensors or collaborators issued patents. In addition, the America Invents Act includes the first to file provisions, which increases the uncertainties and costs surrounding the prosecution of our or our licensors or collaborators patent applications and the enforcement or defense of our or our licensors or collaborators issued patents. Future changes in patent law could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial condition. 
 
 We might not be able to protect our intellectual property rights throughout the world. 
 
 Filing, prosecuting, enforcing and defending patents on product candidates in all countries throughout the world would be prohibitively expensive, and our or our licensors or collaborators intellectual property rights in some countries outside the United States can be less extensive than those in the United States. In addition, the laws of some foreign countries do not protect intellectual property rights to the same extent as federal and state laws in the United States. Consequently, we and our licensors or collaborators might not be able to prevent third parties from practicing our and our licensors or collaborators inventions in all countries outside the United States, or from selling or importing products made using our and our licensors or collaborators inventions in and into the United States or other jurisdictions. Competitors may use our and our licensors or collaborators technologies in jurisdictions where we or our licensors or collaborators have not obtained patent protection to develop their own products and further, may export otherwise infringing products to territories where we and our licensors or collaborators have patent protection, but enforcement is not 
 35 

Table of Contents 

as strong as that in the United States. These products may compete with our product candidates and our and our licensors or collaborators patents or other intellectual property rights might not be effective or sufficient to prevent them from competing. 
 
 Many companies have encountered significant problems in protecting and defending intellectual property rights in foreign jurisdictions. The legal systems of certain countries, particularly certain developing countries, do not favor the enforcement of patents and other intellectual property protection, particularly those relating to biopharmaceuticals, which could make it difficult for us and our licensors or collaborators to stop the infringement of our and our licensors or collaborators patents or marketing of competing products in violation of our and our licensors or collaborators proprietary rights generally. Proceedings to enforce our and our licensors or collaborators patent rights in foreign jurisdictions could result in substantial costs and divert our and our licensors or collaborators efforts and attention from other aspects of our business, could put our and our licensors or collaborators patents at risk of being invalidated or interpreted narrowly and our and our licensors or collaborators patent applications at risk of not issuing and could provoke third parties to assert claims against us or our licensors or collaborators. We or our licensors or collaborators might not prevail in any lawsuits that we or our licensors or collaborators initiate and the damages or other remedies awarded, if any, might not be commercially meaningful. 
 
 The requirements for patentability may differ in certain countries, particularly developing countries. For example, unlike other countries, China has a heightened requirement for patentability, and specifically requires a detailed description of medical uses of a claimed drug. Furthermore, generic or biosimilar drug manufacturers or other competitors may challenge the scope, validity or enforceability of our or our licensors or collaborators patents, requiring us or our licensors or collaborators to engage in complex, lengthy and costly litigation or other proceedings. Generic or biosimilar drug manufacturers may develop, seek approval for, and launch biosimilar versions of our products. Certain countries, including India and China, have compulsory licensing laws under which a patent owner may be compelled to grant licenses to third parties. In those countries, we and our licensors or collaborators may have limited remedies if patents are infringed or if we or our licensors or collaborators are compelled to grant a license to a third party, which could materially diminish the value of those patents. This could limit our potential revenue opportunities. Accordingly, our and our licensors or collaborators efforts to enforce intellectual property rights around the world may be inadequate to obtain a significant commercial advantage from the intellectual property that we own or license. 
 
 Risks Related to Legal Compliance 
 
 Ongoing changes to healthcare laws and regulations may increase the difficulty and cost associated with commercializing our products and may affect the prices we are paid for those products. 
 
 The Healthcare sector is heavily regulated in the United States and abroad, and new laws, regulations, judicial decisions and/or payment and coverage policies or new interpretations of such laws, regulations, decisions or policies could negatively impact our business, operations, and financial condition. The United States federal government, state governments, and foreign governments have shown significant and increasing interest in cost-containment initiatives intended to limit the growth of healthcare costs, including without limitation price controls, restrictions on reimbursement, requirements for substitution of generic products for branded prescription drugs, prior authorization requirements, and increased copays and cost shares for beneficiaries. 
 
 The Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act increased federal oversight of private health insurance plans and included a number of provisions designed to reduce Medicare expenditures and the cost of health care generally, to reduce fraud, waste, abuse and to provide access to increased health coverage. 
 
 Since its enactment, there have been numerous legal challenges and Congressional actions to repeal and replace provisions of the Affordable Care Act that have resulted in profound changes to the law, and efforts to reform the ACA and healthcare sector are ongoing. For example, the Affordable Care Act s individual mandate was repealed in 2019. The Trump administration took executive actions to delay implementation of portions of the Affordable Care Act. 
 
 The Biden administration has signaled that it plans to build on the Affordable Care Act and to expand the number of people who are presently eligible for subsidies under the law. Also, on January 28, 2021, President Biden issued an Executive Order directing federal agencies to reconsider rules and other policies that limit Americans access to health care and to consider actions that will protect and strengthen that access. 
 
 We expect further reform to the Affordable Care Act, to the Medicare and Medicaid programs and other state and federal healthcare programs, and to the regulation of the healthcare sector generally. Some of these changes could have a material adverse effect on our business and operations. Ongoing and future healthcare reform measures may result, for instance, in more rigorous clinical coverage criteria limiting when our product(s) may be covered and in additional downward pressure on the price that we receive for our product and product candidates, if approved, and could harm our future revenues. 
 36 

Table of Contents 

The prices of prescription drugs have been the subject of considerable debate and regulation in the United States and abroad. Recent years have seen several U.S. congressional inquiries into prescription drug pricing, as well as proposed and enacted state and federal legislation designed to, among other things, bring more transparency to drug pricing, review the relationship between pricing and manufacturer patient programs, reduce the costs of drugs under Medicare, and reform government program reimbursement methodologies for drugs and related products. 
 
 Legislative efforts at cost containment in healthcare programs are ongoing. For example, the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 includes several provisions to lower prescription drug costs for Medicare patients and reduce drug spending by the federal government. Future legislation and regulation may result in further changes in Medicare and other healthcare funding and otherwise affect the prices we may obtain for any of our product candidates for which we may obtain regulatory approval or the frequency with which any such product candidate is prescribed or used. 
 
 Any reduction in reimbursement from Medicare, Medicaid, or other government programs may result in a similar reduction in payments from private payers. The implementation of cost containment measures or other healthcare reforms may prevent us from being able to generate revenue, attain and maintain profitability of our product and product candidates, if approved. 
 
 At the state level, individual states are increasingly aggressive in passing legislation and implementing regulations designed to control pharmaceutical and biological product pricing, including price or patient reimbursement constraints, discounts, restrictions on certain product access and marketing cost disclosure and transparency measures, and, in some cases, designed to encourage importation from other countries and bulk purchasing. In addition, regional health care authorities and individual hospitals are increasingly using bidding procedures to determine what pharmaceutical products and which suppliers will be included in their prescription drug formularies and other health care programs. These measures could reduce the ultimate demand for our product and potential products, if approved, and/or may constrain the prices that we are able to charge for such products. 
 
 We expect that state and federal healthcare program reform measures will be ongoing, any of which could limit the amounts that we receive for our products and services or, result in reduced demand for our product or product candidates. 
 
 Our relationships with commercial and government customers, healthcare providers, third-party payors, and others are subject to applicable anti-kickback, fraud and abuse, transparency and other healthcare related laws, regulations and requirements, which could expose us to criminal and civil liability, exclusion from participation in federal healthcare programs, contractual damages and consequences, reputational harm, administrative burdens, and diminished profits and future earnings. 
 
 Our business and our relationships with customers, physicians, and third-party payors are subject, directly and indirectly, to federal and state health care fraud and abuse laws and regulations. These laws also apply to the healthcare providers and third-party payors who play a primary role in the recommendation and prescription of our commercially-available products. These laws constrain the business or financial arrangements and relationships through which we market, sell, and distribute our products and will impact, among other things, our proposed sales, marketing and educational programs. There are also laws, regulations, and requirements applicable to the award and performance of federal grants and contracts. 
 
 Actions resulting in violations of these laws regulations and requirements may result in civil and criminal liability, damages and restitution, as well as exclusion from participation in federal healthcare programs, corporate integrity agreements, deferred prosecution agreements, debarment from government contracts and grants and refusal of future orders under existing contracts or contractual damages, reputational damage, and other consequences. Restrictions under applicable federal and state healthcare related laws and regulations include but are not limited to the following: 
 
 The federal Anti-Kickback Statute, which prohibits any person from, among other things, knowingly and willfully soliciting, offering, receiving or providing anything of value, directly or indirectly, overtly or covertly, in cash or in kind, to induce or reward, or in return for, the referral of an individual for the furnishing or arranging for the furnishing, or the purchase, lease or order, or arranging for or recommending purchase, lease or order, of any good or service for which payment may be made under a federal healthcare program; 
 The Veterans Health Care Act, which requires manufacturers of covered drugs to offer them for sale on the Federal Supply Schedule and requires compliance with applicable federal procurement laws and regulations; 
 The civil monetary penalties statute, which imposes penalties against any person or entity who, among other things, is determined to have presented or caused to be presented a claim to a federal health program that the person knows or should know is for an item or service that was not provided as claimed or is false or fraudulent; 
 37 

Table of Contents 

The false claims act, which imposes liability and significant civil penalties on any person who submits or causes to be submitted a claim to the federal government that he or she knows (or should know) is false; 
 Federal transparency laws, including the federal Physician Sunshine Act (PSA), which requires manufacturers of drugs, devices, biologics and medical supplies for which payment is available under Medicare, Medicaid or the Children s Health Insurance Program (with certain exceptions) to report annually to the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services (CMS), information related to payments or other transfers of value made to physicians (defined to include doctors, dentists, optometrists, podiatrists and chiropractors) and teaching hospitals, and requires applicable manufacturers and applicable group purchasing organizations to report annually to CMS ownership and investment interests held by physicians (as defined above) and their immediate family members; and 
 Analogous or similar state, federal, and foreign laws, regulations, and requirements which may apply to sales or marketing arrangements and claims involving healthcare items or services reimbursed by non-governmental third party payors, including private insurers; state and foreign laws that require pharmaceutical companies to comply with the pharmaceutical industry s voluntary compliance guidelines and the applicable compliance guidance promulgated by the federal government or otherwise restrict payments that may be made to healthcare providers; state and foreign laws that require drug manufacturers to report information related to payments and other transfers of value to physicians and other healthcare providers or marketing expenditures; laws, regulations, and requirements applicable to the award and performance of federal contracts and grants and state, federal and foreign laws that govern the privacy and security of health and other information in certain circumstances, many of which differ from each other in significant ways and often are not preempted by federal law, thus complicating compliance efforts. 
 
 Efforts to ensure that our business arrangements with third parties will comply with applicable healthcare laws and regulations involve substantial costs. Because of the breadth of these laws and the narrowness of the statutory exceptions and safe harbors available, it is possible that governmental authorities will conclude that our business practices do not comply with current or future statutes, regulations, or case law interpreting applicable fraud and abuse or other healthcare laws and regulations. If our operations are found to be in violation of any of these laws or any other laws, regulations or other requirements that may apply to us, we may be subject to significant civil, criminal and administrative penalties, damages, fines, imprisonment, restitution exclusion from government funded healthcare programs, corporate integrity agreements, deferred prosecution agreements, debarment from government contracts and grants and refusal of future orders under existing contracts, contractual damages, the curtailment or restructuring of our operations and other consequences. 
 
 If any of the physicians or other healthcare providers or entities with whom we expect to do business are found in violation of applicable laws, including but not limited to those discussed above, that person or entity may be subject to criminal, civil or administrative sanctions, including exclusions from government funded healthcare programs. 
 
 The availability of any federal grant funds which we may receive or for which we may apply is subject to federal appropriations law. Such grant funding may also be withdrawn or denied due to a violation of the above laws and/or for other reasons. 
 
 Failure to obtain or maintain orphan product exclusivity for any of the product candidates for which we seek this status could limit our commercial opportunity. 
 
 FDA may grant orphan drug designation to a drug or biological product to prevent, diagnose or treat a rare disease or condition. While certain product candidates, including AVTX-803, have received orphan drug designation, there is no guarantee that we will be able to receive such designation in the future for any other product candidate. The FDA may grant orphan drug designation to multiple sponsors for the same compound or active molecule and for the same indication. If another sponsor receives FDA approval for such product before we do, we would be prevented from launching our product in the United States for the orphan indication for a period of at least seven years unless we demonstrate clinical superiority. 
 
 Moreover, while orphan drug designation neither shortens the development or regulatory review time, nor gives the product candidate advantages in the regulatory review or approval process, generally, if a product with an orphan drug designation subsequently receives the first marketing approval for the relevant indication, the product is entitled to a 7 year period of market exclusivity, which precludes the FDA from approving another marketing application for the same drug for the same indication for that period. The FDA, however, may subsequently approve a similar drug (or, in the U.S., the same drug) for the same indication during the first product's market exclusivity period if the FDA concludes that the later drug is shown to be safer or more effective or makes a major contribution to patient care. Orphan exclusivity in the United States also does not prevent the FDA from approving another product that is considered to be the same as our product candidates for a different indication or a different product for the same orphan indication. If another product that is the same as ours is approved for a different indication, it is possible that third-party payors will reimburse for products off-label even if not indicated for the orphan condition. 
 38 

Table of Contents 

Orphan drug exclusivity may be lost if the FDA determines that the request for designation was materially defective, or if the manufacturer is unable to assure sufficient quantity of the drug to meet the needs of patients with the rare disease or condition or if the incidence and prevalence of patients who are eligible to receive the drug in these markets materially increase. The inability to obtain or failure to maintain adequate product exclusivity for our product candidates could have a material adverse effect on our business prospects, results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 Additionally, regulatory criteria with respect to orphan products is evolving, especially in the area of gene therapy. By example, in the United States, whether two gene therapies are considered to be the same for the purpose of determining clinical superiority (i.e., is safer, more effective, and/or makes a major contribution to patient care) depends on a number of factors, including the expressed transgene, the vector, and other features of the molecule or compound. Accordingly, whether any of our products or product candidates will be deemed to be the same as another product or product candidate is uncertain. 
 
 Our business and operations could suffer in the event of computer system failures, cyber-attacks or deficiencies in our cyber-security. 
 
 In the ordinary course of our business, we collect and store sensitive data, including intellectual property, research data, our proprietary business information and that of our suppliers, technical information about our products, clinical trial plans and employee records. Similarly, our third-party providers possess certain of our sensitive data and confidential information. The secure maintenance of this information is critical to our operations and business strategy. Despite the implementation of security measures, our internal computer systems, and those of third parties on which we rely, are vulnerable to damage from computer viruses, malware, ransomware, cyber fraud, natural disasters, terrorism, war, telecommunication and electrical failures, cyber-attacks or cyber-intrusions over the Internet, attachments to emails, persons inside our organization, or persons with access to systems inside our organization. The risk of a security breach or disruption, particularly through cyber-attacks or cyber-intrusion, including by computer hackers, foreign governments, and cyber terrorists, has generally increased as the number, intensity and sophistication of attempted attacks and intrusions from around the world have increased. Any such breach could compromise our networks and the information stored there could be accessed, publicly disclosed, encrypted, lost or stolen. Any such access, inappropriate disclosure of confidential or proprietary information or other loss of information, including our data being breached at third-party providers, could result in legal claims or proceedings, liability or financial loss under laws that protect the privacy of personal information, disruption of our operations or the development of our pipeline assets and damage to our reputation, which could adversely affect our business. For example, the loss of clinical trial data from completed or ongoing or planned clinical trials could result in delays in our regulatory approval efforts and significantly increase our costs to recover or reproduce the data. Furthermore, as a result of cyber-attacks we may inadvertently misappropriate assets that we may not be able to fully recover. 
 
 We may be subject to future litigation against us, which could be costly and time consuming to defend. 
 
 We may become subject, from time to time, to legal proceedings and claims that arise in the ordinary course of business such as claims brought by our clients in connection with commercial disputes, or employment claims made by our current or former associates. Litigation might result in substantial costs and may divert management s attention and resources, which might seriously harm our business, overall financial condition, and operating results. Insurance might not cover such claims, might not provide sufficient payments to cover all the costs to resolve one or more such claims, and might not continue to be available on terms acceptable to us. A claim brought against us that is uninsured or underinsured could result in unanticipated costs, thereby reducing our operating results and leading analysts or potential investors to reduce their expectations of our performance, which could reduce the trading price of our stock. 
 
 Risks Related to Employee Matters and Managing Our Growth 
 
 If we fail to attract and keep management and other key personnel, as well as our board members, we may be unable to develop our product candidates or otherwise implement our business plan. 
 
 Our success will depend on the retention of our directors and members of our management and leadership team including Dr. Garry A. Neil, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board, Christopher Sullivan, Chief Financial Officer, Lisa Hegg Ph.D., Senior Vice President of Program Management, Corporate Infrastructure, and Clinical Operations, Colleen Matkowski, Senior Vice President of Global Regulatory Affairs and Quality Assurance, and Dino Miano, Senior Vice President, CMC and Technical Operations, and on our ability to continue to attract and retain highly skilled and qualified personnel. From time to time, there may be changes to our executive management team resulting from the hiring or departure of other executives, which could disrupt our business. For example: in February 2022, our then-current Chief Scientific Officer, Garry A. Neil, replaced Michael Cola as our Chief Executive Officer. Additionally, in February 2022, our then-current Chief Accounting Officer, Christopher Sullivan, replaced Schond Greenway as our 
 39 

Table of Contents 

Chief Financial Officer. The loss of one or more of our executive officers or key associates could have a serious adverse effect on our business. 
 
 To continue to execute our business strategy, we must be able to attract and retain highly skilled personnel. We might not be able to attract or retain qualified management and other key personnel in the future due to the intense competition for qualified personnel among biotechnology, pharmaceutical and other businesses. Our industry has experienced a high rate of turnover of management personnel in recent years. As such, we could have difficulty attracting experienced personnel to our company and may be required to expend significant financial resources in our employee recruitment and retention efforts. Many of the other biotechnology and pharmaceutical companies with whom we compete for qualified personnel have greater financial and other resources, different risk profiles and longer histories in the industry than we have. They also may provide more diverse opportunities and better chances for career advancement. Some of these characteristics may be more appealing to high quality candidates than that which we have to offer. If we are not able to attract and retain the necessary personnel to accomplish our business objectives, we may experience constraints that will impede significantly our ability to implement our business strategy and achieve our business objectives. There can be no assurance that we will retain the services of any of our directors, officers or employees, or attract or retain additional senior managers or skilled employees when and as needed. Furthermore, we do not intend to carry key man insurance with respect to any of such individuals. 
 
 We may encounter difficulties in managing our growth and expanding our operations successfully. 
 
 As we seek to advance our product candidates through clinical trials, we will need to expand our development, regulatory, manufacturing, administrative, marketing and sales capabilities or contract with third parties to provide these capabilities for us. As our operations expand, we expect that we will need to manage additional relationships with various strategic partners, suppliers and other third parties. Any future growth will impose significant added responsibilities on members of management. Our future financial performance and our ability to commercialize our product candidates and to compete effectively will depend, in part, on our ability to manage any future growth effectively. To that end, we must be able to manage our product development efforts and clinical trials effectively and hire, train and integrate additional management, administrative and sales and marketing personnel. The hiring, training and integration of new employees may be more difficult, costly and/or time consuming for us because we have fewer resources than a larger organization. We might not be able to accomplish these tasks, and our failure to accomplish any of them could prevent us from successfully developing our product candidates and growing our company. 
 
 Our Chief Executive Officer has interests in the development of AVTX-006 pursuant to a royalty agreement that may conflict with interests of stockholders. 
 
 Entities affiliated with Dr. Garry Neil, our Chief Executive Officer, are parties to a Royalty Agreement with us relating to AVTX-006. The Royalty Agreement was entered into in July 2019 and we assumed the agreement in the Aevi Merger. The Investors will be entitled to an aggregate amount equal to a low-single digit percentage of the aggregate net sales of AVTX-006 products. At any time beginning three years after the date of the first public launch of AVTX-006 product, we may exercise, at our sole discretion, a buyout option that terminates any further obligations under the Royalty Agreement in exchange for a payment to the Investors of an aggregate of 75 of the net present value of the royalty payments. As a result of this arrangement, the interests of Dr. Neil with respect to our development programs may conflict with the interests of our stockholders. Dr. Neil could make substantial profits as a result of opportunities related to AVTX-006, which may result in him having more interest in advancing programs related to AVTX-006 as opposed to our other pipeline programs. In addition, there would be a conflict of interest if the Company determines to exercise its buyout rights under the Royalty Agreement, the exercise of which would be subject to certain approvals including by our Audit Committee and a majority of our independent directors. 
 
 We may be subject to claims by third parties asserting that our employees or we have misappropriated their intellectual property, or claiming ownership of what we regard as our own intellectual property. 
 
 Many of our employees, including our senior management, were previously employed at universities or at other biotechnology or pharmaceutical companies, including our competitors or potential competitors. Some of these employees executed proprietary rights, non disclosure and non competition agreements in connection with such previous employment. We may be subject to claims that we or these employees have used or disclosed confidential information or intellectual property, including trade secrets or other proprietary information, of any such employee s former employer. In addition, we may be subject to claims that former employees, collaborators, or other third parties have an ownership interest in our patents or other intellectual property. While it is our policy to require our employees and contractors who may be involved in the development of intellectual property to execute agreements assigning such intellectual property to us, we may be unsuccessful in executing such an agreement to each party who in fact develops intellectual property that we regard as our own. We could be subject to ownership disputes arising, for example, from conflicting obligations of consultants or others who are involved in developing our product candidates. Litigation may be necessary to defend against these claims. 
 40 

Table of Contents 

If we fail in prosecuting or defending any such claims, in addition to paying monetary damages, we may lose valuable intellectual property rights or personnel or sustain damages. Such intellectual property rights could be awarded to a third party, and we could be required to obtain a license from such third party to commercialize our technology or products. Such a license might not be available on commercially reasonable terms or at all. Even if we successfully prosecute or defend against such claims, litigation could result in substantial costs and distract management. 
 
 Risks Related to our Stock 
 
 The market price of our stock is volatile, and you could lose all or part of your investment. 
 
 The market price of our shares of our common stock has been highly volatile and subject to wide fluctuations in response to various factors, some of which we cannot control. From our initial public offering in October 2015 through December 31, 2022, the per share trading price of our common stock has been as high as 86.64 and as low as 2.96 (adjusted for the 1-for-12 reverse stock split that occurred in July 2022). As a result of this volatility, you might not be able to sell your shares of our common stock at a favorable price. In addition to the factors discussed in this Risk Factors section and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, these factors that could negatively affect or result in fluctuations in the market price of shares of our common stock include: 
 
 Our ability to generate significant product revenues, cash flows and a profit; 
 The success of competitive products or technologies; 
 Actual or anticipated changes in our growth rate relative to our competitors; 
 Announcements by our competitors of significant acquisitions, strategic collaborations, joint ventures, collaborations or capital commitments; 
 Regulatory or legal developments in the United States and other countries; 
 The results of our efforts to discover, develop, in license or acquire additional product candidates or products; 
 Actual or anticipated changes in estimates as to financial results, development timelines or recommendations by securities analysts; 
 Variations in our financial results or those of companies that are perceived to be similar to us; 
 Variations in the level of expenses related to our product candidates or preclinical and clinical development programs, including relating to the timing of invoices from, and other billing practices of, our CROs and clinical trial sites; 
 Fluctuations in the valuation of companies perceived by investors to be comparable to us; 
 Warrant or stock price and volume fluctuations attributable to inconsistent trading volume levels of our warrants or shares; 
 Announcement or expectation of additional financing efforts; 
 Changes in operating performance and stock market valuations of other pharmaceutical companies; 
 Market conditions in the pharmaceutical and biotechnology sectors; 
 The public s response to press releases or other public announcements by us or third parties, including our filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission SEC and announcements relating to litigation or other disputes, strategic transactions or intellectual property impacting us or our business; 
 Announcement related to litigation; 
 Fluctuations in quarterly operating results, as well as differences between our actual financial and operating results and those expected by investors; 
 The financial projections we may provide to the public, any changes in these projections or our failure to meet these projections; 
 Changes in financial estimates by any securities analysts who follow our warrants or shares of common stock, our failure to meet these estimates or failure of those analysts to initiate or maintain coverage of our warrants or shares of common stock; 
 Ratings downgrades by any securities analysts who follow our warrants or shares of common stock; 
 The development and sustainability of an active trading market for our shares of common stock; 
 Future sales of our shares of common stock by our officers, directors and significant stockholders; 
 Other events or factors, including those resulting from war, incidents of terrorism, natural disasters or responses to these events; 
 Changes in accounting principles; and 
 General economic, industry and market conditions. 
 
 In addition, the stock market in general, and the market for biotechnology companies in particular, have experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations that have often been unrelated or disproportionate to the operating performance of these companies. Broad market and industry factors may negatively affect the market price of shares of common stock, regardless of our actual operating performance. The realization of any of the above risks or any of a broad range of other risks, including those described in this Risk Factors section, could have a material adverse impact on the market price of our shares of common stock. When the market price of a 
 41 

Table of Contents 

stock is volatile, security holders may institute class action litigation against the company that issued the stock. If we become involved in this type of litigation, regardless of the outcome, we could incur substantial legal costs and our management s attention could be diverted from the operation of our business, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 
 Future sales and issuances of shares of our common stock or rights to purchase common stock, including pursuant to our equity incentive plans, could result in additional dilution of the percentage ownership of our stockholders and could cause our stock price to fall. 
 
 We expect that additional capital may be needed in the future to continue our planned operations, including conducting clinical trials, commercialization efforts, and expanded research and development activities. To raise capital, we may sell common stock, convertible securities or other equity securities in one or more transactions at prices and in a manner we determine from time to time. If we sell common stock, convertible securities or other equity securities, investors may be materially diluted by such sales and new investors could gain rights, preferences and privileges senior to our existing stockholders. 
 
 We are authorized to grant equity awards, including stock grants and stock options, to our employees, directors and consultants. As of December 31, 2022, there were 204,290 shares available for future issuance under the Third Amended and Restated 2016 Equity Incentive Plan (the 2016 Amended Plan ). During the term of the 2016 Amended Plan, the share reserve will automatically increase on the first trading day in January of each calendar year, by an amount equal to 4 of the total number of outstanding shares of our common stock on the last trading day in December of the prior calendar year. On January 1, 2023, on the terms of the 2016 Amended Plan, an additional 377,221 shares were made available for issuance. In addition, as of December 31, 2022, there were 170,035 shares available for future issuance under the 2016 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (the ESPP ). On January 1 of each calendar year, the aggregate number of shares that may be issued under the ESPP will automatically increase by a number equal to the lesser of (i) 1 of the total number of shares of our common stock outstanding on December 31 of the preceding calendar year, and (ii) 41,667 shares of our common stock, or (iii) a number of shares of our common stock as determined by our board of directors or compensation committee. On January 1, 2023, the number of shares available for issuance under the ESPP increased by 41,667 shares available for issuance. Future issuances, as well as the possibility of future issuances, under the 2016 Amended Plan or the ESPP or other equity incentive plans could cause the market price of our common stock to decrease. 
 
 Armistice is our largest stockholder and has significant influence over us, and its interests may be different from or conflict with those of our other stockholders. 
 
 As of February 15, 2023, Armistice beneficially owns approximately 35 of our outstanding common stock. As a result, Armistice continues to be able to exert a significant degree of influence over our management, affairs, and matters requiring stockholder approval, including the election of directors, a merger, consolidation or sale of all or substantially all of our assets, and any other significant transaction. The interests of Armistice might not always coincide with our interests or the interests of our other stockholders. For instance, this concentration of ownership may have the effect of delaying or preventing a change in control of us otherwise favored by our other stockholders and could have an adverse effect on our stock price. 
 
 Armistice makes investments in companies and may, from time to time, acquire and hold interests in businesses that compete directly or indirectly with us. Armistice may also pursue, for its own account, acquisition opportunities that may be complementary to our business, and as a result, those acquisition opportunities might not be available to us. The interests of Armistice may supersede ours, causing Armistice or their affiliates to compete against us or to pursue opportunities instead of us, for which we have no recourse. Such actions on the part of Armistice and inaction on our part could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 
 Steven Boyd, Armistice s Chief Investment Officer, served on our board of directors from May 2017 until August 8, 2022 and as Chairman of our board of directors from December 14, 2021 until August 8, 2022. Additionally, Keith Maher, Armistice managing director, also served on our board of directors from October 2021 until August 8, 2022. Pursuant to the waiver dated August 11, 2022, Armistice permanently waived its right to appoint up to two directors to our board of directors and right to replace such directors in certain circumstances, including upon resignation or removal of such directors. 
 
 The level of Armistice s ownership of our common stock would result in a limited amount of shares being available to be traded in the market, resulting in reduced liquidity. Certain of the shares owned by Armistice have been registered for resale under the Securities Act. Sales of substantial amounts of shares of our common stock by Armistice in the public market, or the perception that such sales will occur, for any reason, could adversely affect the market price of shares of our common stock and make it difficult for it to raise funds through securities offerings in the future. 
 
 If we are not able to comply with the applicable continued listing requirements or standards of The Nasdaq Stock Market, Nasdaq could delist our common stock. 
 42 

Table of Contents 

Our common stock is currently listed on The Nasdaq Stock Market. In order to maintain that listing, we must satisfy minimum financial and other continued listing requirements and standards, including those regarding director independence and independent committee requirements, minimum stockholders equity, a minimum closing bid price of 1.00 per share, and certain corporate governance requirements. There can be no assurances that we will be able to comply with the applicable listing standards. For example, on March 17, 2022, Nasdaq notified us that we failed the 1.00 minimum bid price requirement. On July 22, 2022 we received written notification from Nasdaq confirming that our common stock had a closing price of 1.00 or greater for the ten consecutive trading dates from July 8 to July 21, 2022 and that as a result we had regained compliance with the minimum bid price requirement. However, there can be no assurance that we will continue to maintain such requirement. 
 
 In the event that our common stock is delisted from The Nasdaq Stock Market and is not eligible for quotation or listing on another market or exchange, trading of our common stock could be conducted only in the over the counter market or on an electronic bulletin board established for unlisted securities such as the Pink Sheets or the OTC Bulletin Board. In such event, it could become more difficult to dispose of, or obtain accurate price quotations for, our common stock, and there would likely also be a reduction in our coverage by securities analysts and the news media, which could cause the price of our common stock to decline further. Also, it may be difficult for us to raise additional capital if we are not listed on a major exchange. 
 
 Such a de listing would also likely have a negative effect on the price of our common stock and would impair your ability to sell or purchase our common stock when you wish to do so. In the event of a de listing, we may take actions to restore our compliance with The Nasdaq Stock Market s listing requirements, but we can provide no assurance that any such action taken by us would allow our common stock to become listed again, stabilize the market price or improve the liquidity of our common stock, prevent our common stock from dropping below The Nasdaq Stock Market minimum bid price requirement or prevent future non compliance with The Nasdaq Stock Market s listing requirements. 
 
 Low trading volume of our common stock on the Nasdaq Capital Market may increase price volatility. 
 
 Our common stock may be subject to price volatility, low trading volume and large spreads in bid and ask prices quoted by market makers. Due to the low volume of shares traded on any trading day, persons buying or selling in relatively small quantities may easily influence prices of our common stock. This low trading volume could also cause the price of our stock to fluctuate greatly, with large percentage changes in price occurring in any trading day session. Holders of our common stock may also not be able to readily liquidate their investment or may be forced to sell at depressed prices due to low trading volume. If large spreads between the bid and ask prices of our common stock exist at the time of a purchase, the stock would have to appreciate substantially on a relative percentage basis for an investor to recoup their investment. No assurance can be given that a higher volume active market in our common stock will develop or be sustained. If a higher volume active market does not develop, holders of our common stock may be unable to readily sell the shares they hold or may not be able to sell their shares at all. 
 
 Sales of a significant number of shares of our common stock in the public markets, or the perception that such sales could occur, could depress the market price of our common stock. 
 
 Sales of a substantial number of shares of our common stock in the public markets could depress the market price of our common stock and impair our ability to raise capital through the sale of additional equity securities. As additional shares of our common stock become available for resale in the public market, and otherwise, the supply of our common stock will increase, which could decrease its price. In addition, some or all of the shares of common stock may be offered from time to time in the open market pursuant to Rule 144, and these sales may have a depressive effect on the market for our shares of common stock. Therefore, we cannot predict the effect that future sales of our common stock would have on the market price of our common stock. 
 
 If securities or industry analysts do not publish research or publish inaccurate or unfavorable research about our business, our securities prices and trading volume could decline. 
 
 The trading market for our securities will depend in part on the research and reports that securities or industry analysts publish about us or our business. We currently have limited, and might not sustain, research coverage by securities and industry analysts. If we do not sustain coverage of ourselves, the trading price for our securities would be negatively impacted. If the securities and industry analysts are unable to predict accurately the cost of advancing our pipeline, that could result in our reported costs being different than expectations, which could negatively affect our stock price. If we do obtain securities or industry analyst coverage and if one or more of the analysts who covers us downgrades our securities or publishes inaccurate or unfavorable research about our business, our securities prices would likely decline. If one or more of these analysts ceases coverage of us or fails to publish reports on us regularly, demand for our securities could decrease, which could cause our securities prices and trading volume to decline. 
 
 43 

Table of Contents 

We have never paid cash dividends on our capital stock, and we do not anticipate paying any cash dividends in the foreseeable future. 
 
 The continued operation and expansion of our business will require substantial funding. We currently intend to retain all of our future earnings, if any, to finance the growth and development of our business. Accordingly, we do not anticipate that we will pay any cash dividends on shares of our common stock for the foreseeable future. Consequently, currently stockholders must rely on sales of their common stock after price appreciation, which may never occur, as the only way to realize any future gains on their investment. Any determination to pay dividends in the future will be at the discretion of our board of directors and will depend upon results of operations, financial condition, contractual restrictions, restrictions imposed by applicable law and other factors our board of directors deems relevant. 
 
 We incur increased costs and obligations as a result of being a public company. 
 
 As a public company, we are required to comply with certain additional corporate governance and financial reporting practices and policies. As a result, due to compliance requirements of the Exchange Act, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Protection Act, the listing requirements of the Nasdaq, and other applicable securities rules and regulations, we have and will continue to incur significant legal, accounting, and other expenses. The Exchange Act requires, among other things, that we file annual, quarterly, and current reports with respect to our business and operating results with the SEC. We are also required to ensure that we have the ability to prepare financial statements and other disclosures that are fully compliant with all SEC reporting requirements on a timely basis. Compliance with these rules and regulations has increased and may continue to increase our legal and financial compliance costs, make some activities more difficult, time-consuming, or costly, and increase demand on our systems and resources. 
 
 Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware will be the sole and exclusive forum for substantially all disputes between us and our stockholders, which could limit our stockholders ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us or our directors, officers or employees. 
 
 Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware will be the exclusive forum for any derivative action or proceeding brought on our behalf; any action asserting a breach of fiduciary duty; any action asserting a claim against us arising pursuant to the DGCL, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation or our bylaws; or any action asserting a claim against us that is governed by the internal affairs doctrine. This choice of forum provision does not preclude or contract the scope of exclusive federal or concurrent jurisdiction for any actions brought under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act. Accordingly, our exclusive forum provision will not relieve us of our duties to comply with the federal securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder, and our stockholders will not be deemed to have waived our compliance with these laws, rules and regulations. 
 
 Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in any of our securities will be deemed to have notice of and consented to these provisions. These exclusive forum provisions may limit a stockholder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum of its choosing for disputes with us or our directors, officers or other employees, which may discourage lawsuits against us and our directors, officers and other employees. 
 
 If a court were to find the choice of forum provision contained in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation to be inapplicable or unenforceable in an action, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such action in other jurisdictions, which could harm our business, results of operations, and financial condition. Even if we are successful in defending against these claims, litigation could result in substantial costs and be a distraction to management and other employees. 
 
 Some provisions of our charter documents and Delaware law may have anti takeover effects that could discourage an acquisition of us by others, even if an acquisition would benefit our stockholders and may prevent attempts by our stockholders to replace or remove our current management. 
 
 Provisions in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and third amended and restated bylaws, as well as provisions of Delaware law, could make it more difficult for a third party to acquire us or increase the cost of acquiring us, even if doing so would benefit our stockholders, or remove our current management. These provisions include: 
 
 Authorizing the issuance of blank check preferred stock, the terms of which we may establish and shares of which we may issue without stockholder approval; 
 Prohibiting cumulative voting in the election of directors, which would otherwise allow for less than a majority of stockholders to elect director candidates; 
 44 

Table of Contents 

Prohibiting stockholder action by written consent, thereby requiring all stockholder actions to be taken at a meeting of our stockholders; 
 Eliminating the ability of stockholders to call a special meeting of stockholders; and 
 Establishing advance notice requirements for nominations for election to the board of directors or for proposing matters that can be acted upon at stockholder meetings. 
 
 These provisions may frustrate or prevent any attempts by our stockholders to replace or remove our current management by making it more difficult for stockholders to replace members of our board of directors, who are responsible for appointing the members of our management. Because we are incorporated in Delaware, we are governed by the provisions of Section 203 of the DGCL which may discourage, delay or prevent someone from acquiring us or merging with us whether or not it is desired by or beneficial to our stockholders. Under the DGCL, a corporation might not, in general, engage in a business combination with any holder of 15 or more of its capital stock unless the holder has held the stock for three years or, among other things, the board of directors approved the transaction. Any provision of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation or third amended and restated bylaws or Delaware law that has the effect of delaying or deterring a change of control could limit the opportunity for our stockholders to receive a premium for their shares of our common stock, and could also affect the price that some investors are willing to pay for our securities. 
 
 General Risk Factors 
 
 In connection with the reporting of our financial condition and results of operations, we are required to make estimates and judgments which involve uncertainties, and any significant differences between our estimates and actual results could have an adverse impact on our financial position, results of operations and cash flows. 
 
 Our discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations are based on our financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States, or GAAP. The preparation of these financial statements requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, expenses and revenues and related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. For example, we estimate returns, wholesaler fees, prompt payment discounts, chargebacks and government rebates. We also estimate clinical trial costs incurred using subject data and information from our CROs. If we underestimate or overestimate these expenses, adjustments to expenses may be necessary in future periods. Any significant differences between our actual results and our estimates and assumptions could negatively impact our financial position, results of operations and cash flows. 
 
 We may be subject to numerous and varying privacy and security laws, and our failure to comply could result in penalties and reputational damage. 
 
 We maintain a large quantity of sensitive information, including confidential business information and information associated with clinical trials. Because of the sensitivity of this information, our privacy and security measures related to such information are very important. Although we have privacy and security measures in place designed to protect sensitive data and our systems, techniques used to obtain unauthorized access or to sabotage systems and data change frequently and often are not recognized until launched against a target. It is also possible that, due to the surreptitious nature of certain data breaches and other incidents, they may remain undetected for an extended period, which may exacerbate harm to the company. We cannot ensure that our privacy and security measures will not be breached or otherwise fail to protect sensitive information or prevent disruption of our operations, including as a result of inadvertent disclosures through technological or human error (including employee or service provider error), malfeasance, hacking, ransomware, social engineering (including phishing schemes), computer viruses, malware, or otherwise. Unauthorized individuals may acquire or obtain unauthorized access to sensitive information. Data breaches, failures of our privacy or security measures, inadvertent disclosures, disruptions of our services, and other incidents could result in serious harm to our reputation, our business might suffer, and we could incur serious liability and other expenses related to litigation (such as damages associated with breach-of-contract claims), penalties for violation of applicable laws or regulations, costly litigation or government investigations, and significant costs for remediation and remediation efforts to prevent future occurrences. The harm associated with these negative results is likely to be exacerbated if the affected information is personally identifiable. 
 
 Like others in our industry, we experience cyber-attacks and other attempts to disrupt or gain unauthorized access to our systems on a regular basis. When we become aware of privacy or security incidents, we work diligently to address them, including by working to terminate unauthorized or inappropriate access and implementing additional measures, training, and providing guidance to end users in order to avoid the reoccurrence and future incidents. Although to date, privacy and security incidents have not been material, they could expose us to significant expense, legal liability, and harm to our reputation, which might result in an adverse impact our operating results. 
 
 45 

Table of Contents 

We are subject to certain laws and regulations governing the privacy and security of personal information, including regulations pertaining to health information. The legislative and regulatory landscape for privacy and data security continues to evolve, and there has been an increasing focus on privacy and data security issues that may affect our business. In the United States, there are numerous federal and state privacy and data security laws and regulations that govern the collection, use, disclosure, and protection of personal information, including federal and state health information privacy laws, federal and state security breach notification laws, and federal and state consumer protection laws. Each of these laws is subject to varying interpretations by courts and government agencies, creating complex compliance issues for us. If we fail to comply with applicable laws and regulations, we could be subject to lawsuits, penalties, or sanctions. The HHS Office for Civil Rights, which enforces HIPAA, remains active in its enforcement of the law. Additionally, state attorneys general may bring civil actions seeking either injunctions or damages in response to violations of HIPAA that threaten the privacy of state residents. Privacy and data security has become an area of emphasis for some state legislatures. For example, the California Privacy Rights Act, the Colorado Privacy Act, and the Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act were all enacted recently and will become operative in 2023. (Some provisions are already operative.) State legislatures may pass additional privacy and data security laws with inconsistent requirements. In addition to the risk associated with enforcement, compliance with and implementation of these evolving laws, rules, and regulations regarding the privacy, security and protection of personal information could result in higher compliance and technology costs for us and present challenges for our business model. 
 
 There are numerous federal and state laws that generally require notice to affected individuals, regulators, and sometimes the media or credit reporting agencies in the event of a data breach impacting personal information. For example, at the federal level, HIPAA Breach Notification Rule mandates notification of breaches affecting protected health information to affected individuals and regulators under conditions set forth in the Rule. Covered entities must report breaches of unsecured protected health information to affected individuals without unreasonable delay, but not to exceed 60 days of discovery of the breach by a covered entity or its agents. Notification must also be made to HHS and, in certain circumstances involving large breaches, to the media. Business Associates must report breaches of unsecured protected health information to covered entities. All states, the District of Columbia, Guam, Puerto Rico, and the Virgin Islands have enacted data breach notification laws. These laws may impose notification obligations in addition to, or inconsistent with, the HIPAA Breach Notification Rule when a data breach implicates protected health information. In that event that we fail to detect or timely report a data breach it may be subject to significant penalties under federal and state law. In the event that we report a data breach as required by federal or state law, federal or state regulators may initiate an investigation into, and/or litigation related to, our privacy or data security practices. Private plaintiffs may also initiate costly class action litigation following a data breach. 
 
 Numerous other countries have, or are developing, laws governing the collection, use, and transmission of personal information. These laws often impose significant compliance obligations. For example, the General Data Protection Regulation GDPR has imposed stringent obligations and restrictions on the ability to collect, analyze, and transfer personal information, including health data from clinical trials and substantial fines for breaches of the data protection rules in the European Economic Area EEA ). To the extent that our activities are or become subject to the GDPR, we may need to devote significant effort and resources to complying with those legal regimes. Any failure to comply with the rules arising from the GDPR could lead to government enforcement actions and significant penalties against us and adversely impact our operating results. If our operations are found to violate GDPR requirements, we may incur substantial fines, have to change our business practices, and face reputational harm, any of which could have an adverse effect on our business. In particular, serious breaches of the GDPR can result in administrative fines of up to 4 of annual worldwide revenues. Fines of up to 2 of annual worldwide revenues can be levied for other specified violations. The validity of data transfer mechanisms remains subject to legal, regulatory, and political developments in both Europe and the United States, such as recent recommendations from the European Data Protection Board, the invalidation of the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield, and potential invalidation of other data transfer mechanisms, which could have a significant adverse impact on our ability to process and transfer personal data outside of the EEA. These developments create some uncertainty, and compliance obligations could cause us to incur costs or harm the operations of our products and services in ways that harm our business. 
 
 Our disclosure controls and procedures might not prevent or detect all errors or acts of fraud. 
 
 We are subject to the periodic reporting requirements of the Exchange Act, the Sarbanes Oxley Act and The Nasdaq Stock Market rules and regulations. The Sarbanes Oxley Act requires, among other things, that we maintain effective disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting. We designed our disclosure controls and procedures to reasonably assure that information we must disclose in reports we file or submit under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to management, and recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the rules and forms of the SEC. We believe that any disclosure controls and procedures or internal controls and procedures, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. We cannot assure, in the future, a material weakness or significant deficiency will not exist or otherwise be discovered. If that were to happen, it could harm our operating results and cause stockholders to lose confidence in our reported financial information. Any such loss of confidence would have a negative effect on the trading price of our securities. 
 46 

Table of Contents 

These inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in decision making can be faulty, and that breakdowns can occur because of simple error or mistake. Additionally, controls can be circumvented by the individual acts of some persons, by collusion of two or more people or by an unauthorized override of the controls. Accordingly, because of the inherent limitations in our control system, misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected. 
 47 

Table of Contents 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. 
 
 None. 

Item 2. Properties. 
 
 Our headquarters are located in Rockville, Maryland, where we occupy approximately 5,000 square feet of administrative office space. The lease expires January 31, 2030. 
 
 The Company also occupies approximately 11,000 square feet of administrative office space in Chesterbrook, Pennsylvania. The lease expires on February 28, 2027. 
 
 We believe that our existing facilities are adequate to meet our current needs, and that suitable spaces will be available in the future on commercially reasonable terms. 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings. 
 
 None. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 
 
 Not applicable. 
 
 48 

Table of Contents 

PART II 

Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 
 
 Market Information 
 
 Our common stock is listed and publicly traded on The Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol AVTX. 
 
 Holders 
 
 As of March 24, 2023, there were approximately 103 holders of record of our common stock. This number does not include beneficial owners whose shares are held by nominees in street name. 
 
 Dividends 
 
 We have never declared or paid cash dividends on our capital stock. We intend to retain all of our available funds and future earnings, if any, to finance the growth and development of our business. We do not intend to pay cash dividends to our stockholders in the foreseeable future. Any future determination related to our dividend policy will be made at the discretion of our board of directors and will depend upon, among other factors, our results of operations, financial condition, capital requirements, contractual restrictions, business prospects and other factors our board of directors may deem relevant. 
 
 Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 
 
 Except for sales of unregistered securities that have been previously reported by the Company in either its quarterly reports on Form 10-Q or current reports on Form 8-K, there were no sales of unregistered securities of the Company during the period covered by this report. 
 
 Equity Compensation Plans 
 
 Information regarding securities authorized for issuance under equity compensation plans as required by Item 12 of this report is incorporated by reference to the information under the sections of the proxy statement captioned Equity Compensation Plan Information and Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management . 
 49 

Table of Contents 

Item 6. Reserved. 

50 

Table of Contents 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 
 The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and related notes included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Some of the information contained in this discussion and analysis or set forth elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including information with respect to our plans and strategy for our business, includes forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. You should review the Risk Factors section in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for a discussion of important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from the results described in or implied by the forward-looking statements contained in the following discussion and analysis. 
 
 Overview 
 
 Avalo Therapeutics, Inc. (the Company, Avalo or we is a clinical stage biotechnology company focused on the treatment of immune dysregulation by developing therapies that target the LIGHT network. 
 
 LIGHT L ymphotoxin-like, exhibits I nducible expression, and competes with HSV G lycoprotein D for H erpesvirus Entry Mediator HVEM ), a receptor expressed by T lymphocytes; also referred to as TNFSF14) is an immunoregulatory cytokine. LIGHT and its signaling receptors, HVEM (TNFRSF14), and lymphotoxin receptor (TNFRSF3), form an immune regulatory network with two co-receptors of herpesvirus entry mediator, checkpoint inhibitor B and T Lymphocyte Attenuator BTLA ), and CD160 (collectively, the LIGHT-signaling network or the LIGHT network ). Accumulating evidence points to the dysregulation of the LIGHT network as a disease-driving mechanism in autoimmune and inflammatory reactions in barrier organs. Therefore, we believe reducing LIGHT levels can moderate immune dysregulation in many acute and chronic inflammatory disorders. We have two drug candidates that modulate the LIGHT-signaling network, AVTX-002, an anti-LIGHT monoclonal antibody mAb in Phase 2, and AVTX-008, a BTLA agonist fusion protein in lead optimization. 
 
 In 2022, we sharpened our strategy to focus on our drug candidates that target dysregulated inflammation via the LIGHT network. We made significant progress advancing our core programs, including our lead development asset, AVTX-002, toward achievement of our next anticipated milestones. Most notably, in the first quarter of 2023, we completed enrollment of the Phase 2 PEAK Trial of evaluating the safety and efficacy of AVTX-002 (anti-LIGHT mAb) in 91 patients with Non-Eosinophilic Asthma NEA and expect to release topline data in the second quarter of 2023. We also identified a lead molecule for AVTX-008 (BTLA agonist fusion protein) and continue to evaluate several immune dysregulation disorders, with a target IND submission in 2024. Additionally, we raised approximately 20 million of funding from out-license and business development activity, which meaningfully improved our financial position and supported the development of our programs. 
 
 In 2023, our focus is continuing to develop our core programs toward their anticipated milestones and raising capital to support the development. In February 2023, we closed an equity financing in which we raised approximately 13.7 million in net proceeds, which will support our ongoing development of key assets in our pipeline. We look forward to completing the Phase 2 PEAK Trial and expect to release topline data in the second quarter of 2023. Upon positive trial results, we are eager to advance AVTX-002 in treating NEA, asthma broadly and other dysregulated inflammatory disease. We also look forward to progressing AVTX-008 towards IND submission. 
 
 Management s primary evaluation of Avalo s success is the ability to progress its programs towards commercialization or opportunistically out-licensing rights to indications or geographies. This success depends on the operational execution of the programs and the ability to secure sufficient funding to support the programs. We believe the ability to achieve the anticipated milestones as presented in the section entitled Business in Item 1 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K represents our most immediate evaluation points. 
 
 Recent Updates 
 
 On February 7, 2023, the Company closed an underwritten public offering of 3,770,000 shares of its common stock and warrants to purchase up to an aggregate 3,770,000 shares of common stock resulting in net proceeds of approximately 13.7 million, after deducting the underwriting discounts and commissions and offering expenses payable by us. The warrants were immediately exercisable at an exercise price of 5.00 per share and are exercisable for one year from the issuance date. 
 
 COVID-19 
 
 We did not experience significant financial impact directly related to the COVID-19 pandemic in either fiscal 2021 or 2022. However, we did experience some disruptions to clinical operations and manufacturing of drug supply for use in clinical trials during those periods, primarily in fiscal 2021. We continue to evaluate the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the industry and our company 
 51 

Table of Contents 

and have concluded that while it is reasonably possible that the virus could have a negative effect on our financial position and results of our operations, the specific impact is not readily determinable as of the date of this filing. Our financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 
 
 2022 Financial Operations Overview 
 
 Net loss for the year ended December 31, 2022 decreased 42.7 million as compared to the prior year and our net cash used in operations decreased by 44.1 million. These decreases were mainly attributable to a 32.0 million decrease in operating expenses driven by significantly reduced research and development expenses (discussed further below) and an 14.1 million increase in license and other revenue from upfront consideration received from out-license and business development transactions executed during the year. 
 
 In 2022, we primarily focused on the progression of our lead development asset, AVTX-002, as opposed to progressing multiple programs in the prior year, contributing to the significant reduction in reduced research and development expenses. Additionally, in 2021, we completed AVTX-002 manufacturing activities in advance of enrolling patients in the PEAK Trial that did not repeat in 2022. We also recognized a 10.0 million upfront license fee in 2021 for the AVTX-002 expanded indication license agreement, thus contributing to the decrease year over year. As a result of the focused pipeline, Avalo executed a cost reduction plan, including reducing its headcount and supporting infrastructure. Selling, general and administrative expenses decreased as a result, however, these decreases were partially offset by severance and stock-based compensation expense from separations during the year. We expect to incur similar operating expenses in early 2023 as we incurred in late 2022. Operating expenses beyond early 2023 are difficult to predict because it will be highly dependent on trial outcomes, potential financings and business development initiatives. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, Avalo had 13.2 million in cash and cash equivalents, representing a 41.4 million decrease compared to December 31, 2021. We raised approximately 20 million through transactions in 2022, while we raised 105 million through debt and equity financings in 2021. Additionally, in 2022, we prepaid 15.0 million under the venture loan and security agreement (the Loan Agreement with Horizon Technology Finance Corporation Horizon and Powerscourt Investments XXV, LP Powerscourt , and together with Horizon, the Lenders ), and our remaining principal payments are 21.2 million as of December 31, 2022. These factors contributed to the decrease in cash and cash equivalents year over year. Subsequent to December 31, 2022, we closed an equity financing in which we raised approximately 13.7 million in net proceeds. We plan to use our current cash on hand along with cash inflows from financing activities and/or business development initiatives to support the ongoing development of our pipeline and supporting general corporate purposes. 
 
 Results of Operations 
 
 Comparison of the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 Product Revenue, net 
 
 Net product revenue was 3.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 4.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease was mainly attributable to a decrease in units sold, which may have been caused by disruptions to the sales channel as a result of the transition of commercial operations from Aytu Biosciences, Inc. Aytu to Avalo in the second half of 2021. 
 
 Avalo s license and supply agreement for Millipred , the Company s sole commercial product, expires on September 30, 2023. Therefore, we expect product revenue to decrease for the year ending December 31, 2023. 
 
 License and Other Revenue 
 
 Avalo recognized 14.7 million of license and other revenue for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 0.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The license revenue recognized in 2022 primarily related to the 14.5 million upfront fees received pursuant to the out-license of AVTX-007 to Apollo AP43 Limited, a wholly owned subsidiary of Apollo Therapeutics Group Limited (collectively, Apollo ). The license revenue recognized in the prior year related to upfront fees received as a result of the out-license and assignment, respectively, of the Company s rights to its non-core neurology pipeline assets, AVTX-301 and AVTX-406. 
 
 Cost of Product Sales 
 
 Cost of product sales were 3.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to 1.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. In the second quarter of 2022, we fully reserved the 1.0 million receivable due from Aytu in December 2024 
 52 

Table of Contents 

pursuant to the transition services agreement, because Aytu disclosed in their Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2022 that substantial doubt existed with respect to their ability to continue as a going concern within one year after the date the financial statements were issued, or May 2023. We recognized the expense in the cost of product sales for the year ended December 31, 2022. We continue to assess collectability of the receivable due from Aytu in December 2024 each reporting period. The remainder of the increase was driven by timing of the fifty percent net profit share with the supplier, which began July 1, 2021. 
 
 Avalo s license and supply agreement for Millipred expires on September 30, 2023. Therefore, we expect cost of product sales to decrease for the year ended December 31, 2023. 
 
 Research and Development Expenses 
 
 The following table summarizes our research and development expenses for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 (in thousands) Preclinical expenses 2,439 6,673 Clinical expenses 12,030 14,055 CMC expenses 8,087 17,000 License and milestone expenses 10,900 Internal expenses: Salaries, benefits and related costs 7,218 9,114 Stock-based compensation expense 1,249 1,775 Other 285 318 31,308 59,835 
 
 Research and development expenses decreased 28.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. In the first quarter of 2021, the Company recognized a 10.0 million upfront license fee related to the expanded indication license agreement for AVTX-002 with Kyowa Kirin Co., Ltd. KKC ), which did not repeat in 2022. The remaining 18.5 million decrease was driven by the timing of AVTX-002 chemistry, manufacturing, and controls CMC activities and fewer programs ongoing in the current year due to the prioritized pipeline and the out-license of AVTX-007, thus driving the reduced preclinical, clinical and internal expenses. Notably, CMC expenses decreased 8.9 million due to the timing of raw material purchases and increased manufacturing activities in the prior year that did not repeat in 2022. These decreases were partially offset by continued progression of the AVTX-002 PEAK Trial, which reached full enrollment in February 2023. 
 
 Salaries, benefits and related costs decreased 1.9 million compared to the same period in 2021. The decrease was primarily driven by decreased headcount and cost savings initiatives implemented in 2022. 
 
 We expect to incur similar research and development expenses in early 2023 as we incurred in late 2022. Research and development expenses beyond the early 2023 are difficult to predict given it will be highly dependent on study outcomes, potential financings and business development initiatives. 
 
 Selling, General and Administrative Expenses 
 
 The following table summarizes our selling, general and administrative expenses for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: 
 53 

Table of Contents 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 (in thousands) Salaries, benefits and related costs 6,152 5,202 Legal, consulting and other professional expenses 6,611 10,029 Stock-based compensation expense 6,305 6,397 Advertising and marketing expenses 76 1,657 Other 1,567 1,373 20,711 24,658 
 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses decreased 3.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease was largely driven by cost savings initiatives in 2022. Notably legal, consulting and other professional expenses, decreased 3.4 million. Similarly, advertising and marketing expenses decreased 1.6 million from the prior year. 
 
 Salaries, benefits and related costs increased 1.0 million as a result of severance expense recognized in the year ended December 31, 2022. The increase was partially offset by decreased headcount and cost savings initiatives in 2022. Although stock-based compensation expense was consistent compared to the prior year, in 2022 the Company recognized 4.3 million of expense related to the modification and acceleration of certain separated employees stock options. 
 
 We expect to incur similar selling, general and administrative expenses in early 2023 as we incurred in late 2022. However, selling, general and administrative expenses beyond early 2023 are difficult to predict given they will be highly dependent on study outcomes, potential financings and business development initiatives. 
 
 Amortization Expense 
 
 The following table summarizes amortization expense for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 (in thousands) Amortization of intangible assets 38 1,548 
 
 Avalo s acquired assembled workforce and acquired product marketing rights were fully amortized in the first quarter of 2022 and fourth quarter of 2021, respectively, thus driving the 1.5 million decrease as compared to the prior period. 
 
 Other Expense, net 
 
 The following table summarizes our other expense, net for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 (in thousands) Interest expense, net (4,170) (2,391) Other expense, net (20) (20) (4,190) (2,411) 
 
 Other expense, net was comprised of interest expense related to the venture loan and security agreement for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. Avalo entered into the loan agreement in June 2021 and therefore recognized a partial period of interest expense in the prior period, which drove the increase for the year ended December 31, 2022. The increase was partially offset by lower interest expense in the second half of 2023 as a result of the partial prepayment of 15.0 million 14.8 million applied to principal). 
 54 

Table of Contents 

Contractual principal payments begin in the third quarter of 2023 and therefore, we expect interest expense to decrease in the second half of 2023; however, the extent of the decrease is unknown given the contractual interest rate is tied to the prime rate (see Note 10 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information). Therefore, fluctuations in the prime rate will also impact interest expense. Additionally, we might consider prepayments prior to principal loan amounts coming due, if collectively agreed upon with the lenders, which would impact future interest expense. 
 
 Income Tax Expense 
 
 The following table summarizes our income tax expense for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 (in thousands) Income tax expense (benefit) 28 (196) 28 (196) 
 The Company recognized minimal income tax expense for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to an income tax benefit of 0.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The income tax benefit recognized in the prior year was the result of the receipt of the Company s federal refund along with an additional 0.2 million related to additional interest received. 
 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources, including Capital Expenditure and Cash Requirements 
 
 In order to meet its cash flow needs, the Company applies a disciplined decision-making methodology as it evaluates the optimal allocation of the Company resources between investing in its existing pipeline assets and acquisitions or in-licensing of new assets. As of December 31, 2022, Avalo had 13.2 million in cash and cash equivalents. For the year ended December 31, 2022, Avalo generated a net loss of 41.7 million and negative cash flows from operations of 26.8 million. As of December 31, 2022, Avalo had an accumulated deficit of 303.8 million. 
 
 On February 7, 2023, the Company closed an underwritten public offering of 3,770,000 shares of its common stock and warrants to purchase up to an aggregate 3,770,000 shares of common stock resulting in net proceeds of approximately 13.7 million, after deducting the underwriting discounts and commissions and offering expenses payable by us. The warrants were immediately exercisable at an exercise price of 5.00 per share and are exercisable for one year from the issuance date. 
 
 In 2022, Avalo received approximately 19.5 million of upfront payments from business development transactions, including the out-license of AVTX-007 for approximately 14.5 million of upfront consideration. In the second quarter of 2022, the Company made a 15.0 million partial prepayment on the notes issued under the Loan Agreement, as collectively agreed upon with the Lenders. Avalo might consider additional prepayments prior to principal loan amounts coming due, if collectively agreed upon with the Lenders. As of December 31, 2022, the future principal payments were 21.2 million, 5.9 million of which is due in 2023 (beginning in the third quarter). 
 
 The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming the Company will continue as a going concern; however, losses are expected to continue as the Company continues to invest in its research and development pipeline assets. The Company will require additional financing to fund its operations and to continue to execute its business strategy within one year after the date the consolidated financial statements included herein were issued. These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. 
 
 To mitigate these conditions and to meet the Company s capital requirements, management plans to use its current cash on hand along with some combination of the following: (i) financings, (ii) out-licensing or strategic alliances/collaborations of its current pipeline assets, (iii) out-licensing or sale of its non-core assets, and (iv) federal and/or private grants. If the Company raises additional funds through collaborations, strategic alliances or licensing arrangements with third parties, the Company might have to relinquish valuable rights to its technologies, future revenue streams, research programs or product candidates. Subject to limited exceptions, the Loan Agreement prohibits the Company from incurring certain additional indebtedness, making certain asset dispositions, and entering into certain mergers, acquisitions or other business combination transactions without the prior consent of the Lenders. Additionally, the Loan Agreement contains certain covenants and certain other specified events that could result in an event of default, which if not cured or waived, could result in the immediate acceleration of all or a substantial portion of the outstanding Notes. As of the filing date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, the Company was not aware of any breach of covenants or occurrence of material adverse 
 55 

Table of Contents 

change, nor had it received any notice of event of default from the Lenders (refer to Note 10 of the consolidated financial statements for more information). 
 
 If the Company requires but is unable to obtain additional funding, the Company may be forced to make reductions in spending, delay, suspend, reduce or eliminate some or all of its planned research and development programs, or liquidate assets where possible. Due to the uncertainty regarding future financings and other potential options to raise additional funds, management has concluded that substantial doubt exists with respect to the Company s ability to continue as a going concern within one year after the date that the financial statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K were issued. 
 
 Over the long term, the Company s ultimate ability to achieve and maintain profitability will depend on, among other things, the development, regulatory approval, and commercialization of its pipeline assets, and the potential receipt and sale of any priority review vouchers it receives. 
 
 Uses of Liquidity 
 
 The Company uses cash to primarily fund the ongoing development of our research and development pipeline assets and costs associated with its organizational infrastructure. 
 
 Cash Flows 
 
 The following table summarizes our cash flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 (in thousands) Net cash (used in) provided by: Operating activities (26,751) (70,892) Investing activities (95) (113) Financing activities (14,699) 106,762 Net (decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents (41,545) 35,757 
 
 Net cash used in operating activities 
 
 Net cash used in operating activities decreased 44.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to the prior year, which was mainly driven by a 42.7 million decrease in net loss. The decrease in net loss was driven by 32.0 million reduction in operating expenses and an 14.1 million increase in upfront consideration received primarily from the out-license of AVTX-007. 
 
 Net cash used in operating activities in 2022 consisted primarily of a net loss of 41.7 million, and non-cash adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities including stock-based compensation of 7.6 million, accretion of debt discount of 1.4 million, and the full 1.0 million reserve on the Aytu receivable due from Aytu in December 2024. Additionally, changes in net liabilities increased by 4.8 million. The increase was mainly driven by the 4.8 million derivative liability recognized as a result of the sale of the Company s future rights to milestones and royalty payments of previously out-licensed assets, 1.8 million decrease in other receivables related to the receipt of cash from Aytu, 1.1 million decrease in prepaid expenses and 1.1 million decrease in accounts receivable partially offset by a 3.6 million decrease in accrued expenses. We expect that we will continue to use significant cash in operating activities as we advance our pipeline. 
 
 Net cash used in operating activities was 70.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, and consisted primarily of a net loss of 84.4 million and non-cash adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities including in stock-based compensation of 8.2 million. Additionally, changes in net liabilities increased by 2.8 million. 
 
 Net cash used in investing activities 
 
 Net cash used in investing activities was 0.1 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, and consisted primarily of the purchase of property and equipment. 
 
 Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities 
 56 

Table of Contents 

Net cash used in financing activities was 14.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, as opposed to net cash provided by financing activities of 106.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. In 2022, Avalo prepaid 15.0 million under its Loan Agreement (of which 14.8 million was applied to principal) while in 2021, Avalo raised approximately 104.9 million from equity and debt financings. 
 
 Critical Accounting Estimates and Assumptions 
 
 In preparing the financial statements, the Company makes estimates and assumptions that have an impact on assets, liabilities, revenue and expenses reported. These estimates can also affect supplemental information disclosed by us, including information about contingencies, risk and financial condition. The Company believes, given current facts and circumstances, our estimates and assumptions are reasonable, adhere to GAAP and are consistently applied. Inherent in the nature of an estimate or assumption is the fact that actual results may differ from estimates, and estimates may vary as new facts and circumstances arise. 
 
 While our significant accounting policies are more fully described in Note 2 to the audited consolidated financial statements appearing at the end of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, we believe the following accounting policy is critical to the understanding of our financial condition and results. 
 
 Stock-Based Compensation 
 
 The Company applies the provisions of ASC 718, Compensation Stock Compensation, which requires the measurement and recognition of compensation expense for all stock based awards made to employees, including employee stock options, in the statements of operations and comprehensive loss. 
 
 For stock options issued to employees and members of the board of directors for their services, the Company estimates the grant date fair value of each option using the Black Scholes option pricing model. The use of the Black Scholes option pricing model requires management to make assumptions with respect to the expected term of the option, the expected volatility of the common stock consistent with the expected life of the option, risk free interest rates and expected dividend yields of the common stock. Additionally, the stock price on the date of grant is utilized in the Black-Scholes option pricing model. For awards subject to service based vesting conditions, including those with a graded vesting schedule, the Company recognizes stock based compensation expense equal to the grant date fair value of stock options on a straight line basis over the requisite service period, which is generally the vesting term. Forfeitures are recorded as they are incurred as opposed to being estimated at the time of grant and revised. 
 
 The assumptions we used to determine the fair value of stock options granted to employees and members of the board of directors are as follows: 
 Year Ended December 31, Service-based options 2022 2021 Expected term of options (in years) 5 6.25 0.76 6.25 Expected stock price volatility 84.0 93.5 73.0 86.5 Risk-free interest rate 1.50 4.25 0.07 1.34 Expected annual dividend yield 0 0 
 
 The estimates involved in the valuations include inherent uncertainties and the application of our judgment. As a result, if factors change and we use significantly different assumptions or estimates when valuing our stock options, our stock based compensation expense could be materially different. We recognize compensation expense for only the portion of awards that are expected to vest. 
 
 Derivative Liability 
 
 On November 7, 2022, Avalo sold its economic rights to future milestone and royalty payments for previously out-licensed assets AVTX-501, AVTX-007, and AVTX-611 to ES Therapeutics, LLC ES ), an affiliate of Armistice, in exchange for 5.0 million (the ES Transaction ). Armistice is a significant stockholder of the Company and whose chief investment officer, Steven Boyd, and managing director, Keith Maher, served on Avalo s Board until August 8, 2022. The ES Transaction was approved in accordance with Avalo s related party transaction policy. 
 
 The economic rights sold include (a) rights to a milestone payment of 20.0 million upon the filing and acceptance of an NDA for AVTX-501 pursuant to an agreement with Janssen Pharmaceutics, Inc., (the AVTX-501 Milestone and (b) rights to any future 
 57 

Table of Contents 

milestone payments and royalties relating to AVTX-007 under a license agreement with Apollo AP43 Limited, including up to 6.25 million of development milestones, up to 67.5 million in sales-based milestones, and royalty payments of a low single digit percentage of annual net sales (which percentage increases to another low single digit percentage if annual net sales exceed a specified threshold) (the AVTX-007 Milestones and Royalties ). In addition, Avalo waived all its rights to AVTX-611 sales-based payments of up to 20.0 million that were payable by ES (refer to Note 3 of the consolidated financial statements). 
 
 The exchange of the economic rights of the AVTX-501 Milestone and AVTX-007 Milestones and Royalties for cash meets the definition of a derivative instrument. The fair value of the derivative liability is determined using a combination of a scenario-based method and an option pricing method (implemented using a Monte Carlo simulation). The significant inputs including probabilities of success, expected timing, and forecasted sales as well as market-based inputs for volatility, risk-adjusted discount rates and allowance for counterparty credit risk are unobservable and based on the best information available to Avalo. Certain information used in the valuation is inherently limited in nature and could differ from Janssen and Apollo s internal estimates. 
 
 The fair value of the derivative liability as of the transaction date was approximately 4.8 million, of which 3.5 million was attributable to the AVTX-501 Milestone and 1.3 million was attributable to the AVX-007 Milestones and Royalties. The fair value of the AVTX-501 Milestone was primarily driven by an approximate 23 probability of success to reach the milestone in approximately 5 years. The fair value of AVTX-007 Milestones and Royalties were primarily driven by an approximate 17 probability of success, time to commercialization of 6 years, and sales forecasts with peak annual net sales reaching 300 million. As discussed above, these unobservable inputs were estimated by Avalo based on limited publicly available information and therefore could differ from Janssen and Apollo s internal development plans. Any changes to these inputs may result in significant changes to the fair value measurement. Notably, the probability of success is the largest driver of the fair value and therefore changes to such input would likely result in significant changes to such fair value. 
 
 Subsequent to the transaction date, at each reporting period, the derivative liability is remeasured at fair value with changes recognized in other income (expense), net in the accompanying statements of operations and comprehensive loss. There was no change in the fair value as of December 31, 2022 given no significant changes to the inputs and the short time period elapsed. The Company will re-assess the significant unobservable inputs each reporting period. 
 
 In the event that Janssen and/or Apollo are required to make payment(s) to ES Therapeutics pursuant to the underlying agreements, Avalo will recognize revenue under its existing contracts with those customers for that amount when it is no longer probable there would be a significant revenue reversal with any differences between the fair value of the derivative liability related to that payment immediately prior to the revenue recognition and revenue recognized to be recorded as other expense. However, given Avalo is no longer entitled to collect these payments, the potential ultimate settlement of the payments in the future from Janssen and/or Apollo to ES Therapeutics (and the future mark-to-market activity each reporting period) will not impact Avalo s future cash flows. 
 
 Off Balance Sheet Arrangements 
 
 The Company does not have any off balance sheet arrangements, as defined by applicable SEC rules and regulations. 
 
 Recently Adopted Accounting Pronouncements 
 
 For a discussion of new accounting standards please see Note 2 to consolidated financial statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 58 

Table of Contents 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 
 
 As a smaller reporting company, we are not required to provide the information required by this Item. 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 
 
 The consolidated financial statements required to be filed pursuant to this Item 8 are appended to this report. An index of those consolidated financial statements is found in Item 15 of Part IV of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 
 
 None. 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. 
 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 
 Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act, as of the end of the period covered by this report. 
 
 In designing and evaluating our disclosure controls and procedures, management recognizes that any disclosure controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives. In addition, the design of disclosure controls and procedures must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints and that management is required to apply its judgment in evaluating the benefits of possible controls and procedures relative to their costs. 
 
 Based on their evaluation, our principal executive officer and principal financial officer concluded that as of December 31, 2022, our disclosure controls and procedures are designed to, and are effective to, provide assurance at a reasonable level that the information we are required to disclose in reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in SEC rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 Management's Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 Our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act). Internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with GAAP. Our internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that: (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of our assets; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP, and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of our management and directors; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on the Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 Framework). Based on this evaluation under the 2013 Framework, our principal executive officer and principal financial officer have concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective at a reasonable level of assurance as of December 31, 2022. 
 Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 59 

Table of Contents 

There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting identified in management s evaluation pursuant to Rules 13a-15(d) or 15d-15(d) of the Exchange Act during the most recently completed fiscal quarter that materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Attestation Report of Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K does not include an attestation report of our independent registered public accounting firm due to an exclusion for smaller reporting companies. 

Item 9B. Other Information. 
 
 None. 

Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspection. 
 
 Not applicable. 
 60 

Table of Contents 

PART III 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 

BOARD OF DIRECTORS 
 
 The Board currently consists of five members, each of which serve for a one-year term or until a successor has been elected and qualified. Vacancies on the Board may be filled only by persons elected by a majority of the remaining directors in office. A director elected by the Board to fill a vacancy, including vacancies created by an increase in the number of directors, shall serve for the remainder of the year term and until the director s successor is duly elected and qualified. 
 
 The following table sets forth information of the members of our Board: 
 
 Name 
 Age 
 Director Since 
 Position(s) with Avalo 
 Garry Neil, M.D. 
 69 June 2022 
 Chairman of the Board of Directors, President, Chief Executive Officer 
 June Almenoff, M.D., Ph.D. 
 66 November 2021 
 Director 
 Mitchell Chan 
 42 December 2021 
 Director 
 Gilla Kaplan, Ph.D. 76 October 2020 Director 
 Magnus Persson, M.D., Ph.D. 
 62 April 2012 
 Director 

The following is a brief biography of each current director: 
 
 Garry Neil, M.D. Dr. Neil has served as the President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company since February 2022. Dr. Neil was appointed to our Board on June 14, 2022 and was appointed Chairman of our Board on August 8, 2022. From March 2020 to February 2022, Dr. Neil served as the Chief Scientific Officer of Avalo. Dr. Neil joined the Company as Chief Medical Officer in February 2020, when Aevi Genomic Medicine, Inc. Aevi was acquired by the Company (the Aevi Merger ). Dr. Neil served as Chief Scientific Officer of Aevi from September 2013 until the Aevi Merger closed in February 2020. From September 2012 to September 2013, Dr. Neil was a Partner at Apple Tree Partners, a life sciences private equity fund. From July 2002 to August 2012, he held a number of senior positions at Johnson Johnson, including Corporate VP of Science Technology from November 2007 to August 2012, and Group President at Johnson Johnson Pharmaceutical Research and Development from September 2005 to November 2007. Prior to joining Johnson Johnson, he held senior positions at AstraZeneca, EMD Pharmaceuticals Inc. and Merck KGaA. Under his leadership, a number of important new medicines for the treatment of cancer, anemia, infections, central nervous system and psychiatric disorders, pain, and genitourinary and gastrointestinal diseases gained initial or expanded approvals. Dr. Neil also serves on the board of Celldex Therapeutics, Inc.(Nasdaq: CLDX). Dr. Neil served on the board of directors of Arena Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (Nasdaq: ARNA) until it was acquired by Pfizer Inc. (NYSE: PFE) in March 2022. Dr. Neil previously served as a member of the board of directors of GTx, Inc. (previously Nasdaq: GTXI). Dr. Neil also serves on the Board of Directors of the Reagan Udall Foundation and the Center for Discovery and Innovation. He is a past Chairman of the Pharmaceutical Research and Manufacturers Association PhRMA Science and Regulatory Executive Committee and the PhRMA Foundation Board, as well as a past member of the Foundation for the U.S. National Institutes of Health NIH and the Science Management Review Board of the NIH. Dr. Neil holds a B.S. from the University of Saskatchewan and an M.D. from the University of Saskatchewan College of Medicine. He completed postdoctoral clinical training in internal medicine and gastroenterology at the University of Toronto. Dr. Neil also completed a postdoctoral research fellowship at the Research Institute of Scripps Clinic. Our Board believes that Dr. Neil s wealth of scientific and medical training combined with his substantial leadership skills and board experience will make him a valuable member of our Board. 
 
 June Almenoff, M.D., Ph.D. Dr. Almenoff has served on our Board since November 2021. Dr. Almenoff is currently the Chief Medical Officer at RedHill Biopharma Ltd (Nasdaq: RDHL), a specialty biopharmaceutical company, primarily focused on the commercialization of products for gastrointestinal and infectious diseases. From March 2010 to October 2014, Dr. Almenoff served as President and Chief Medical Officer and a member of the board of directors of Furiex Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (previously Nasdaq: FURX) Furiex ), a drug development collaboration company that was acquired by Actavis plc (now AbbVie, Inc.) for 1.2 billion in July 2014. Prior to joining Furiex, Dr. Almenoff was at GlaxoSmithKline plc (NYSE: GSK) for twelve years, where she held various positions of increasing responsibility, including most recently Vice President in the Clinical Safety organization. She also worked in the area of scientific licensing. Dr. Almenoff is on the investment advisory board of the Harrington Discovery Institute, a private venture philanthropy. She has served as a Board Director to Brainstorm Therapeutics, Inc. (Nasdaq: BCLI) since 2017 and Tenax Therapeutics, Inc. (Nasdaq: TENX) since 2021. She previously served as a member of the board of directors of Tigenix NV (acquired 
 61 

Table of Contents 

by Takeda Pharmaceutical Company Limited in August 2018) from 2016 to 2018, Kurome Therapeutics, Inc. from 2020 to 2021, and as chair of the board of directors of RDD Pharma, Ltd. (now 9 Meters Biopharma, Inc.) from 2015 to 2019. Dr. Almenoff received her B.A. cum laude from Smith College and graduated with AOA honors from the M.D.-Ph.D. program at the Icahn (Mt. Sinai) School of Medicine. She completed post-graduate medical training at Stanford University Medical Center and served on the faculty of Duke University School of Medicine. She is an adjunct Professor at Duke, a Fellow of the American College of Physicians (FACP) and has authored over 60 publications. Our Board believes that Dr. Almenoff s close to 25 years of leadership experience as a biopharma executive, her expertise in research and development, as well as her experience with biotech boards, venture philanthropy investment, and product commercialization makes her a valuable member of our Board. 
 
 Mitchell Chan. Mr. Chan has served on our Board since December 2021. Mr. Chan is currently the Operating Partner at Catalio Capital Management, LP, a venture capital fund focused on investments in biomedical technology companies. From September 2018 to March 2021, Mr. Chan was at Viela Bio, Inc. Viela ), a clinical-stage biotechnology company, and most recently served as the Chief Financial Officer and oversaw the acquisition of Viela by Horizon Therapeutics plc for 3.1 billion. Prior to Viela, Mr. Chan served as the Director of Investor Relations for AstraZeneca, North America (Nasdaq: AZN), a multinational pharmaceutical and biotechnology company. Mr. Chan also held several roles of increasing responsibility within the Roche Group, at Genetech and F. Hoffmann-La Roche AG, including in biooncology commercial finance, research and development finance, and mergers and acquisitions. Mr. Chan is the recipient of Executive Certifications from Stanford University, University of California (Haas), and University of Pennsylvania (Wharton) and earned his B.S. in Biochemistry, M.S. in Medial Biophysics, and MBA from the University of Toronto (Rotman School of Management). Our Board believes that Mr. Chan s more than 15 years of leadership experience in the finance and investor relation functions at successful life science companies makes him a valuable member of our Board. 
 
 Gilla Kaplan, Ph.D. Dr. Kaplan has served on our Board since October 2020. She has spent her career as an academic research scientist leading her laboratory in investigations focusing on human disease, and exploring novel experimental medicine approaches that modulate the immune response for disease control. Dr. Kaplan s work has encompassed developing a deep understanding of the cellular immune response and how to harness it for host adjunctive therapies. She is the co-founder and currently serves as the Chief Research Officer of Gilrose Pharmaceuticals. She was the Director of the Global Health Program, Tuberculosis, at the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation BMGF from January 2014 until April 2018. Building on her 20-year research experience at Rockefeller University in New York City and then 10-year research experience at the Public Health Research Institute Center at the University of Medicine and Dentistry of New Jersey, she led the reshaping of the tuberculosis program at BMGF. Dr. Kaplan is the recipient of multiple grants from the U.S. National Institutes of Health-National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases and other funding organizations for her research. Dr. Kaplan currently serves as a member of the board of directors of Tyra Biosciences, Inc. (Nasdaq: TYRA) and previously served as a member of the board of directors of Celgene Corporation (previously Nasdaq: CELG). Dr. Kaplan received her B.S. from Hebrew University, Jerusalem, Israel and her M.S. Ph.D. in Cellular Immunology from the University of Tromso, Norway. Our Board believes that Dr. Kaplan s academic and industry experience in immunology makes her a valuable member of Board. 
 
 Magnus Persson, M.D., Ph.D. Dr. Persson has served on our Board since August 2012 and currently serves as Lead Independent Director of the Board. Dr. Persson currently serves as Founding Partner and Chairman of the Board of Eir Venture Partners AB, a Nordics-focused life science venture capital fund, and associated companies. Previously, he was Chief Executive Officer of Karolinska Institutet Holding AB in Stockholm, Sweden. Dr. Persson has served as an Associate Professor in Physiology at the Karolinska Institutet since September 1994. Dr. Persson has served as a practicing pediatrician at CityAkuten and Barnsjukhuset Martina in Stockholm, Sweden since December 2012. Previously, Dr. Persson served as a Partner at HealthCap, a Swedish-based venture capital firm, from January 1996 to December 2009, and as a Managing Partner at The Column Group, a San Francisco-based venture capital firm, from January 2010 through November 2011. Dr. Persson co-founded Aerocrine AB, a medical technology company in 1994. Dr. Persson has also served on the board of directors of Galecto Biotech AB, Gyros Protein Technologies AB, ADDI Medical AB, and Immunicum AB (STO: IMMU). Dr. Persson is a board member of Attgeno AB, Trailhead Biosystems Inc, Cantargia AB (STO: CANTA) and Initiator Pharma AS (STO: INIT). Dr. Persson received his M.D. and Ph.D. in physiology from the Karolinska Institutet. Our Board believes that Dr. Persson s extensive experience in medicine, life sciences and biotechnology financing and his experience founding and leading public biotechnology and medical technology companies make him a valuable member of our Board. 

EXECUTIVE OFFICERS 
 
 The following table sets forth information of our executive officers: 
 
 62 

Table of Contents 

Name 
 Age 
 Position(s) with Avalo 
 Garry Neil, M.D. 
 69 Chairman of the Board of Directors, President, Chief Executive Officer 
 Christopher Sullivan 
 39 Chief Financial Officer 

The following is a brief biography of each current executive officer: 
 
 Garry Neil, M.D. The biography for Dr. Neil is located in Board of Directors above. 
 
 Christopher Sullivan. Mr. Sullivan has served as Avalo s Chief Financial Officer since February 2022. Prior to his appointment to Chief Financial Officer, Mr. Sullivan served as Chief Accounting Officer of the Company since March 2021. From April 2020 to February 2021, Mr. Sullivan served as the Company s Interim Chief Financial Officer, principal financial officer, and principal accounting officer. Previously, Mr. Sullivan was the Vice President of Finance at the Company and served various other escalating roles since joining the Company in April 2018. Mr. Sullivan brings a strong public company and life science background, including significant experience with equity and debt capital raises, acquisitions, divestitures, in and out-license transactions, enterprise resource planning implementations, and financial planning and analysis from leading finance and accounting functions at various public biotechnology, molecular diagnostic, and pharmaceutical companies. Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Sullivan was the Corporate Controller for Sucampo Pharmaceuticals, Inc., a previously Nasdaq listed global biopharmaceutical company, from August 2017 to April 2018, until it was acquired by Mallinckrodt plc for 1.2 billion. From November 2015 to August 2017, Mr. Sullivan was the Corporate Controller for OpGen Inc. (Nasdaq: OPGN), a microbial genetics analysis company, and prior to that was a Senior Manager at Ernst Young, LLP where he was employed from August 2005 to October 2015. Mr. Sullivan received his B.S. degrees in and Finance and Accounting from the University of Maryland, College Park, where he graduated magna cum laude and is a Certified Public Accountant. 

CODE OF ETHICS 
 
 The Company has adopted the Avalo Therapeutics, Inc. Code of Business Conduct and Ethics that applies to all officers, directors and employees. The Code of Business Conduct and Ethics is available under the heading Corporate Governance on the Company s website at ir.avalotx.com . If the Company makes any substantive amendments to the Code of Business Conduct and Ethics or grants any waiver from a provision of the Code to any executive officer or director, the Company will promptly disclose the nature of the amendment or waiver on its website. 

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE GUIDELINES 
 
 In June 2015, the Board documented the governance practices followed by the Company by adopting Corporate Governance Guidelines (the Guidelines to assure that the Board will have the necessary authority and practices in place to review and evaluate the Company s business operations as needed and to make decisions that are independent of the Company s management. The Guidelines were amended by the Board in August 2019. 
 
 The Guidelines are also intended to align the interests of directors and management with those of the Company s stockholders. The Guidelines set forth the practices the Board intends to follow with respect to Board composition and selection, the role of the Board, director orientation and education, Board meetings and involvement of senior management, Chief Executive Officer performance evaluation and succession planning and Board committees and compensation. The Guidelines, as well as the charters for each committee of the Board, may be viewed under the heading Corporate Governance at ir.avalotx.com . 
 
 Additionally, our insider trading policy strongly discourages employees, consultants, officers and directors from engaging in short sales, transactions in put or call options, hedging transactions, margin accounts or other inherently speculative transactions with respect to the Company s stock at any time. 

Audit Committee and Audit Committee Financial Expert 
 
 The Audit Committee assists the Board in its oversight of the integrity of the Company s financial statements, the qualifications and independence of our independent auditors, and our internal financial and accounting controls. The Audit Committee has direct responsibility for the appointment, compensation, retention (including termination) and oversight of our independent auditors, and our independent auditors report directly to the Audit Committee. The Audit Committee also prepares the audit committee report that the SEC requires to be included in our annual proxy statement. 
 63 

Table of Contents 

The Audit Committee is currently composed of three directors: Mr. Chan (Chair), Dr. Almenoff and Dr. Persson. 
 
 The Board reviews the Nasdaq Listing Rules definition of independence for Audit Committee members on an annual basis and has determined that all members of the Audit Committee are independent as defined in Rule 5605(c)(2)(A)(i) of the Nasdaq Listing Rules. The Board has also determined that Mr. Chan qualifies as an audit committee financial expert, as defined in applicable SEC rules. The Board made qualitative assessments of Mr. Chan s level of knowledge and experience based on a number of factors, including formal education and experience. 
 
 The Audit Committee met four times during 2022. The Board has adopted a written Audit Committee charter that is available to stockholders under the heading Corporate Governance on the Company s website at ir.avalotx.com . 
 
 SECTION 16(A) BENEFICIAL OWNERSHIP REPORTING COMPLIANCE 
 
 Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act requires the Company s directors and executive officers, and persons who own more than ten percent of a registered class of the Company s equity securities, to file with the SEC initial reports of ownership and reports of changes in ownership of common stock and other equity securities of the Company. Officers, directors and greater than ten percent stockholders are required by SEC regulation to furnish the Company with copies of all Section 16(a) forms they file. 
 
 To the Company s knowledge, based solely on the review of the copies of such reports filed with the SEC and/or furnished to the Company and written representations from the Company s directors and executive officers that no other reports were required, during the year ended December 31, 2022, all officers, directors and greater than ten percent beneficial owners were in compliance with applicable Section 16(a) filing requirements. 

Item 11. Executive Compensation. 
 
 The following table shows for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, compensation awarded to or paid to, or earned by, anyone serving as principal executive officer during the most recently completed fiscal year and our next two most highly compensated executive officers who were serving as executive officers during the year ended December 31, 2022 (the Named Executive Officers ). 
 Name and Principal Position 
 Year 
 Salary 
 Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation (3) 
 Option Awards (4) 
 All Other Compensation Total 
 Garry Neil, M.D. 
 Chief Executive Officer, President, Chairman of the Board and principal executive officer 
 2022 468,900 133,000 730,928 1,332,828 2021 423,000 239,587 571,484 1,234,071 Christopher Sullivan Chief Financial Officer and principal financial officer 
 2022 344,135 72,800 301,614 50,000 (6) 768,549 2021 300,000 85,860 241,782 627,642 Michael Cola (1) 
 Former Chief Executive Officer and former principal executive officer 
 2022 62,500 17,260 865,657 (7) 945,417 2021 35,568 325,500 2,332,743 2,693,811 Stephen Smolinski (2) Former Chief Commercial Officer 
 2022 74,242 11,573 489,947 (5) 415,117 (8) 990,879 2021 
 
 (1) Mr. Cola s employment with the Company commenced on February 3, 2020 and ceased on February 14, 2022. 
 
 (2) Mr. Smolinski s employment with the Company commenced on January 3, 2022 and ceased on March 7, 2022. 
 
 64 

Table of Contents 

(3) The amounts reflect the discretionary annual bonus earned for the given fiscal year based on the achievement of goals as recommended by the Compensation Committee and approved by the Board. The bonus is typically paid in the year following the year it was earned. 
 
 (4) The amounts reflect the grant date fair value for option awards granted during 2022 and 2021, respectively, in accordance with FASB Topic ASC 718, excluding the estimate of forfeitures. The assumptions used in valuing these options are described in the Notes 12 to our consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2022. Compensation will only be realized to the extent the market price of our common stock is greater than the exercise price of such option award. 
 
 (5) Represents the grant date fair value of Mr. Smolinski s stock option award granted on January 3, 2022 to purchase 33,334 shares of Avalo common stock. One-fourth of the shares underlying the stock option would have vested and become exercisable on the first anniversary of the grant date, and the remaining three-fourths were set to vest in equal monthly installments over the following 36 months, subject to Mr. Smolinski s continuous service to the Company. Pursuant to Mr. Smolinski s separation agreement effective March 7, 2022, his unvested options that would have vested in the twelve (12) months following his termination date immediately vested and became exercisable. These options, which were subject to Avalo s standard three (3) month expiration period pursuant to the Company s Third Amended and Restated 2016 Equity Incentive Plan, expired on June 5, 2022. 
 
 (6) The amount listed is comprised of 50,000 one-time appointment bonus paid upon the execution of Mr. Sullivan s letter agreement on February 18, 2022, which was entered into in connection with Mr. Sullivan s appointment as Chief Financial Officer. 
 
 (7) The amount listed is comprised of severance earned and unused accrued vacation and COBRA paid to Mr. Cola pursuant to his separation agreement. Mr. Cola s severance provided for continued payment of his base salary for 18 consecutive months, which was earned upon termination effective February 14, 2022 and is payable through August 2023. 
 
 (8) The amount listed is comprised of severance earned and unused accrued vacation and COBRA paid to Mr. Smolinski pursuant to his separation agreement. Mr. Smolinski s severance provided for continued payment of his base salary for 12 months, which was earned upon termination effective March 7, 2022 and is payable through March 2023. 
 
 Narrative to Summary Compensation Table 
 
 We review compensation annually for all employees, including our Named Executive Officers. In setting annual base salaries and bonuses and granting equity incentive awards, we consider (i) compensation for comparable positions in the market, (ii) individual performance as compared to our expectations and objectives, (iii) our desire to motivate our employees to achieve short- and long-term results that are in the best interests of our stockholders, and (iv) a long-term commitment to our Company. 
 
 Our Board historically has determined our executives compensation based on the recommendations of our Compensation Committee, which typically reviews and discusses management s proposed compensation with the Chief Executive Officer for all executives other than the Chief Executive Officer. Based on those discussions and its discretion, the Compensation Committee then recommends the compensation for each executive officer to the Board. Our Board, without members of management present, discusses the Compensation Committee s recommendations and ultimately approves the compensation of our executive officers. 
 
 Annual Base Salary 
 
 We have entered into employment agreements with each of our Named Executive Officers that establish annual base salaries, which are generally determined, approved and reviewed periodically by our Compensation Committee in order to compensate our Named Executive Officers for the satisfactory performance of our duties to our Company. Annual base salaries are intended to provide a fixed component of compensation to our Named Executive Officers, reflecting their skill sets, experience, roles and responsibilities. Base salaries for our Named Executive Officers have generally been set at levels deemed necessary to attract and retain individuals with superior talent. The following table presents the annual base salaries for each of our Named Executive Officers for 2022, as determined by the Compensation Committee. 
 
 65 

Table of Contents 

Name 
 2022 Base Salary 
 Garry Neil, M.D. 
 475,000 Christopher Sullivan 350,000 Michael Cola (1) 
 500,000 Stephen Smolinski (2) 
 400,000 
 
 (1) Mr. Cola s employment with the Company commenced on February 3, 2020 and ceased on February 14, 2022. The base salary above assumes he was employed for the entirety of 2022. 
 (2) Mr. Smolinski s employment with the Company commenced on January 3, 2022 and ceased on March 7, 2022. The base salary above assumes he was employed for the entirety of 2022. 
 
 Annual Bonus 
 
 Our discretionary bonus plan motivates and rewards our Named Executive Officers for achievements relative to our goals and expectations for each fiscal year. Our Named Executive Officers are eligible to receive discretionary annual bonuses calculated as a target percentage of their annual base salaries, based on our Compensation Committee and Board s assessment of their individual performance and our Company s results of operations and financial condition. As recommended by the Compensation Committee and approved by the Board, our Named Executive Officers will receive a bonus relative to achievement of goals for fiscal year 2022 provided they are employed on the date such annual bonus is paid. 
 
 Pursuant to their respective separation agreements, Mr. Cola and Mr. Smolinski are eligible to receive their earned 2022 annual bonus based on the achievement of the Company s goals as recommended by the Compensation Committee and approved by the Board, paid on a prorated basis to reflect the days worked by the executive for the Company in 2022. 
 
 Equity-Based Awards 
 
 Our equity-based incentive awards are designed to align our interests with those of our employees and consultants, including our Named Executive Officers. Our Compensation Committee is generally responsible for approving equity grants. Vesting of equity awards is generally tied to continuous service with the Company and serves as an additional retention measure. Our executives are typically awarded an initial grant upon commencement of employment and an annual grant each year. Additional grants may occur periodically in order to specifically incentivize executives. 
 In April 2016, the Board adopted the 2016 Equity Incentive Plan, which was approved by our stockholders in May 2016 and which was subsequently amended and restated in May 2018 and most recently in August 2019 with the approval of our Board of Directors and stockholders (the 2016 Third Amended Plan ). 
 The purpose of the 2016 Third Amended Plan is to attract and retain employees, non-employee directors and consultants, and advisors. Our 2016 Third Amended Plan authorizes us to make grants to eligible recipients of non-qualified stock options, incentive stock options, restricted stock awards, restricted stock units and stock-based awards. 
 
 Other Compensation 
 
 Our Named Executive Officers did not participate in, or otherwise receive any benefits under, any pension or deferred compensation plan sponsored by the Company during fiscal year 2022 or fiscal year 2021. We generally do not provide perquisites or personal benefits to our Named Executive Officers. 
 
 Employment Agreements and Potential Payments Upon Certain Events 
 
 Garry Neil, M.D. 
 
 In connection with Dr. Neil s appointment as President and Chief Executive Officer, the Company and Dr. Neil entered into a letter agreement dated February 18, 2022 (the Neil Letter Agreement ), which modified his previously filed employment agreement dated January 30, 2020 (collectively with the Neil Letter Agreement, the Neil Employment Agreement ). Pursuant to the Neil Letter Agreement, Dr. Neil s base salary was increased to 475,000 per year, subject to review and adjustment by the Board from time to time, and he is eligible to receive a discretionary annual bonus as determined by the Board or the Compensation Committee of the 
 66 

Table of Contents 

Board, in its sole discretion, with a target amount of up to seventy percent (70 of his base salary, and conditioned on Dr. Neil being employed by the Company on the applicable bonus payment date. Such annual discretionary bonus may be paid, in Dr. Neil s discretion, in the form of cash or equity award (which equity award, if elected, will be immediately vested), consistent with bonuses paid to executives of similar grade at similarly situated companies in the biotechnology industry, subject to corporate and individual performance. Pursuant to the Neil Letter Agreement, Dr. Neil was also granted a stock option on March 8, 2022 to purchase 83,334 shares of the Company s common stock, vesting over four years, with a 12-month cliff, such that the first 25 vested on the first anniversary of such grant, and the remainder will vest in equal monthly installments over the following three years, in each case, subject to continued employment with the Company through the applicable vesting date. Dr. Neil is also eligible to participate in the Company s other employee benefit plans as in effect from time to time on the same basis as are generally made available to the Company s other senior executives. 
 
 Pursuant to the Neil Employment Agreement, Dr. Neil was granted an inducement grant of non-qualified stock options in accordance with Nasdaq Listing Rule 5635(c)(4) to purchase 66,667 shares of common stock. The inducement option grant will vest over four years, with the first 25 of such options vesting on the grant date s first anniversary, and the remainder vesting in equal monthly installments, provided that Dr. Neil remains an employee of the Company as of each such vesting date. 
 
 Dr. Neil s employment agreement prohibits the disclosure or use of any proprietary or confidential information obtained by him as a result of his employment with the Company. Dr. Neil is obligated not to compete with the Company during his employment and for a period of one year following his termination of employment with the Company. In addition, his employment agreement contains restrictions related to the solicitation of, and interference with, customers, vendors and employees of the Company for a period of one year following termination of employment. 
 
 Payments Upon Termination or Change in Control 
 
 Pursuant to the Neil Letter Agreement, if Dr. Neil s employment is terminated by the Company without Cause or by Dr. Neil for Good Reason (each as defined in his Employment Agreement), in each case subject to each of him timely entering into and not revoking a general release of claims in a form acceptable to the Company, Dr. Neil will be eligible to receive: 
 (i) certain Accrued Benefits (as defined in his Employment Agreement); 
 (ii) earned but unpaid bonus for the fiscal year preceding the year in which such termination occurs, based upon the achievement of Company goals as determined by the Compensation Committee of the Board, payable when such annual bonuses are paid to other executive employees of the Company; 
 (iii) continued payment of his base salary as in effect immediately prior to his termination for eighteen consecutive months following such termination; 
 (iv) the annual bonus earned in the year in which the termination occurs, based upon the achievement of Company goals as determined by the Compensation Committee of the Board, prorated to reflect completed days of employment during such year, payable when such annual bonuses are paid to other executive employees of the Company; 
 (v) full vesting of options awarded by the Company, in which each will have twelve months from the date of his termination in which to exercise his options; and 
 (vi) if he timely elects and remains eligible for continued coverage under federal COBRA law or, if applicable, state insurance laws, the Company will pay Dr. Neil s COBRA or state continuation health insurance premiums until the earliest of (x) the twelve-month anniversary of his termination, (y) expiration of his continuation coverage under COBRA, or (z) the date when he is eligible for substantially equivalent health insurance, in each case subject to certain specified payment practices. 
 
 If a termination without cause occurs within six months of a change in control (as defined in the Company s 2016 Third Amended Plan), the payments pursuant to clauses (i-iii) shall be made promptly after its closing or his termination, whichever is later. 
 
 Christopher Sullivan 
 
 In connection with Mr. Sullivan s appointment as Chief Financial Officer, the Company and Mr. Sullivan entered into a letter agreement dated February 18, 2022 (the Sullivan Letter Agreement ), which modifies his previously filed employment agreement dated September 26, 2019, as amended by a previously filed letter agreement dated April 23, 2020 (collectively with the Sullivan Letter Agreement, the Sullivan Employment Agreement ). Pursuant to the Sullivan Letter Agreement, Mr. Sullivan s base salary was increased to 350,000 per year, subject to review and adjustment by the Board from time to time, and he is eligible to receive a discretionary annual bonus as determined by the Board or the Compensation Committee of the Board, in its sole discretion, with a target amount of up to forty percent (40 of his base salary, and conditioned on Mr. Sullivan being employed by the Company on the applicable bonus payment date. Such annual discretionary bonus may be paid, in Mr. Sullivan s discretion, in the form of cash or equity award (which for equity award, if elected, will be immediately vested), consistent with bonuses paid to executives of similar grade at similarly situated companies in the biotechnology industry, subject to corporate and individual performance. Mr. Sullivan received a one-time appointment bonus of 50,000. Pursuant to the Sullivan Letter Agreement, Mr. Sullivan was granted a stock option on March 8, 2022 to purchase 33,334 shares of the Company s common stock, vesting over four years, with a 12-month cliff, such that the first 25 will vest on the first anniversary of such grant, and the remainder will vest in equal monthly installments over 
 67 

Table of Contents 

the following three years, in each case, subject to continued employment with the Company through the applicable vesting date. Mr. Sullivan is also eligible to participate in the Company s other employee benefit plans as in effect from time to time on the same basis as are generally made available to the Company s other senior executives. 
 
 Mr. Sullivan s employment agreement prohibits the disclosure or use of any proprietary or confidential information obtained by him as a result of his employment with the Company. Mr. Sullivan is obligated not to compete with the Company during his employment and for a period of six months following his termination of employment with the Company. In addition, his employment agreement contains restrictions related to the solicitation of, and interference with, customers, vendors and employees of the Company for a period of one year following termination of employment. 
 
 Payments Upon Termination or Change in Control 
 
 Pursuant to the Sullivan Letter Agreement, if Mr. Sullivan s employment is terminated by the Company without Cause or by Mr. Sullivan for Good Reason (each as defined in his Employment Agreement), in each case subject to each of him timely entering into and not revoking a general release of claims in a form acceptable to the Company, Mr. Sullivan will be eligible to receive: 
 (i) certain Accrued Benefits (as defined in his Employment Agreement); 
 (ii) earned but unpaid bonus for the fiscal year preceding the year in which such termination occurs, based upon the achievement of Company goals as determined by the Compensation Committee of the Board, payable when such annual bonuses are paid to other executive employees of the Company; 
 (iii) continued payment of his base salary as in effect immediately prior to his termination for twelve consecutive months following such termination; 
 (iv) the annual bonus earned in the year in which the termination occurs, based upon the achievement of Company goals as determined by the Compensation Committee of the Board, prorated to reflect completed days of employment during such year, payable when such annual bonuses are paid to other executive employees of the Company; 
 (v) full vesting of options awarded by the Company, in which each will have twelve months from the date of his termination in which to exercise his options; and 
 (vi) if he timely elects and remains eligible for continued coverage under federal COBRA law or, if applicable, state insurance laws, the Company will pay Dr. Neil s COBRA or state continuation health insurance premiums until the earliest of (x) the twelve-month anniversary of his termination, (y) expiration of his continuation coverage under COBRA, or (z) the date when he is eligible for substantially equivalent health insurance, in each case subject to certain specified payment practices. 
 
 If a termination without cause occurs within six months of a change in control (as defined in the Company s 2016 Third Amended Plan), the payments pursuant to clauses (i)-(iii) shall be made promptly after its closing or your termination, whichever is later. 
 
 Michael Cola 
 
 Mr. Cola, our former Chief Executive Officer who was separated from the Company on February 14, 2022, initially entered into an employment agreement with the Company effective February 3, 2020 to serve as the Chief Executive Officer with an annual base salary of 450,000, subject to review and adjustment by the Board from time to time. On March 11, 2020, Mr. Cola and the Company entered into an amendment to his employment agreement in which his base salary in cash was reduced to an annual rate of 35,568, which represented the minimum exempt annual salary. In consideration for the Reduction, on a quarterly basis, the Company granted stock options, which vested immediately, for the purchase of a number of shares of the Company s common stock with a total value (based on the Black-Scholes valuation methodology) based on a pro rata total annual value of the foregone salary (the Salary Option ). If the closing stock price per share was below 24.84 on the grant date, then the Salary Option was not granted and instead Mr. Cola received compensation in cash for the given quarter. Pursuant to this agreement, the Company issued Mr. Cola options to purchase an aggregate of 22,130 and 18,808 shares of common stock in 2021 and 2020, respectively. There were no options related to this agreement granted in 2022. Effective January 1, 2021, the Board approved an increase to Mr. Cola s annual base salary to 500,000. 
 
 Mr. Cola was eligible to receive a discretionary annual bonus as determined by our Board or the Compensation Committee, in its sole discretion, with a target amount of up to seventy percent (70 of his base salary, and conditioned on Mr. Cola being employed by the Company on the applicable bonus payment date. Refer to the Payments Upon Termination section below for treatment of Mr. Cola s bonus that would have otherwise been earned in 2022 upon his separation. Such annual discretionary bonus could be paid in the form of cash or equity awards, consistent with bonuses paid to executives of similar grade at similarly situated companies in the biotechnology industry, subject to corporate and individual performance. Mr. Cola was also eligible for a discretionary annual bonus consisting of restricted stock or options at the discretion of the Board or Compensation Committee. Mr. Cola was eligible to participate in the Company s other employee benefit plans as in effect from time to time on the same basis as are generally made available to the Company s other senior executive officers. 
 
 68 

Table of Contents 

The independent directors of the Board approved an inducement grant to Mr. Cola of non-qualified stock options in accordance with Nasdaq Listing Rule 5635(c)(4) to purchase 100,000 shares of the Company s common stock, which was granted on February 3, 2020. The inducement option grant was set to vest over four years, with one-quarter of such options vesting on the first anniversary of the grant date and the remaining three-quarters of the options vesting in monthly installments over the following 36 months, in each case, subject to continued service with the Company through the applicable vesting date. Refer to the Payments Upon Termination section below for treatment of Mr. Cola s equity awards, including this inducement grant, upon his separation. 
 
 Mr. Cola s employment agreement prohibited the disclosure or use of any proprietary or confidential information obtained by him as a result of his employment with the Company. Mr. Cola was obligated not to compete with the Company during his employment and for a period of one year following his termination of employment with the Company. In addition, his employment agreement contained restrictions related to the solicitation of, and interference with, customers, vendors, and employees of the Company for a period of one year following termination of employment. 
 
 Payments Upon Termination 
 
 Mr. Cola served as the Company s Chief Executive Officer effective February 3, 2020, and continued to serve in this role until February 14, 2022. Effective February 14, 2022, the Board terminated the employment of Mr. Cola as Chief Executive Officer. Mr. Cola resigned from the Board effective February 16, 2022. The Company and Mr. Cola entered into a separation and release agreement, which entitles Mr. Cola to certain payments and benefits as described below: 
 
 (i) continued payment of his base salary for 18 consecutive months and any unused and accrued vacation pay; 
 (ii) his earned but unpaid 2021 annual bonus upon the achievement of the Company s goals as determined by the Compensation Committee of the Board, payable when such annual bonuses were paid to the Company s existing personnel; 
 (iii) an annual bonus that would have otherwise been earned in 2022 based on the achievement of the Company s goals as determined by the Compensation Committee of the Board, paid on a prorated basis to reflect the days worked by Mr. Cola for the Company in 2022, payable when such annual bonuses are paid to the Company s existing personnel; 
 (iv) full vesting of options awarded by the Company which shall be exercisable for twelve (12) months following the termination date through February 14, 2023; 
 (v) if he timely elects and remains eligible for continued coverage under COBRA, the COBRA premiums necessary to continue the health insurance coverage in effect for Mr. Cola and his covered dependents prior to the date of termination, until the earliest of (i) the first anniversary of his termination, (ii) expiration of his continuation coverage under COBRA, or (iii) the date when he is eligible for substantially equivalent health insurance, provided, however, the Company has the right to discontinue the payment of the premium and pay Mr. Cola a lump sum amount equal to the current COBRA premium time the number of months remaining in the relevant period if the Company determines that continued payment of the COBRA premiums is discriminatory under Sections 105(h) and 9815(a)(1) of the Internal Revenue Code. 
 
 Stephen Smolinski 
 
 Mr. Smolinski entered into an employment agreement with the Company to serve as its Chief Commercial Officer effective January 3, 2022. The offer letter initially provided for an annual base salary of 400,000. Mr. Smolinski was eligible to receive a discretionary annual bonus as determined by our Board or the Compensation Committee, in its sole discretion, with a target amount of up to forty percent (40 of his base salary, and conditioned on Mr. Smolinski being employed by the Company on the applicable bonus payment date. Refer to the Payments Upon Termination section below for treatment of Mr. Smolinski s bonus that would have otherwise been earned in 2022 upon his separation. Such annual bonus could be paid in the form of cash or equity awards, consistent with the bonuses paid to executives of similar grade at similarly situated companies in the biotechnology industry, subject to corporate and individual performance. Mr. Smolinski was also eligible for a discretionary annual bonus consisting of restricted stock or options at the discretion of the Board or Compensation Committee. 
 
 The independent directors of the approved an inducement option grant of non-qualified stock options in accordance with Nasdaq Listing Rule 5635(c)(4) to Mr. Smolinski to purchase 33,334 shares of common stock, which was granted on January 4, 2022. The inducement option grant would have vested over four years, with the first 25 of such option vesting on the first anniversary of the grant date, and the remainder in vesting in equal monthly installments, provided the Mr. Smolinski remained an employee of the Company as of each such vesting date. Mr. Smolinski was also eligible to participate in the Company s other employee benefit plans in effect from time to time on the same basis as are generally made available to the Company s other senior executives. 
 
 Mr. Smolinski s employment agreement prohibited the disclosure or use of any proprietary or confidential information obtained by him as a result of his employment with the Company. Mr. Smolinski is obligated not to compete with the Company during his employment and for a period of one year following his termination of employment with the Company. In addition, his employment 
 69 

Table of Contents 

agreement contains restrictions related to the solicitation of, and interference with, customers, vendors and employees of the Company for a period of one year following termination of employment. 
 
 Payments Upon Termination 
 
 Mr. Smolinski served as the Company s Chief Commercial Officer effective January 3, 2022, and continued to serve in this role until March 7, 2022. Effective March 7, 2022, the Board terminated the employment of Mr. Smolinski as Chief Commercial Officer. The Company and Mr. Smolinski entered into a separation and release agreement, which entitles Mr. Smolinski to certain payments and benefits as described below: 
 
 (i) twelve (12) months of his base salary as in effect immediately prior to his termination date; 
 (ii) annual bonus that would have otherwise been earned in 2022 based upon the achievement of Company achievements as determined by the Compensation Committee, paid on a prorated basis to reflect the days worked by Mr. Smolinski for the Company in 2022 and paid at the time the 2022 incentive payments are paid to existing Company personnel; 
 (iii) all unvested options granted that are subject to time-based vesting that would have otherwise vested in the twelve (12) months following the termination date will vest and become immediately exercisable 
 (iv) if he timely elects and remains eligible for continued coverage under COBRA, the COBRA premiums necessary to continue the health insurance coverage in effect for Mr. Smolinski, until the earliest of (i) the first anniversary of his termination, (ii) expiration of his continuation coverage under COBRA, or (iii) the date when he is eligible for substantially equivalent health insurance, provided, however, the Company has the right to discontinue the payment of the premium and pay Mr. Smolinski a lump sum amount equal to the current COBRA premium time the number of months remaining in the relevant period if the Company determines that continued payment of the COBRA premiums is discriminatory under Sections 105(h) and 9815(a)(1) of the Internal Revenue Code. 

OUTSTANDING EQUITY AWARDS AT FISCAL YEAR-END 
 
 The following table shows for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, certain information regarding outstanding equity awards at fiscal year-end for each of the Named Executive Officers. 
 
 70 

Table of Contents 

Name 
 Grant Date 
 Award Type Unexercised Options Exercisable 
 (#) 
 Unexercised Options Unexercisable (#) 
 Option Exercise 
 Price ) 
 Option Expiration Date 
 Garry Neil, M.D. 2/3/2020 Stock Option (1) 
 47,224 19,443 47.76 2/3/2030 1/26/2021 Stock Option (1) 
 10,390 11,278 39.84 1/26/2031 3/8/2022 Stock Option (1) 
 83,334 8.40 3/8/2032 10/5/2022 Stock Option (2) 
 75,000 3.97 10/5/2032 Christopher Sullivan 5/1/2018 Stock Option (1) 
 3,334 46.56 5/1/2028 4/1/2019 Stock Option (1) 
 3,824 344 74.64 4/1/2029 4/9/2020 Stock Option (1) 
 5,004 2,497 30.84 4/9/2030 1/26/2021 Stock Option (1) 
 4,392 4,776 39.84 1/26/2031 3/8/2022 Stock Option (1) 
 33,335 8.40 3/8/2032 3/8/2022 Stock Option (2) 
 4,167 8.40 3/8/2032 10/5/2022 Stock Option (2) 
 25,000 3.97 10/5/2032 Michael Cola 
 2/3/2020 Stock Option (3) 
 100,000 47.76 2/14/2023 6/18/2020 Stock Option (4) 
 7,027 30.12 2/14/2023 7/1/2020 Stock Option (4) 
 5,391 30.72 2/14/2023 10/1/2020 Stock Option (4) 
 6,390 26.88 2/14/2023 1/4/2021 Stock Option (4) 
 5,401 31.68 2/14/2023 1/26/2021 Stock Option (3) 
 70,834 39.84 2/14/2023 4/1/2021 Stock Option (4) 
 5,907 36.60 2/14/2023 7/1/2021 Stock Option (4) 
 4,312 40.68 2/14/2023 10/1/2021 Stock Option (4) 
 6,510 27.00 2/14/2023 Stephen Smolinski 1/4/2022 Stock Option (5) 
 20.40 6/7/2022 (5) 

(1) One-fourth of the shares underlying the stock option shall vest and become exercisable on the first anniversary of the grant date, and the remaining three-fourths vest in equal monthly installments over the following 36 months, subject to the respective grantee providing continuous services to the Company. 
 
 (2) The shares underlying the stock option shall vest 100 on the first anniversary of the grant date. 
 
 (3) One-fourth of the shares underlying the stock option vested and became exercisable on the first anniversary of the grant date, and the remaining three-fourths were set to vest in equal monthly installments over the following 36 months, subject to the grantee providing continuous service to the Company. Pursuant to Mr. Cola s separation agreement effective February 14, 2022, his outstanding stock options vested immediately and were exercisable through February 14, 2023. 
 
 (4) This stock option vested in full on the grant date. Pursuant to Mr. Cola s separation agreement effective February 14, 2022, his outstanding stock options vested immediately and were exercisable through February 14, 2023. 
 
 (5) On January 3, 2022, the Company granted Mr. Smolinski a stock option award to purchase 33,334 shares of Avalo common stock. One-fourth of the shares underlying the stock option would have vested and become exercisable on the first anniversary of the grant date, and the remaining three-fourths were set to vest in equal monthly installments over the following 36 months, subject to Mr. Smolinski s continuous service to the Company. Pursuant to Mr. Smolinski s separation agreement effective March 7, 2022, his unvested stock options that would have vested in the twelve (12) months following his termination date immediately vested and became exercisable. These options, which were subject to Avalo s standard three (3) month expiration period pursuant to the Company s Third Amended and Restated Equity Incentive Plan, expired on June 7, 2022. 

DIRECTOR COMPENSATION 
 71 

Table of Contents 

After consultation with an independent compensation consultant, our Board approved a compensation policy for our non-employee directors that became effective upon the closing of our initial public offering. After consultation with an independent, external compensation consultant, Radford, an Aon Company Aon Radford ), the policy was most recently amended in 2022 and further amended in January 2022 to fix clerical errors. The policy provides for the following compensation to our non-employee directors: 
 The chair of our Board (if not an employee director) receives an annual fee of 70,000 and each other non-employee director receives 40,000; 
 The chair of our Audit Committee receives an annual fee of 15,000 and each other member receives 7,500; 
 The chair of our Compensation Committee receives an annual fee of 10,000 and each other member receives 5,000; 
 The chair of our Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee receives an annual fee of 8,000 and each other member receives 4,000; 
 The chair of our Science and Technology Advisory Committee receives an annual fee of 15,000 and each other member receives 7,500; and 
 Each non-employee director is entitled to (i) an initial grant of stock options to purchase 6,667 shares of our common stock and (ii) an annual grant of options to purchase 3,334 shares of our common stock under the Third Amended and Restated 2016 Equity Incentive Plan (the 2016 Amended Plan ). The initial grant vests in three substantially equal annual installments over three years commencing on the first anniversary of the grant date. Each annual grant vests in full on the first anniversary of the grant date, in each case, subject to continued service from the date of grant until the applicable vesting dates. 
 
 Each non-employee director may make an election to receive all or part of his or her annual cash compensation in the form of the Company s common stock. Elections must be made in multiples of 5 of an Eligible Director s (as defined in the 2016 Amended Plan) aggregate cash retainer. The stock options will be granted on the date on which the cash would have otherwise been paid, with an exercise price per share equal to the last reported sale price of the common stock on the Nasdaq Capital Market on the date of grant or, if such grant date is not a trading date, on the last trading date prior to the grant date, and with a term of ten years from the date of grant (subject to earlier termination in connection with a termination of service). The actual number of shares subject to the stock options will be determined so that the options have a fair value on the date of grant, using a Black-Scholes or binomial valuation model consistent with the methodology. 
 
 All fees under the director compensation policy are paid on a quarterly basis and no per meeting fees are paid. The Company reimburses non-employee directors for reasonable expenses incurred in connection with attending Board and committee meetings. 
 
 The following table sets forth information regarding the total compensation paid to the Company s non-employee directors in 2022. The compensation amounts presented in the table below are historical and are not indicative of the amounts the Company may pay directors in the future. Directors who are also Company employees receive no additional compensation for their services as directors and are not included in the table below. 
 
 Name 
 Fees Earned or Paid in Cash (1) 
 ) 
 Option Awards (2) 
 ) 
 Other Compensation 
 ) 
 Total 
 ) 
 Option Awards Held at December 31, 2022 (#) Current Non-Employee Directors: 
 June Almenoff, M.D., Ph.D. 53,100 18,459 71,559 11,689 Mitchell Chan 60,000 12,559 72,559 10,001 Gilla Kaplan, Ph.D. 22,500 50,059 72,559 23,752 Magnus Persson, M.D., Ph.D. 
 36,500 49,059 85,559 37,017 Former Non-Employee Directors: 
 Steven Boyd (3) 
 Suzanne Bruhn, Ph.D. (4) 
 27,363 27,363 10,161 Phil Gutry (5) 
 31,011 31,011 18,841 Keith Maher, M.D. (6) 
 Joseph Miller (7) 
 8,242 10,000 18,242 
 
 (1) The amounts shown in this column reflect cash fees earned for services rendered in fiscal year 2022. 
 
 72 

Table of Contents 

(2) The amounts shown in this column represent the aggregate grant date fair value of stock options granted in fiscal year 2022 computed in accordance with ASC 718, Compensation Stock Compensation. Compensation will only be realized to the extent the market price of our common stock is greater than the exercise price of such option award. The assumptions used in valuing these options are described in Note 12 to our consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 (3) Mr. Boyd elected to forego board compensation. He served on our Board of Directors from May 2017 until August 8, 2022 and as Chairman of our Board of Directors from December 14, 2021 until August 8, 2022. 
 
 (4) Dr. Bruhn served on the Board from April 2020 until November 10, 2021. In connection with her resignation and pursuant to the Cooperation Agreement the Company entered into with Armistice, the Company accelerated the vesting of her outstanding stock options as if Dr. Bruhn had served her full board term and extended the exercise period of her options until the second anniversary of her resignation. Additionally, Dr. Bruhn received compensation as if she had served the full board term (through the 2022 Annual Meeting) held on June 14, 2022, which is shown in the Other Compensation column. 
 
 (5) Mr. Gutry served on the Board from April 2015 until December 1, 2021. In connection with his resignation and pursuant to a Cooperation Agreement the Company entered into with Armistice, the Company accelerated the vesting of his outstanding stock options as if Mr. Gutry had served his full board term and extended the exercise period of his options until the second anniversary of his resignation. Additionally, Mr. Gutry received compensation as if he had served the full board term (through the 2022 Annual Meeting held on June 14, 2022), which is shown in the Other Compensation column. 
 
 (6) Dr. Maher elected to forego board compensation. He served on our Board of Directors from October 2021 until August 8, 2022. 
 
 (7) Mr. Miller served on our Board of Directors from April 2020 until June 2022. 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 

EQUITY COMPENSATION PLAN INFORMATION 
 
 The following table contains certain information with respect to our equity compensation plan in effect as of December 31, 2022: 
 
 (A) 
 (B) 
 (C) 
 Plan category 
 Number of Securities to be Issued Upon Exercise of Outstanding Options 
 (#) 
 Weighted-Average Exercise Price of Outstanding Options 
 ) 
 Number of Securities Remaining Available for Future Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans, excluding securities reflected in column (A) 
 (#) 
 Equity compensation plans approved by stockholders 
 1,242,234 26.11 204,290 (1) Equity compensation plans not approved by stockholders 
 186,633 (2) 47.44 Total 
 1,428,867 28.90 204,290 
 
 (1) Reflects shares of common stock available for future issuance under our Third Amended and Restated 2016 Equity Incentive Plan at December 31, 2022 (the 2016 Third Amended Plan ). During the term of the 2016 Third Amended Plan, the share reserve will automatically increase on the first trading day in January of each calendar year ending on (and including) January 1, 2026, by an amount equal to 4 of the total number of outstanding shares of common stock of the Company on the last trading day in December 
 73 

Table of Contents 

of the prior calendar year. On January 1, 2023, pursuant to the terms of the 2016 Third Amended and Restated Plan, an additional 377,221 shares were made available for issuance. 
 
 (2) Consists of shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of outstanding stock options granted pursuant to the Nasdaq inducement grant exception as a component of employment compensation for employees. The inducement grants were made as an inducement material to employees entering employment with us in accordance with Nasdaq Listing Rule 5635(c)(4). 

SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT 
 
 Except as otherwise indicated, the following table sets forth information regarding the ownership of the Company s common stock as of February 15, 2023 by: (i) each director; (ii) each of our Named Executive Officers; (iii) all executive officers and directors of the Company as a group; and (iv) all other parties known by the Company to be beneficial owners of more than five percent of its common stock. 
 
 Applicable percentage ownership is based on 13,200,535 shares of our common stock outstanding as of February 15, 2023, together with applicable options and warrants, as the case may be, for each stockholder. Beneficial ownership is determined in accordance with the rules of the SEC, based on voting and investment power with respect to shares. Common stock subject to options and warrants that are currently exercisable, or exercisable within 60 days after February 15, 2023, are deemed outstanding for the purpose of computing the percentage ownership of the person holding those options or warrants, but are not deemed outstanding for computing the percentage ownership of any other person. Unless otherwise indicated, the address for each listed stockholder is c/o Avalo Therapeutics, Inc., 540 Gaither Road, Suite 400, Rockville, Maryland 20850. 
 
 Beneficial Ownership (1) 
 Beneficial Owner 
 Number of Shares 
 Percent of Total 
 5 Stockholders: 
 Armistice Capital Master Fund Ltd. (2) 
 4,782,703 35.34 Caissa Capital Management Ltd (3) 
 1,393,671 10.56 Venrock (4) 
 1,352,365 9.98 Great Point Partners, LLC (5) 
 974,639 7.11 Directors and Named Executive Officers: 
 June Almenoff, M.D., Ph.D. (6) 
 3,911 Mitchell Chan (7) 
 2,233 Gilla Kaplan, Ph.D. (8) 
 19,029 Garry Neil, M.D. (9) 
 96,317 Magnus Persson, M.D., Ph.D. (10) 
 33,683 Christopher Sullivan (11) 
 32,043 Michael Cola (12) 
 14,646 Stephen Smolinski (13) 
 All current executive officers and directors as a group 
 187,206 1.40 Less than one percent. 

(1) This table is based upon information supplied by our executive officers, directors, and principal stockholders, and on ownership reports filed by those persons with the SEC. Unless otherwise indicated in the footnotes to this table and subject to community property laws where applicable, the Company believes that each of the stockholders named in this table has sole voting and investment power with respect to the shares indicated as beneficially owned. 
 
 (2) Based on a Schedule 13D and Form 4 filed with the SEC on February 9, 2023 by Armistice Capital LLC Armistice ). Consists of (i) 4,449,369 shares of common stock and (ii) 333,334 shares of common stock issuable upon the exercise of outstanding warrants currently exercisable or exercisable within 60 days after February 15, 2023 all held directly by Armistice Capital Master Fund, Ltd. Armistice Master and may be deemed to be indirectly beneficially owned by Armistice, as the investment manager of Armistice 
 74 

Table of Contents 

Master. The share numbers in the preceding sentence represent the maximum number of shares of common stock issuable upon the exercise of warrants held by Armistice as a result of the blocker provision described in the following sentence and therefore does not include warrants to purchase up to an additional 450,000 shares of common stock pursuant to the warrants issued in February 2023. The February 2023 warrants held by Armistice provide that the holder will not have a right to exercise the warrants for common stock if, as a result of such exercise, the holder, together with its affiliates and other attribution parties, would exceed 4.99 beneficial ownership of the number of shares of common stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance of the shares of common stock being exercised. Steven J. Boyd is the managing member of Armistice and a director of Armistice Master and may be deemed to have voting and investment power with respect to the securities held by Armistice. Mr. Boyd served on our Board of Directors through August 8, 2022 and holds 34,370 shares of common stock that he has sole dispositive and voting power over. Armistice s and Mr. Boyd s address is c/o Armistice Capital, LLC, 510 Madison Avenue, 7 th Floor, New York, NY 10022. 
 
 (3) Based on a Schedule 13G filed with the SEC on February 14, 2023 by Cambyz Golestaneh and Caissa Capital Management Ltd. Consists of (i) 182,300 shares of common stock held directly by Mr. Golestaneh and (ii) 1,211,371 shares of common stock held by Caissa Capital Management Ltd, a British Virgin Islands company controlled by Mr. Golestaneh. Caissa Capital Management Ltd and Mr. Golestaneh s and address is Palm Grove House Wickhams Cay 1 Road Town, Tortola, British Virgin Islands VG1110. 
 
 (4) Based on Schedule 13G filed with the SEC on February 17, 2023 by Venrock Healthcare Capital Partners III, L.P., VHCP Co-Investment Holdings III, LLC, Venrock Healthcare Capital Partners EG, L.P., VHCP Management III, LLC, VHCP Management EG, LLC, Nimish Shah and Bong Koh (collectively, Venrock ). Consists of (i) 1,000,000 shares of common stock and (ii) 352,285 shares of common stock issuable upon the exercise of outstanding warrants currently exercisable or exercisable within 60 days all held indirectly by Venrock. The share numbers in the preceding sentence represent the maximum number of shares of common stock issuable upon the exercise of warrants held by Venrock as a result of the blocker provision described in the following sentence and therefore does not include warrants to purchase up to an additional 647,715 shares of common stock pursuant to the warrants issued in February 2023. The February 2023 warrants held by Venrock provide that the holder will not have a right to exercise the warrants for common stock if, as a result of such exercise, the holder, together with its affiliates and other attribution parties, would exceed 9.99 beneficial ownership of the number of shares of common stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance of the shares of common stock being exercised. The address of the principal business office of Venrock is 3340 Hillview Avenue, Palo Alto, California 94304. 
 
 (5) Based on a Schedule 13G filed with the SEC on February 13, 2023 by Great Point Partners, LLC, Dr. Jeffrey R. Jay, M.D. and Mr. Ortav Yehudai (collectively, Great Point Partners ). Consists of (i) 474,639 shares of common stock and (ii) 500,000 shares of common stock issuable upon the exercise of outstanding warrants currently exercisable or exercisable within 60 days after February 15, 2023, all held indirectly by Great Point Partners. The share numbers in the preceding sentence represent the maximum number of shares of common stock issuable upon the exercise of warrants held by Great Point Partners as a result of the blocker provision described in the following sentence and therefore includes warrants to purchase up to an additional 500,000 shares of common stock pursuant to the warrants issued in February 2023. The warrants held by Great Point Partners provide that the holder will not have a right to exercise the warrants for common stock if, as a result of the exercise, the holder, together with its affiliates and other attribution parties, would exceed 9.99 beneficial ownership of the number of shares of common stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance of the shares of common stock being exercised. The address of the principal business office of Great Point Partners is 165 Mason Street, 3rd Floor, Greenwich, CT 06830. 
 
 (6) Consists of 3,911 shares issuable to Dr. Almenoff upon the exercise of options currently exercisable or exercisable with 60 days after February 15, 2023. 
 
 (7) Consists of 2,223 shares issuable to Mr. Chan upon the exercise of options currently exercisable or exercisable with 60 days after February 15, 2023. 
 
 (8) Consists of 19,029 shares issuable to Dr. Kaplan upon the exercise of options currently exercisable or exercisable within 60 days after February 15, 2023. 
 
 (9) Consists of (i) 9,220 shares of common stock held by Dr. Neil and (ii) 87,097 shares issuable upon the exercise of options currently exercisable or exercisable within 60 days after February 15, 2023. 
 
 (10) Consists of 33,683 shares issuable to Dr. Persson upon the exercise of options currently exercisable or exercisable within 60 days after February 15, 2023. 
 
 (11) Consists of (i) 751 shares of common stock held by Mr. Sullivan and (ii) 31,292 shares issuable upon the exercise of options currently exercisable or exercisable with 60 days after February 15, 2023. 
 75 

Table of Contents 

(12) Consists of 14,646 shares of common stock held by Mr. Cola based on Form 4 filed on June 11, 2020. Mr. Cola previously served as our Chief Executive Officer. Mr. Cola s employment ceased on February 14, 2022. 
 
 (13) Mr. Smolinski previously served as our Chief Commercial Officer. Mr. Smolinski s employment ceased on March 7, 2022. 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 

RELATED PERSON TRANSACTIONS POLICY AND PROCEDURES 
 
 In 2015, in connection with our initial public offering, our Board adopted a written related person transaction policy to set forth policies and procedures for the review and approval or ratification of related person transactions. The policy was amended on November 5, 2021. This policy covers any transaction, including, for the avoidance of doubt, transactions constituting a sale or conveyance of stock and/or stock derivatives, arrangement or relationship, or any series of similar transactions, arrangements or relationships, in which the Company is, was or will be a participant, and the amount involved exceeds 120,000 with one of our executive officers, directors, director nominees or 5 stockholders, or their immediate family members, each of whom we refer to as a related person. 
 
 If a related person proposes to enter into such a transaction, arrangement or relationship, which we refer to as a related person transaction, the related person must report the proposed related person transaction to our Audit Committee. The policy calls for the proposed related person transaction to be reviewed and, if deemed appropriate, approved by our Audit Committee. Whenever practicable, the reporting, review and approval will occur prior to entry into the transaction. If advance review and approval is not practicable, the Audit Committee will review, and, in its discretion, may ratify the related person transaction. 
 
 A related person transaction reviewed under the policy will be considered approved or ratified if it is authorized by the Audit Committee after full disclosure of the related person s interest in the transaction. As appropriate for the circumstances, the Audit Committee will review and consider: 
 
 the interests, direct or indirect, of any related person in the transaction; 
 the purpose of the transaction; 
 the proposed aggregate value of such transaction, or, in the case of indebtedness, that amount of principal that would be involved; 
 the risks, costs and benefits to the Company; 
 the availability of other sources of comparable products or services; 
 management s recommendation with respect to the proposed related person transaction; 
 the terms of the transaction; 
 the availability of other sources for comparable services or products; and 
 the terms available to or from, as the case may be, unrelated third parties or to or from employees generally. 
 
 The Audit Committee, in approving or rejecting any related person transactions involving the sale and/or conveyance of the Company s stock or stock derivatives to a significant shareholder holding 20 or more of (a) any class of the Company s voting securities, or (b) the Company s voting power, or their immediate family member and/or affiliates, shall consider whether such transaction involves a change of control. 
 
 Our Audit Committee will approve only those related person transactions that, in light of known circumstances, are in, or are not inconsistent with, the best interests of the Company and its stockholders, as the Audit Committee determines in the good faith exercise of its discretion. 
 
 In addition to the transactions that are excluded by the instructions to the SEC s related person transaction disclosure rule, our Board has determined that the following transactions do not create a material direct or indirect interest on behalf of related persons and, therefore, are not related person transactions for purposes of this policy: 
 
 transactions involving compensation for services provided to the Company as an employee, consultant or director; and 
 a transaction, arrangement or relationship in which a related person s participation is solely due to the related person s position as a director of an entity that is participating in such transaction, arrangement or relationship. 

CERTAIN RELATED PERSON TRANSACTIONS 
 
 76 

Table of Contents 

The following sets forth all transactions since January 1, 2021 to which the Company has been or is a participant, including currently proposed transactions, in which the amount involved in the transaction exceeds 120,000 and in which any of our directors, executive officers or beneficial holders of more than 5 of any class of our capital stock, or any immediate family member of, or person sharing the household with any of these individuals, had or has a direct or indirect material interest. 
 
 Indemnification Agreements 
 
 We have entered into indemnification agreements with each of our directors and certain of our executive officers. These agreements require us to indemnify these individuals and, in certain cases, affiliates of such individuals, to the fullest extent permitted under Delaware law against liabilities that may arise by reason of their service to the Company, and to advance expenses incurred as a result of any proceeding against them as to which they could be indemnified. 
 
 Employment Agreements 
 
 We have entered into employment agreements with our current and former executive officers. For more information regarding these agreements, please see Executive Compensation Narrative to Summary Compensation Table Employment Arrangements and Potential Payments Upon Certain Events above. 
 
 Stock Option Grants to Executive Officers and Directors 
 
 We have granted stock options to our named executive officers and directors as more fully described in Executive Compensation and Director Compensation above. 
 
 Financings with Related Party Participation 
 
 Q1 2023 Equity Financing 
 
 On February 7, 2023, the Company closed an underwritten public offering of 3,770,000 shares of its common stock and warrants to purchase 3,770,000 shares of common stock for net proceeds of 13.7 million. The warrants have a one-year term and an exercise price of 5.00 per share. Armistice participated in the offering by purchasing 450,000 shares of common stock and 450,000 warrants, on the same terms as all other investors. Certain affiliates of Nantahala Capital Management LLC (collectively Nantahala and Point72 Asset Management, L.P., which each beneficially owned greater than 5 of the Company s outstanding common stock at the time of the offering, participated in the offering on the same terms as all other investors. 
 
 2021 Financings 
 
 On September 17, 2021, the Company closed an underwritten public offering of 1.2 million shares of its common stock for net proceeds of 29.0 million. Armistice participated in the offering by purchasing 0.5 million shares of common stock, on the same terms as all other investors. Certain affiliates of Nantahala, which beneficially owned greater than 5 of the Company's outstanding common stock at the time of the offering, participated in the offering on the same terms as all other investors. 
 
 In January 2021, the Company closed an underwritten public offering of 1.2 million shares of its common stock and 139,747 pre-funded warrants for net proceeds of 37.7 million. Armistice participated in the offering by purchasing 0.2 million shares of common stock, on the same terms as all other investors. Nantahala participated in the offering by purchasing 0.1 million shares of common stock, on the same terms as all other investors. Nantahala also purchased pre-funded warrants to purchase up to 139,747 shares of common stock at a purchase price of 31.188, which represents the per share public offering price for the common stock less the 0.012 per share exercise price for each pre-funded warrant. The holder will not be entitled to exercise any portion of any pre-funded warrant if the holder s ownership of the Company s common stock would exceed 9.99 following such exercise. During 2021, Nantahala exercised 25,740 of the pre-funded warrants. As of December 31, 2022, 114,007 pre-funded warrants were outstanding. 
 
 Cooperation Agreement 
 
 On November 4, 2021, the Company entered into a Cooperation Agreement with Armistice, which, together with its affiliates, is a significant stockholder of the Company and whose chief investment officer, Steven Boyd and managing director, Keith Maher, were former members of the Board. Pursuant to the Cooperation Agreement, the Company agreed to take all necessary action to appoint Dr. June Almenoff to the Board no later than four (4) business days of the Effective Date of the Cooperation Agreement and appoint a second independent director, who is qualified to serve on the Audit Committee and who is not associated with Armistice. Pursuant to the Cooperation Agreement, Dr. Almenoff was appointed to the Board, effective November 10, 2021. On December 1, 2021, Mitchell 
 77 

Table of Contents 

Chan was appointed to the Board. In connection with the Cooperation Agreement, the Company accepted the resignations of Dr. Suzanne Bruhn effective November 4, 2021 and Mr. Phil Gutry effective December 1, 2021. 
 
 Pursuant to the Cooperation Agreement, the Company agreed that the Board would appoint Dr. Almenoff to each of the Nominating and Governance Committee and Audit Committee of the Board, that Mr. Gutry would step down from the Nominating and Governance Committee and that Dr. Magnus Persson would be appointed as the Chairman of the Nominating and Governance Committee and as the Board s Lead Independent Director. In addition, the Company agreed to hold a frequency of say-on-pay and a say-on-pay vote at its 2022 annual meeting of stockholders. In connection with their resignations, the Company agreed to accelerate the vesting of the outstanding stock options as if Dr. Bruhn and Mr. Gutry had served out their full term, pay them compensation as if they had served out their full term and to extend the exercise period of their options until the second anniversary of their resignations. 
 
 Pursuant to the Cooperation Agreement, Armistice agreed to certain customary standstill provisions prohibiting it from, among other things, soliciting proxies and exercising certain stockholder rights through the date that is immediately following the Company s 2022 annual meeting of stockholders. 
 
 The parties also agreed to certain customary non-disparagement provisions pursuant to which neither the Company nor Armistice will make a statement or announcement that constitutes an ad hominem attack on, or otherwise disparages, the other party for a period of two years from the effective date of the Cooperation Agreement. 
 
 The Cooperation Agreement was negotiated by a Special Committee of the Board that was comprised of all non-Armistice Independent Directors. The Cooperation Agreement was then approved by the Company s Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee, Compensation Committee, Audit Committee and the full Board. 
 
 Sale of Future Economic Rights 
 
 In November 2022, Avalo closed a purchase agreement (the Asset Purchase Agreement with ES Therapeutics, LLC ES for upfront proceeds of 5.0 million, pursuant to which the Company (i) sold to ES all of the Company s (a) rights to any milestone payments, under the Asset Purchase Agreement, dated August 14, 2017, by and between the Company and Janssen Pharmaceutics, Inc. (relating to AVTX-501), and (b) any future milestone and royalty payments under the License Agreement, dated July 29, 2022, by and between Apollo AP43 Limited and the Company (relating to AVTX-007), and (ii) waived all rights, including payments due to the Company from ES, under the Assignment of the License Agreement dated August 8, 2019 (relating to AVTX-611), by and among the Company, ES and Armistice Capital LLC Armistice ), which is a significant stockholder of the Company and whose chief investment officer, Steven Boyd, and managing director, Keith Maher, served on Avalo s Board until August 8, 2022 (the ES Transaction ). The ES Transaction was approved in accordance with Avalo s related party transaction policy. 
 
 AVTX-406 License Assignment 
 
 On June 9, 2021, the Company assigned its rights, title, interest, and obligations under an in-license covering its non-core asset, AVTX-406, to ES, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Armistice. The transaction with ES was approved in accordance with Avalo s related party transaction policy. 
 
 Under the assignment agreement, the Company received a low-six-digit upfront payment from ES. The Company is also eligible to receive up to an aggregate of 6.0 million based on the achievement of specified development and regulatory milestones. Upon commercialization, the Company is eligible to receive sales-based milestone payments aggregating up to 20.0 million tied to annual net sales targets. ES is fully responsible for the development and commercialization of the program. 

DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 
 After review of all relevant identified transactions or relationships between each director, or any of his or her family members, and the Company, its senior management and its independent auditors, the Board has affirmatively determined that the following directors are independent directors within the meaning of the applicable Nasdaq listing standards and the independence criteria set forth in our Corporate Governance Guidelines: Dr. Almenoff, Mr. Chan, Dr. Kaplan and Dr. Persson. In making this determination, the Board found that none of these directors or nominees for director had a material or other disqualifying relationship with the Company. 
 
 In making those independence determinations, the Board took into account certain relationships and transactions that occurred in the ordinary course of business between the Company and entities with which some of its directors are or have been affiliated. The Board considered all relationships and transactions that occurred during any 12-month period within the last three fiscal years, including the participation by our directors and entities affiliated with our directors in various financing transactions with the Company, and 
 78 

Table of Contents 

determined that there were no relationships that would interfere with their exercise of independent judgment in carrying out their responsibilities as directors. 

Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services. 
 
 The following table represents aggregate fees billed to the Company for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, by Ernst Young LLP EY ), the Company s principal accountant. All fees described below were pre-approved by the Audit Committee. 
 
 Fiscal Year Ended 
 December 31, 
 2022 2021 Audit fees (1) 
 670,000 775,000 Audit-related fees (2) 
 18,000 18,000 Tax fees (3) 
 74,609 All other fees (4) 
 1,995 Total 
 688,000 869,604 (1) Audit fees consisted of audit work performed in the audit of our financial statements, as well as work that generally only the independent registered public accounting firm can reasonably be expected to provide, such as accounting consultations billed as audit services, and consents and assistance with and review of documents filed with the SEC. 
 (2) Audit-related fees consist of consulting and advisory fees related to potential acquisitions and strategic transactions and audit fees related to acquired entities. 
 (3) Tax services principally include tax compliance, tax advice and tax planning. 
 (4) All other fees consisted of all other products and services provided by the independent registered public accounting firm that are not reflected in any of the previous categories, such as the use of online accounting research tools. 

PRE-APPROVAL POLICIES AND PROCEDURES 
 
 The Audit Committee has adopted a policy and procedures for the pre-approval of audit and non-audit services rendered by the Company s independent registered public accounting firm, EY. The policy generally pre-approves specified services in the defined categories of audit services, audit-related services and tax services up to specified amounts. Pre-approval may also be given as part of the Audit Committee s approval of the scope of the engagement of the independent auditor or on an individual, explicit, case-by-case basis before the independent auditor is engaged to provide each service. The pre-approval of services may be delegated to one or more of the Audit Committee s members, but the decision must be reported to the full Audit Committee at its next scheduled meeting. 
 
 The Audit Committee has determined that the rendering of non-audit services by EY is compatible with maintaining the principal accountant s independence for the period of time during which it has served as our independent auditor. 
 79 

Table of Contents 

PART IV 

Item 15. Exhibits; Financial Statement Schedules. 
 (a) Documents filed as part of this report. 
 1. The following consolidated financial statements of Avalo Therapeutics, Inc. and Report of Ernst Young LLP, Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm, are included in this report: 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: 
 F-2 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 202 2 and 202 1 
 F-4 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss for the years ended December 31, 202 2 and 202 1 
 F-5 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders De ficit Equity for the years ended December 31, 202 2 and 202 1 
 F-8 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 202 2 and 202 1 
 F-6 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F-9 
 
 2. List of financial statement schedules. All schedules are omitted because they are not applicable or the required information is shown in the financial statements described above. 
 3. List of Exhibits required by Item 601 of Regulation S-K. See part (b) below. 
 
 (b) Exhibits. 
 
 The following is a list of exhibits filed as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Where so indicated by footnote, exhibits that were previously filed are incorporated by reference. For exhibits incorporated by reference, the location of the exhibit in the previous filing is indicated. 
 Exhibit Number Description of Exhibit 2.1 Asset Purchase Agreement, dated October 10, 2019, between Aytu Bioscience, Inc. and Cerecor Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 15, 2019). 
 2.2 First Amendment to Asset Purchase Agreement, dated November 1, 2019, entered into by and between Aytu Bioscience, Inc. and Cerecor Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 4, 2019). 
 2.3 Agreement and Plan of Merger and Reorganization, dated as of December 5, 2019, by and among Cerecor Inc., Genie Merger Sub, Inc., Second Genie Merger Sub, LLC and Aevi Genomic Medicine, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K/A filed on December 11, 2019). 
 3.1 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Cerecor Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 17, 2018). 
 3.1.1 Certificate of Amendment to the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Cerecor Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 26, 2021). 
 3.1.2 Form of Certificate of Designation of Preferences, Rights and Limitations of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock of Cerecor Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 28, 2017). 
 
 80 

Table of Contents 

3.1.3 Form of Certificate of Designation of Series B Non-Voting Convertible Preferred Stock of Cerecor Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 27, 2018). 
 3.1.4 Certificate of Amendment to the Company s Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, as amended, dated July 5, 2022 and effective July 7, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 7, 2022). 
 3.2 Third Amended and Restated Bylaws of Avalo Therapeutics, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 26, 2021). 
 4.1 Second Amended and Restated Investors' Rights Agreement, dated as of July 11, 2014 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on June 12, 2015). 
 4.2 Specimen Unit Certificate (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.13 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed on October 13, 2015). 
 4.3 Specimen Common Stock Certificate (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Registration Statement on Form S-8 filed on May 20, 2016). 
 4.4 Form of Warrant to Purchase Shares of Series B Non-Voting Convertible Preferred Stock of Cerecor Inc. issued to Armistice Capital Master Fund Ltd. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 27, 2018). 
 4.5 Form of Warrant to Purchase Shares of Common Stock of Cerecor Inc. issued to Armistice Capital Master Fund Ltd. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 27, 2018). 
 4.6 Form of Pre-Funded Warrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 8, 2021). 
 4.7 Warrant to Purchase Common Stock (Loan A) issued June 4, 2021 by Cerecor, Inc. to Horizon Technology Finance Corporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 8, 2021). 
 4.8 Warrant to Purchase Common Stock (Loan B) issued June 4, 2021 by Cerecor, Inc. to Horizon Technology Finance Corporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 8, 2021). 
 4.9 Warrant to Purchase Common Stock (Loan C) issued June 4, 2021 by Cerecor, Inc. to Horizon Technology Finance Corporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 8, 2021). 
 4.10 Warrant to Purchase Common Stock (Loan D) issued June 4, 2021 by Cerecor, Inc. to Powerscourt Investments XXV, LP (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.4 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 8, 2021). 
 4.11 Warrant to Purchase Common Stock (Loan E) issued June 4, 2021 by Cerecor, Inc. to Horizon Technology Finance Corporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.5 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 8, 2021). 
 
 81 

Table of Contents 

4.12 Warrant to Purchase Common Stock (Loan F) issued June 4, 2021 by Cerecor, Inc. to Horizon Technology Finance Corporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.6 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 8, 2021). 
 4.13 Warrant to Purchase Common Stock (Loan G) issued June 4, 2021 by Cerecor, Inc. to Horizon Technology Finance Corporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.7 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 8, 2021). 
 4.14 Warrant to Purchase Common Stock (Loan H) issued June 4, 2021 by Cerecor, Inc. to Horizon Technology Finance Corporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.8 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 8, 2021). 
 4.15 Form of Warrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 3, 2023). 
 4.16 Description of Registered Securities incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.15 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 2, 2022) . 
 10.1 Exclusive Patent and Know-How License Agreement, effective as of March 19, 2013, by and between Essex Chemie AG and Cerecor Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on June 12, 2015). 
 10.2 Exclusive Patent and Know-How License Agreement, effective as of March 19, 2013, by and between Essex Chemie AG and Cerecor Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on June 12, 2015). 
 10.3 Exclusive Patent and Know-How License Agreement, effective as of February 18, 2015, by and between Eli Lilly and Company and Cerecor Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on June 12, 2015). 
 10.4 + Form of Director Indemnification Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.12 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed on September 8, 2015). 
 10.5 Non-Employee Director Compensation Policy, amended January 24, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the A nnual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 2, 2022 . 
 10.6 Non-Employee Director Compensation Policy, amended January 10, 2016 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.17 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 23, 2016). 
 10.7 + Cerecor Inc. 2016 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 20, 2016). 
 10.8 License Agreement, dated as of September 8, 2016, by and between Cerecor Inc. and Eli Lilly and Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 8, 2016). 
 10.9 Addendum to Exclusive License Agreement, dated as of October 13, 2016, by and between Cerecor Inc. and Eli Lilly and Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1.1 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 8, 2016). 
 10.10 Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of April 27, 2017, by and between Cerecor, Inc. and Armistice Capital Master Fund Ltd. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 28, 2017). 
 
 82 

Table of Contents 

10.11 License and Development Agreement, dated February 16, 2018, by and between Cerecor Inc. and Flamel Ireland Limited (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on May 11, 2018). 
 10.11.1 + Employment Agreement, dated April 19, 2018, by and between Cerecor Inc. and James A. Harrell, Jr. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 27, 2018). 
 10.11.2 + Amendment to Employment Agreement of James A. Harrell, Jr., dated October 14, 2019 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.15.2 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K filed March 11, 2020). 
 10.12 Registration Rights Agreement, made and entered into as of August 20, 2018, between Cerecor Inc. and each of the several purchasers (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 20, 2018). 
 10.13 Lease dated September 14, 2018, by and between FP 540 Gaither, LLC and Cerecor Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 18, 2018). 
 10.14 Registration Rights Agreement, made and entered into as of December 27, 2018, between Cerecor, Inc. and Armistice Capital Master Fund Ltd. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 27, 2018). 
 10.15 Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of September 4, 2019, between Cerecor Inc. and Armistice Capital Master Fund Ltd. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 9, 2019). 
 10.16 Guarantee, dated as of November 1, 2019, made by Cerecor Inc. in favor of Deerfield CSF, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 4, 2019). 
 10.17 Contribution Agreement, made and entered into as of November 1, 2019, by and among Cerecor Inc., Armistice Capital Master Fund, Ltd. and Avadel US Holdings Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 4, 2019). 
 10.18 Assignment of License Agreement, dated August 8, 2019, entered into by and between Cerecor Inc., ES Therapeutics, LLC, and Armistice Capital Master Fund Ltd. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.32 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 11, 2020). 
 10.19 Contingent Value Rights Agreement, effective February 3, 2020, by and between Cerecor Inc. and American Stock Transfer Trust Company, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 3, 2020). 
 10.20 + Employment Agreement, effective February 3, 2020, by and between Cerecor Inc. and Michael F. Cola (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 3, 2020). 
 10.21 + Employment Agreement, effective February 3, 2020, by and between Cerecor Inc. and Garry A. Neil (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 3, 2020). 
 10.22 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement, dated February 3, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 4, 2020). 
 
 83 

Table of Contents 

10.23 + Amendment to Employment Agreement, effective March 11, 2020, by and between Cerecor Inc. and Michael F. Cola (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on May 7, 2020). 
 10.24 Securities Purchase Agreement, dated March 17, 2020, between Cerecor Inc. and the investor(s) named therein (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 18, 2020). 
 10.25 Registration Rights Agreement, dated March 17, 2020, between Cerecor Inc. and the investor(s) named therein (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 18, 2020). 
 10.26 Sponsored Research Agreement, dated as of November 12, 2014, between Medgenics Medical Israel Ltd. and The Children s Hospital of Philadelphia (previously filed as Exhibit 10.28 to Aevi s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2014 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 10.27 Amendment #1 to Sponsored Research Agreement, dated December 18, 2015, by and between Medgenics Medical Israel Ltd. and the Children s Hospital of Philadelphia (previously filed as Exhibit 10.1 to Aevi s Current Report on Form 8-K filed December 22, 2015 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 10.28 License Agreement, dated as of November 12, 2014, between Medgenics Medical Israel Ltd. and The Children s Hospital of Philadelphia (previously filed as Exhibit 10.29 to Aevi s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2014 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 10.29 License Agreement, dated as of September 9, 2015, between neuroFix, LLC and The Children s Hospital of Philadelphia (previously filed as Exhibit 10.2 to Aevi s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2015 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 10.30 Clinical Development and Option Agreement, by and between Medgenics, Inc. and Kyowa Hakko Kirin Co., Ltd., dated June 6, 2016 (previously filed as Exhibit 10.1 to Aevi s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2016 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 10.31 Amendment No. 1 to License Agreement, dated as of February 14, 2017, by and between The Children s Hospital of Philadelphia and Medgenics Medical Israel Ltd. (previously filed as Exhibit 10.1 to Aevi s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2017 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 10.32 Amendment # 2 to Sponsored Research Agreement, dated as of February 16, 2017, by and between Medgenics Medical Israel, Ltd. and the Children s Hospital of Philadelphia (previously filed as Exhibit 10.2 to Aevi s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2018 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 10.33 Amendment No. 1 to License Agreement, dated March 29, 2019, by and between neuroFix LLC and the Children s Hospital of Philadelphia (previously filed as Exhibit 10.3 to Aevi s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2019 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 10.34 Amendment No. 2 to License Agreement, dated March 29, 2019, by and between Medgenics Medical Israel Ltd. and the Children s Hospital of Philadelphia. (previously filed as Exhibit 10.4 to Aevi s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2019 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 
 84 

Table of Contents 

10.35 Amendment No. 3 to Sponsored Research Agreement, dated March 29, 2019, by and between Medgenics Medical Israel Ltd. and the Children s Hospital of Philadelphia (previously filed as Exhibit 10.5 to Aevi s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2019 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 10.36 Letter Agreement, dated March 29, 2019, by and between the Company and the Children s Hospital of Philadelphia (previously filed as Exhibit 10.6 to Aevi s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2019 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 10.37 Exclusive License Agreement, dated as of July 15, 2019, by and between Aevi Genomic Medicine, Inc. and OSI Pharmaceuticals, LLC (previously filed as Exhibit 10.1 to Aevi s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2019 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 10.38 Amendment No. 3 to License Agreement, dated as of August 12, 2019, by and between Medgenics Medical Israel Ltd. and The Children's Hospital of Philadelphia (previously filed as Exhibit 10.3 to Aevi s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2019 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 10.39 Amendment No. 4 to Sponsored Research Agreement, dated as of August 12, 2019, by and between Medgenics Medical Israel Ltd. and The Children's Hospital of Philadelphia (previously filed as Exhibit 10.4 to Aevi s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2019 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 10.40 Option and License Agreement, dated as of August 6, 2019, by and between Aevi Genomic Medicine, Inc. and MedImmune Limited (previously filed as Exhibit 10.1 to Aevi s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2019 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 10.41 Royalty Agreement, dated as of July 19, 2019, between and among Aevi Genomic Medicine, Inc., Michael F. Cola Joseph J. Grano, Jr., Kathleen Jane Grano, Joseph C. Grano, The Grano Children s Trust, Joseph C. Grano, trustee and LeoGroup Private Investment Access, LLC on behalf of Garry A. Neil (previously filed as Exhibit 10.2 to Aevi s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2019 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 10.42 + Employment Agreement, dated September 26, 2019, by and between Cerecor Inc. and Christopher Sullivan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 27, 2020). 
 10.43 + Letter Agreement, dated April 23, 2020, by and between Cerecor Inc. and Christopher Sullivan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 27, 2020). 
 10.44 + Separation Agreement, dated April 24, 2020, by and between Cerecor Inc. and Simon Pedder (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 27, 2020). 
 10.45 Amended and Restated Clinical Development and Option Agreement, dated May 28, 2020, by and between Aevi Genomic Medicine, LLC and Kyowa Kirin Co., Ltd., formerly known as Kyowa Kirin Co., Ltd. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.28 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on August 6, 2020). 
 10.46 + Cerecor Inc. Third Amended and Restated 2016 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 18, 2020). 
 
 85 

Table of Contents 

10.47 Amendment No. 6 to License Agreement, dated as of November 13, 2020, by and between Medgenics Medical Israel Ltd. and The Children's Hospital of Philadelphia (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 20, 2020). 
 10.48 Amendment No. 6 to Sponsored Research Agreement, dated as of November 13, 2020, by and between Medgenics Medical Israel Ltd. and The Children's Hospital of Philadelphia (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 20, 2020). 
 10.49 + Employment Agreement, dated February 10, 2021, by and between Cerecor Inc. and Schond L. Greenway (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 1, 2021). 
 10.50 + Stock Option Agreement, dated March 1, 2021, by and between Cerecor Inc. and Schond L. Greenway (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 1, 2021). 
 10.51 + Offer Letter, dated February 19, 2020, from Cerecor Inc. to H. Jeffrey Wilkins, M.D. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.54 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 8, 2021). 
 10.52 License Agreement, dated March 25, 2021, by and between Cerecor Inc. and Kyowa Hakko Kirin Co., Ltd (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on May 13, 2021). 
 10.53 Exclusive Patent License Agreement, dated June 22, 2021, by and between Sanford Burnham Prebys Medical Discovery Institute and Cerecor Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on August 2, 2021). 
 10.54 Loan Agreement, dated June 4, 2021, by and between Horizon Technology Finance Corporation, Powerscourt Investments XXV, LP and Cerecor Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on August 2, 2021). 
 10.55 Amendment No.1 to Option and License Agreement, dated July 16, 2021, by and between Medimmune Limited and Aevi Genomic Medicine, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on August 2, 2021). 
 10.56 Cooperation Agreement, dated as of November 4, 2021, by and between Avalo Therapeutics, Inc. and Armistice Capital, LLC. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 9, 2021). 
 10.57+ Letter Agreement, dated February 18, 2022, by and between Avalo Therapeutics, Inc. and Garry Neil (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 18, 2022). 
 10.58+ Letter Agreement, dated February 18, 2022, by and between Avalo Therapeutics, Inc. and Christopher Sullivan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 18, 2022). 
 10.59 License Agreement, dated July 29, 2022, by and between Apollo AP43 Limited and Avalo Therapeutics, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 7, 2022). 
 10.60 Waiver, dated August 11, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 11, 2022). 
 
 86 

Table of Contents 

10.61 Purchase Agreement, dated November 4, 2022, by and between ES Therapeutics, LLC and Avalo Therapeutics, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 7, 2022). 
 21.1 List of Subsidiaries of the Registrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 21. 1 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 2, 2022). 
 23.1 Consent of Ernst Young LLP, independent registered public accounting firm. 
 31.1 Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 31.2 Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.1 # Certification of Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document. 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File, formatted in inline XBRL (included in Exhibit 101). 

Confidential treatment has been requested for portions of this exhibit. 
 
 Portions of this exhibit have been redacted in compliance with Regulation S-K Item 601(b)(10). 
 
 + Management contract or compensatory agreement. 
 
 Filed herewith. 
 
 # This certification is being furnished solely to accompany this 10-K pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, and are not being filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and are not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of the registrant, whether made before or after the date hereof, regardless of any general incorporation language in such filing. 

Item 16. 10-K Summary. 
 
 None. 
 87 

Table of Contents 

SIGNATURES 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

Avalo Therapeutics, Inc. /s/ Christopher Sullivan Christopher Sullivan Chief Financial Officer 
 Date: March 29, 2023 

88 

Table of Contents 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 
 
 Signature Title Date /s/ Garry Neil, M.D. President and Chief Executive Officer, Chairman of the Board of Directors and Director March 29, 2023 Garry Neil, M.D. (Principal Executive Officer) /s/ Christopher Sullivan Chief Financial Officer March 29, 2023 Christopher Sullivan (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) /s/ June Almenoff, M.D., Ph.D. Director March 29, 2023 June Almenoff, M.D., Ph.D. /s/ Mitchell Chan Director March 29, 2023 Mitchell Chan /s/ Gilla Kaplan, Ph.D. Director March 29, 2023 Gilla Kaplan, Ph.D. /s/ Magnus Persson, M.D., Ph.D Director March 29, 2023 Magnus Persson, M.D., Ph.D 
 89 

Table of Contents 

AVALO THERAPEUTICS, INC. 
 INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 F- 2 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 202 2 and 202 1 
 F- 4 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss for the years ended December 31, 202 2 and 20 21 
 F- 5 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders (Deficit) Equity for the years ended December 31, 202 2 and 20 21 
 F- 6 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 202 2 and 2021 
 F- 7 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F- 9 

F-1 

Table of Contents 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of Avalo Therapeutics, Inc. 
 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Avalo Therapeutics, Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss, changes in stockholders (deficit) equity and cash flows for the years then ended, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company at December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the years then ended, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
 
 The Company's Ability to Continue as a Going Concern 
 
 The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 1 to the financial statements, the Company has suffered recurring losses from operations, has a working capital deficiency, and has stated that substantial doubt exists about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management's evaluation of the events and conditions and management s plans regarding these matters are also described in Note 1. The consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 
 
 Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Critical Audit Matter 
 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective or complex judgements. The communication of the critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 
 F-2 

Table of Contents 

Valuation of Derivative Instrument Description of the Matter As more fully described in Note 5 of the consolidated financial statements, as of December 31, 2022, the Company recorded a 4.8 million derivative liability related to future milestone payments and measured at fair value. To determine the fair value of the derivative liability the Company applied a combination of a scenario-based method and an option pricing method using observable and unobservable market data for inputs, including the estimated amount and timing of the projected payments, the probability of each milestone s success and the discount rate. 
 
 Auditing management s estimate of the fair value of the derivative liability involved subjective auditor judgment because the fair value calculations were sensitive to changes in assumptions described above, and certain inputs used in the determination of the fair value were based on unobservable data, including, but not limited to, the estimated amount and timing of the projected payments, the probability of each milestone s success and the discount rate. 
 How We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit Our audit procedures included, among others, evaluating the methodology used in the valuation model and the significant assumptions described above. We compared the significant assumptions to current industry and market trends, to other guideline companies within the same industry, and to other relevant data. We involved our valuation specialists to assist in the evaluation including to assess whether the methodology used in developing the estimate was consistent with valuation practice given the characteristics of the derivative being measured and to develop an independent valuation of the instrument. We also analyzed certain of the significant assumptions, including the discount rate and probability of each milestone s success, to evaluate the change in the fair value that would result from changes in the assumptions. 

/s/ 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2013. 
 
 March 29, 2023 

F-3 

Table of Contents 

AVALO THERAPEUTICS, INC. and SUBSIDIARIES 
 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 (In thousands, except share and per share data) 
 December 31, 2022 2021 Assets Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Accounts receivable, net Other receivables Inventory, net Prepaid expenses and other current assets Restricted cash, current portion Total current assets Property and equipment, net Other long-term asset Intangible assets, net Goodwill Restricted cash, net of current portion Total assets Liabilities and stockholders equity Current liabilities: Accounts payable Deferred revenue Accrued expenses and other current liabilities Notes payable, current Total current liabilities Notes payable, non-current Royalty obligation Deferred tax liability, net Derivative liability Other long-term liabilities Total liabilities Stockholders (deficit) equity: Common stock par value; shares authorized at December 31, 2022 and 2021; and shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 1 
 Additional paid-in capital 1 
 Accumulated deficit ) ) Total stockholders (deficit) equity ) Total liabilities and stockholders (deficit) equity 
 
 1 
 
 See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 
 F-4 

Table of Contents 

AVALO THERAPEUTICS, INC. and SUBSIDIARIES 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss 
 (In thousands, except per share data) 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Revenues: Product revenue, net License and other revenue Total revenues, net Operating expenses: Cost of product sales Research and development Selling, general and administrative Amortization expense Total operating expenses ) ) Other expense: Interest expense, net ) ) Other expense, net ) ) Total other expense, net from continuing operations ) ) Loss from continuing operations before income taxes ) ) Income tax expense (benefit) ) Loss from continuing operations ) ) Loss from discontinued operations ) Net loss ) ) Net (loss) income per share of common stock, basic and diluted 1 : 
 Continuing operations Discontinued operations Net loss per share of common stock, basic and diluted Net (loss) income per share of preferred stock, basic and diluted 1 : 
 Continuing operations Discontinued operations Net loss per share of preferred stock, basic and diluted 
 
 1 
 
 See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 
 
 F-5 

Table of Contents 

AVALO THERAPEUTICS, INC. and SUBSIDIARIES 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders (Deficit) Equity 
 (In thousands, except share amounts) 
 Additional Total Common stock Preferred Stock paid in Accumulated stockholders Shares 1 
 Amount 1 
 Shares Amount capital 1 
 deficit (deficit) equity Balance, December 31, 2020 ) Issuance of shares of common stock and pre-funded warrants in underwritten public offering, net Issuance of common stock in underwritten public offering, net Issuance of common shares pursuant to ATM Program, net Issuance of equity classified warrants related to venture debt financing agreement Conversion of preferred stock to common stock ) ) Exercise of stock options Exercise of pre-funded warrants Shares purchased through employee stock purchase plan Restricted stock units vested during period Stock-based compensation Net loss ) ) Balance, December 31, 2021 ) Issuance of common shares pursuant to ATM Program, net Restricted stock units vested during period Shares purchased through employee stock purchase plan Impact of reverse stock split fractional share round-up Stock-based compensation Net loss ) ) Balance, December 31, 2022 ) ) 
 
 1 
 
 See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 
 F-6 

Table of Contents 

AVALO THERAPEUTICS, INC. and SUBSIDIARIES 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 (Amounts in thousands) 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Operating activities Net loss ) ) Adjustments to reconcile net loss used in operating activities: Stock-based compensation Depreciation and amortization Accretion of debt discount Allowance for other long-term asset Deferred taxes Changes in assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable, net Other receivables ) Other long-term asset ) Inventory, net ) Prepaid expenses and other assets Accounts payable ) Income taxes payable Deferred revenue Accrued expenses and other liabilities, excluding lease liability ) Lease liability, net ) ) Derivative liability Net cash used in operating activities ) ) Investing activities Purchase of property and equipment ) ) Net cash used in investing activities ) ) Financing activities Proceeds from issuance of common stock and pre-funded warrants in underwritten public offering, net Proceeds from Notes and warrants, net of debt issuance costs paid Prepayment on Notes ) Proceeds from issuance of common stock in underwritten public offering, net Proceeds from common stock pursuant to ATM Program, net Proceeds from exercise of stock options Proceeds from issuance of common stock under employee stock purchase plan Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities ) (Decrease) increase in cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash ) Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash at beginning of period Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash at end of period Supplemental disclosures of cash flow information Cash paid for interest Cash paid for taxes Supplemental disclosures of non-cash activities Leased asset obtained in exchange for new operating lease liability 

F-7 

Table of Contents 

The following table provides a reconciliation of cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash reported within the consolidated balance sheets that sum to the total of the same such amounts shown in the consolidated statements of cash flows: 
 December 31, 2022 2021 Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash, current Restricted cash, non-current Total cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 
 
 See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 

F-8 

Table of Contents 

AVALO THERAPEUTICS, INC. and SUBSIDIARIES 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 As of and for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

1. 
 
 million in cash and cash equivalents. For the year ended December 31, 2022, Avalo generated a net loss of million and negative cash flows from operations of million. As of December 31, 2022, Avalo had an accumulated deficit of million. 
 
 On February 7, 2023, the Company closed an underwritten public offering of shares of its common stock and warrants to purchase up to an aggregate shares of common stock resulting in net proceeds of approximately million, after deducting the underwriting discounts and commissions and offering expenses payable by us. The warrants were immediately exercisable at an exercise price of per share and are exercisable for one year from the issuance date. 
 
 In 2022, Avalo received million of upfront payments from business development transactions, including the out-license of AVTX-007 for million of upfront consideration. In the second quarter of 2022, the Company made a million partial prepayment on the notes issued under its venture loan and security agreement (the Loan Agreement with Horizon Technology Finance Corporation Horizon and Powerscourt Investments XXV, LP Powerscourt , and together with Horizon, the Lenders ), as collectively agreed upon with the Lenders. Avalo might consider additional prepayments prior to principal loan amounts coming due, if collectively agreed upon with the Lenders. As of December 31, 2022, the future principal payments were million, million of which is due in 2023 (beginning in the third quarter). 
 
 The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming the Company will continue as a going concern; however, losses are expected to continue as the Company continues to invest in its research and development pipeline assets. The Company will require additional financing to fund its operations and to continue to execute its business strategy within one year after the date the consolidated financial statements included herein were issued. These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. 
 
 To mitigate these conditions and to meet the Company s capital requirements, management plans to use its current cash on hand along with some combination of the following: (i) financings, (ii) out-licensing or strategic alliances/collaborations of its current pipeline 
 F-9 

Table of Contents 

2. 
 
 million from sales and marketing expense to selling, general and administrative expense for the year ended December 31, 2021 to conform with the current period presentation. 

F-10 

Table of Contents 

days. The Company offers wholesale distributors a prompt payment discount, which is typically as an incentive to remit payment within this timeframe. Accounts receivable are stated net of the estimated prompt pay discount. 

F-11 

Table of Contents 

operating leases, which both serve as administrative office space. Right-of-use ROU assets represent the right to use an underlying asset for the lease term and lease liabilities represent the Company s obligation to make lease payments arising from the lease. Operating lease liabilities are recognized on the commencement date of the lease based on the present value of the future lease payments over the lease term and are included in other long-term liabilities and other current liabilities on the Company s consolidated balance sheet. ROU assets are valued at the initial measurement of the lease liability, plus any indirect costs or rent prepayments, and reduced by any lease incentives and any deferred lease payments. Operating ROU assets are recorded in property and equipment, net on the consolidated balance sheets and are amortized over the lease term. To determine the present value of lease payments on lease commencement, the Company uses the implicit rate when readily determinable, however, as most leases do not provide an implicit rate, the Company uses its incremental borrowing rate based on information available at commencement date. The Company s lease terms may include options to extend or terminate the lease when it is reasonably certain that it will exercise that option. Furthermore, the Company has elected the practical expedient to account for the lease and non-lease components as a single lease component for the leased property asset class. Lease expense is recognized on a straight-line basis over the life of the lease and is included within selling, general and administrative expenses. 
 
 for computers and software, and for equipment and furniture. For leasehold improvements, deprecation of the asset will begin at the date it is placed in service and the depreciable life of the leasehold improvement is the shorter of the lease term or the improvement s useful life. The Company uses the lesser of the lease term or 

operating segment. All long lived assets of the Company reside in the United States. 
 
 reporting unit. 

F-12 

Table of Contents 

F-13 

Table of Contents 

F-14 

Table of Contents 

3. 
 
 million, which was recognized as license and other revenue for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 Additionally, the portion of the ES Transaction (as defined in Note 5) related to AVTX-611 represents a contract modification which resulted in the Company recognizing million of license and other revenue for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 Product Revenue, net 
 
 F-15 

Table of Contents 

and of the Company s total net product revenues. For the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company s three largest customers accounted for approximately , , and of the Company s total net product revenues. Net revenue from sales of prescription drugs was million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 The Company has a license and supply agreement for the Millipred product with a wholly owned subsidiary of Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd. Teva ), which expires on September 30, 2023. Avalo is required to pay Teva percent of the net profit of the Millipred product following each calendar quarter, subject to a million quarterly minimum payment, which commenced on July 1, 2021. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company recognized million and million, respectively, in cost of product sales related to the royalty. Dr. Sol Barer served as the Chairman of the Company s board of directors until June 2021 and at the time of the agreement with Teva as, and currently serves as, the Chairman of Teva s board of directors. 
 
 Aytu, to which the Company sold its rights, title, and interests in assets relating to certain commercialized products in 2019 (the Aytu Transaction ), managed Millipred commercial operations until August 31, 2021 pursuant to a transition services agreement, which included managing the third-party logistics provider and providing accounting reporting services. Aytu collected cash on behalf of Avalo for revenue generated by sales of Millipred from the second quarter of 2020 through the third quarter of 2021 and is obligated to transfer the cash generated by such sales to Avalo. In the third quarter of 2021, Avalo finalized its trade and distribution channel to allow it to control third party distribution and began managing Millipred commercial operations at that time. The transition services agreement allows Aytu to withhold cash of million until September 30, 2022 and million until December 2024. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the total receivable balance, which represents revenue generated by sales of Millipred during the time Aytu was managing its commercial operations partially offset by minimal commercial operation liabilities Aytu paid on our behalf, was estimated to be approximately million, million of which was currently due pursuant to the transition services agreement. Avalo received million of the million current receivable in January 2023. 
 
 million due in December 2024 as a result of Aytu s conclusion within its Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2022, that substantial doubt existed with respect to its ability to continue as a going concern within one year after the date of financial statements were issued. This conclusion has remained unchanged within Aytu s most recent publicly disclosed financial statements. We will continue to re-assess collectability each reporting period. 

4. 
 
 classes of stock outstanding during the year ended December 31, 2021; common stock and preferred stock. The convertible preferred stock outstanding during the period converted to shares of common stock on a 1-for-0.42 ratio (ratio adjusted for the reverse stock split) and had the same rights, preferences, and privileges as common stock other than it held no voting rights. In April 2021, Armistice converted the remaining shares of convertible preferred stock into shares of Avalo s common stock. Under the two-class method, the convertible preferred stock was considered a separate class of stock until the time it was converted to common stock for EPS purposes. Therefore basic and diluted EPS is provided below for common stock for the year ended December 31, 2022, and both common stock and preferred stock for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 
 EPS for common stock and EPS for preferred stock is computed by dividing the sum of distributed earnings and undistributed earnings for each class of stock by the weighted average number of shares outstanding for each class of stock for the period. In applying the two-class method, undistributed earnings are allocated to common stock and preferred stock based on the weighted average shares outstanding during the period, which assumes the convertible preferred stock has been converted to common stock. The weighted average number of common shares outstanding as of December 31, 2021 includes the weighted average effect of the pre-funded warrants issued in connection with the underwritten public offering that closed in January 2021, the exercise of which requires nominal consideration for the delivery of the shares of common stock (refer to Note 11 for more information). 
 
 F-16 

Table of Contents 
 
 Weighted average shares Basic and diluted net loss per share 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2021 Common stock Preferred Stock Continuing Operations Discontinued Operations Continuing Operations Discontinued Operations Allocation of undistributed net loss Weighted average shares Basic and diluted net loss per share 
 
 Warrants on common stock 1 
 Restricted Stock Units 
 1 The weighted average number of common shares outstanding as of December 31, 2021 includes the weighted average effect of the pre-funded warrants issued in connection with the underwritten public offering that closed in January 2021 because the exercise of such warrants requires nominal consideration per share exercise price for each pre-funded warrant). During 2021, the holder exercised of the pre-funded warrants. As of December 31, 2022, the weighted average number of common shares outstanding included the weighted average effect of the remaining pre-funded warrants outstanding. Therefore, these pre-funded warrants are not included in the table above. 

5. 
 F-17 

Table of Contents 

Liabilities Derivative liability 
 
 December 31, 2021 Fair Value Measurements Using Quoted prices in Significant other Significant active markets for observable unobservable identical assets inputs inputs (Level 1) (Level 2) (Level 3) Assets Investments in money market funds 

As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company s financial instruments included cash and cash equivalents, restricted cash, accounts receivable, other receivables, prepaid and other current assets, accounts payable, accrued expenses and other current liabilities, derivative liability and long-term debt. The carrying amounts reported in the accompanying financial statements for cash and cash equivalents, restricted cash, accounts receivable, other receivables, prepaid and other current assets, accounts payable, and accrued expenses and other current liabilities approximate their respective fair values because of the short-term nature of these accounts. The estimated fair value of the Company s debt approximates its carrying value as of December 31, 2022 and is in Level Two of the fair value hierarchy (refer to Note 10 for more information). 
 
 Level 3 Valuation 
 
 Initial valuation of derivative liability Change in fair value of derivative liability Balance at December 31, 2022 
 
 On November 7, 2022, Avalo sold its economic rights to future milestone and royalty payments for previously out-licensed assets AVTX-501, AVTX-007, and AVTX-611 to ES Therapeutics, LLC ES ), an affiliate of Armistice, in exchange for million (the ES Transaction ). Armistice is a significant stockholder of the Company and whose chief investment officer, Steven Boyd, and 
 F-18 

Table of Contents 

million upon the filing and acceptance of an NDA for AVTX-501 pursuant to an agreement with Janssen Pharmaceutics, Inc., (the AVTX-501 Milestone and (b) rights to any future milestone payments and royalties relating to AVTX-007 under a license agreement with Apollo AP43 Limited, including up to million of development milestones, up to million in sales-based milestones, and royalty payments of a low single digit percentage of annual net sales (which percentage increases to another low single digit percentage if annual net sales exceed a specified threshold) (the AVTX-007 Milestones and Royalties ). In addition, Avalo waived all its rights to AVTX-611 sales-based payments of up to million that were payable by ES (refer to Note 3). 
 
 The exchange of the economic rights of the AVTX-501 Milestone and AVTX-007 Milestones and Royalties for cash meets the definition of a derivative instrument. The fair value of the derivative liability is determined using a combination of a scenario-based method and an option pricing method (implemented using a Monte Carlo simulation). The significant inputs including probabilities of success, expected timing, and forecasted sales as well as market-based inputs for volatility, risk-adjusted discount rates and allowance for counterparty credit risk are unobservable and based on the best information available to Avalo. Certain information used in the valuation is inherently limited in nature and could differ from Janssen and Apollo s internal estimates. 
 
 The fair value of the derivative liability as of the transaction date was approximately million, of which million was attributable to the AVTX-501 Milestone and million was attributable to the AVX-007 Milestones and Royalties. The fair value of the AVTX-501 Milestone was primarily driven by an approximate probability of success to reach the milestone in approximately years. The fair value of AVTX-007 Milestones and Royalties were primarily driven by an approximate probability of success, time to commercialization of years, and sales forecasts with peak annual net sales reaching million. As discussed above, these unobservable inputs were estimated by Avalo based on limited publicly available information and therefore could differ from Janssen and Apollo s internal development plans. Any changes to these inputs may result in significant changes to the fair value measurement. Notably, the probability of success is the largest driver of the fair value and therefore changes to such input would likely result in significant changes to such fair value. 
 
 Subsequent to the transaction date, at each reporting period, the derivative liability is remeasured at fair value with changes recognized in other income (expense), net in the accompanying statements of operations and comprehensive loss. There was no change in the fair value as of December 31, 2022 given no significant changes to the inputs and the short time period elapsed. The Company will re-assess the significant unobservable inputs each reporting period. 
 
 In the event that Janssen and/or Apollo are required to make payment(s) to ES Therapeutics pursuant to the underlying agreements, Avalo will recognize revenue under its existing contracts with those customers for that amount when it is no longer probable there would be a significant revenue reversal with any differences between the fair value of the derivative liability related to that payment immediately prior to the revenue recognition and revenue recognized to be recorded as other expense. However, given Avalo is no longer entitled to collect these payments, the potential ultimate settlement of the payments in the future from Janssen and/or Apollo to ES Therapeutics (and the future mark-to-market activity each reporting period) will not impact Avalo s future cash flows. 

6. 
 F-19 

Table of Contents 

Computers and software Right-of-use assets Leasehold improvements Total property and equipment Less accumulated depreciation ) ) Property and equipment, net 
 
 Depreciation expense was million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. 
 
 Leases 
 
 Avalo currently occupies leased properties, both of which serve as administrative office space. The Company determined that both leases are operating leases based on the lease classification test performed at lease commencement. 
 
 The annual base rent for the Company's office located in Rockville, Maryland is million, subject to annual increases over the term of the lease. The lease provided for a rent abatement for a period of months following the Company s date of occupancy. The lease has an initial term of years from the date the Company made its first annual fixed rent payment, which occurred in January 2020. The Company has the option to extend the lease times, each for a period of , and may terminate the lease as of the sixth anniversary of the first annual fixed rent payment, upon the payment of a termination fee. 
 
 The initial annual base rent for the Company s office located in Chesterbrook, Pennsylvania is million and the annual operating expenses are approximately million. The annual base rent is subject to periodic increases of approximately over the term of the lease. The lease has an initial term of years from the lease commencement on December 1, 2021. 
 
 The weighted average remaining term of the operating leases at December 31, 2022 was years. 
 
 Accrued expenses and other current liabilities Other long-term liabilities Total operating lease liabilities 
 
 The operating lease right-of-use (ROU) assets are included in property and equipment and the lease liabilities are included in accrued expenses and other current liabilities and other long-term liabilities in the Company s consolidated balance sheets. The Company utilized a weighted average discount rate of to determine the present value of the lease payments. 
 
 Includes short-term leases, which are immaterial. 

F-20 

Table of Contents 

2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total lease payments Less implied interest ) Total 

7. 
 
 changes in the carrying amount of goodwill for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 
 Amortization ) Balance as of December 31, 2021 Amortization ) Balance as of December 31, 2022 
 
 Avalo s acquired assembled workforce and acquired product marketing rights were fully amortized in the first quarter of 2022 and fourth quarter of 2021, respectively. 
 ) Acquired Assembled Workforce ) Total ) 
 
 December 31, 2021 Gross Carrying Amount Accumulated Amortization Net Carrying Amount Weighted-Average Remaining Life (in years) Acquired Product Marketing Rights ) Acquired Assembled Workforce ) Total ) 

8. 
 
 F-21 

Table of Contents 

Compensation and benefits Selling, general and administrative Commercial operations Royalty payment Lease liability, current Other Total accrued expenses and other current liabilities 
 
 Pursuant to the out-license of AVTX-007 to Apollo in 2022, Avalo and Apollo agreed to transition to Apollo responsibility for conducting the study of AVTX-007 for the treatment of adult-onset Still s disease and certain manufacturing activities for the compound, with Avalo remaining responsible for continuing such activities at Apollo s expense until such transition. The Other line above includes million of expense incurred by Apollo under specified third-party contracts that are in-process of being transitioned to Apollo. Apollo is contractually obligated to reimburse Avalo for these expenses and therefore we recognized a corresponding receivable within other receivables as of December 31, 2022. 

9. 
 
 million of expense in the first quarter of 2022, of which million was recognized in research and development expense, and million was recognized in selling, general and administrative expense. million was paid during the year ended December 31, 2022. The remaining liability will be paid in the first quarter of 2023 pursuant to the separation agreements. Additionally, million of stock-based compensation expense was recognized in the first quarter of 2022 related to the Plan, which was mainly related to accelerated vesting of certain separated employees stock options. 
 
 from the respective separation dates. As a result, the Company recognized million of severance expense for the year ended December 30, 2022 in selling, general and administrative expenses. Additionally, the Company accelerated the vesting of certain outstanding stock options held by these former executives and extended the exercisability periods, which resulted in million of stock-based compensation cost in the first quarter of 2022 in selling, general and administrative expenses. Refer to Note 12 for information regarding stock compensation expense related to separations entered into in the first quarter of 2022. 

10. 
 
 million Loan Agreement with the Lenders. In accordance with the Loan Agreement, million was funded on the closing date (the Initial Note ), with the remaining million fundable upon the Company achieving certain predetermined milestones, which the Company met in the third quarter of 2021. On July 30, 2021, after achieving a predetermined milestone, the Company borrowed an additional million, which was evidenced by a second note payable (the Second Note ). On September 29, 2021, after achieving a second predetermined milestone, the Company borrowed the remaining million, which was evidenced by a third note payable (the Third Note , and collectively with the Initial and Second Notes, the Notes ). 
 
 F-22 

Table of Contents 

million to the Lenders, of which million was applied to principal and the remainder applied to accrued interest. As of December 31, 2022, the outstanding notes payable balance was million, inclusive of the final payment fee. Avalo might consider additional prepayments prior to principal loan amounts coming due, if collectively agreed upon with the Lenders. 
 
 Each advance under the Loan Agreement will mature months from the first day of the month following the funding of the advance. Each advance accrues interest at a per annum rate of interest equal to plus the prime rate, as reported in the Wall Street Journal (subject to a floor of ). The Loan Agreement provides for interest-only payments for each advance for the first months, however the interest-only period was extended to months as a result of the Company satisfying the Interest Only Extension Milestone (as defined in the Loan Agreement) in the third quarter of 2021. Thereafter, amortization payments will be payable in monthly installments of principal and interest through each advance s maturity date. Upon business days prior written notice, the Company may prepay all of the outstanding advances by paying the entire principal balance and all accrued and unpaid interest, subject to prepayment charges of up to of the then outstanding principal balance. Upon the earlier of (i) payment in full of the principal balance, (ii) an event of default, or (iii) the maturity date, the Company will pay an additional final payment of of the principal loan amount to the Lenders. 
 
 Each advance of the loan is secured by a lien on substantially all of the Company s assets, other than Intellectual Property and Excluded Collateral (in each case as defined in the Loan Agreement), and contains customary covenants and representations, including a financial reporting covenant and limitations on dividends, indebtedness, collateral, investments, distributions, transfers, mergers or acquisitions taxes, corporate changes, deposit accounts, and subsidiaries. 
 
 The events of default under the Loan Agreement include but are not limited to, failing to make a payment, breach of covenant, or occurrence of a material adverse change. If an event of default occurs, the Lenders are entitled to accelerate the loan amounts to be due or take other enforcement actions. The accelerated payment obligations would include the outstanding principal balance (inclusive of the final payment fee), a prepayment charge on the outstanding principal balance of up to , and any accrued and unpaid interest. As of the filing date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, the Company was not aware of any breach of covenants, occurrence of a material adverse change, nor had it received any notice of event of default from the Lenders. 
 
 On June 4, 2021, pursuant to the Loan Agreement, the Company issued warrants to the Lenders to purchase shares of the Company s common stock with an exercise price of per share (the Warrants ). The Warrants are exercisable for from the date of issuance. The Lenders may exercise the Warrants either by (a) cash or check or (b) through a net issuance conversion. The Warrants, which met equity classification, were recognized as a component of permanent stockholders equity within additional paid-in-capital and were recorded at the issuance date using a relative fair value allocation method. The Company valued the Warrants at issuance, which resulted in a discount on the debt, and allocated the proceeds from the loan proportionately to the Notes and to the Warrants, of which million was allocated to the Warrants. 
 
 In 2021, the Company incurred million in debt issuance costs, including legal fees in connection with the Loan Agreement, fees paid directly to the Lenders, and other direct costs. All fees, warrants, and costs paid to the Lenders and all direct costs incurred by the Company are recognized as a debt discount and are amortized to interest expense using the effective interest method over the term of the loan. The million final payment fee is included in the contractual cash flows and is accreted to interest expense using the effective interest method over the term of the loan. 
 
 The effective interest rate of the Notes, including the accretion of the final payment, was as of December 31, 2022. 

F-23 

Table of Contents 

January 2025 Second Note February 2025 Third Note April 2025 Notes payable, gross 1 
 Less: Unamortized debt discount and issuance costs Carrying value of notes payable Less: Current portion Carrying value of notes payable, non-current 
 million final payment fee for the Notes, which represents of the original principal loan amount. 
 
 2024 2025 2026 Total principal payments 1 
 
 million final payment fee, which represents of the original principal loan amount . 

11. 
 classes of stock; common stock and preferred stock. At December 31, 2022, the total number of shares of capital stock the Company was authorized to issue was of which was common stock and was preferred stock. All shares of common and preferred stock have a par value of per share. 
 
 Common Stock 
 
 On February 7, 2023, the Company closed an underwritten public offering of shares of its common stock and warrants to purchase up to shares of common stock, at a combined price to the public of per share and warrant, resulting in net proceeds of approximately million, after deducting the underwriting discounts and commissions and offering expenses payable by us. The warrants were immediately exercisable at an exercise price of per share and are exercisable for one year from the issuance date. Armistice participated in the offering by purchasing million shares of common stock and million warrants, on the same terms as all other investors. Certain affiliates of Nantahala Capital Management LLC (collectively Nantahala and Point72 Asset Management, L.P., which each beneficially owned greater than of the Company s outstanding common stock at the time of the offering, participated in the offering on the same terms as all other investors. The Company will evaluate the accounting impact of the offering in the first quarter of 2023. 
 
 At-the-Market Offering Program 
 
 In July 2021, the Company entered into an at-the-market sales agreement with Cantor Fitzgerald Co. and RBC Capital Markets, LLC (together, the Agents ), pursuant to which the Company may sell from time to time, shares of its common stock having an aggregate offering price of up to million through the Agents. The Company has sold million shares of common stock under the ATM Program for net proceeds of approximately million. 
 
 2021 Financings 
 
 Q3 2021 Equity Financing 
 
 F-24 

Table of Contents 

million shares of its common stock for net proceeds of million. Armistice participated in the offering by purchasing million shares of common stock, on the same terms as all other investors. Certain affiliates of Nantahala, which beneficially owned greater than of the Company s outstanding common stock at the time of the offering, participated in the offering on the same terms as all other investors. 
 
 Q2 2021 Debt Financing Agreement 
 
 As part of the Loan Agreement entered into in the second quarter of 2021, on June 4, 2021, the Company issued the Warrants to Horizon and Powerscourt to purchase shares of the Company s common stock with an exercise price of . The Warrants are exercisable for from the date of issuance. Refer to Note 10 for additional information. 
 
 Q1 2021 Equity Financing 
 
 In January 2021, the Company closed an underwritten public offering of million shares of its common stock and pre-funded warrants for net proceeds of million. Armistice participated in the offering by purchasing million shares of common stock, on the same terms as all other investors. Nantahala participated in the offering by purchasing million shares of common stock, on the same terms as all other investors. Nantahala also purchased pre-funded warrants to purchase up to shares of common stock at a purchase price of , which represents the per share public offering price for the common stock less the per share exercise price for each pre-funded warrant. During 2021, Nantahala exercised of the pre-funded warrants. As of December 31, 2022, pre-funded warrants were outstanding. 
 
 Common Stock Warrants 
 
 June 2024 June 2031 
 On February 7, 2023, as part of the underwritten public offering, the Company issued warrants to purchase up to an aggregate of shares of common stock. The warrants were immediately exercisable upon issuance at an exercise price of per share and are exercisable for one year from the issuance date. 

12. 
 of the total number of outstanding shares of common stock of the Company on the last trading day in December of the prior calendar year. As of December 31, 2022, there were shares available for future issuance under the 2016 Third Amended Plan. On January 1, 2023, pursuant to the terms of the 2016 Third Amended and Restated Plan, an additional shares were made available for issuance. 
 
 Option grants expire after . Employee options typically vest over . Employees typically receive a new hire option grant, as well as an annual grant in the first or second quarter of each year. In addition, in the first and fourth quarters of 2022, employees were granted options that vest on the first anniversary of the grant date. Options granted to directors typically vest immediately or over a period of one or . Directors may elect to receive stock options in lieu of board compensation, which vest immediately. For stock options granted to employees and non-employee directors, the estimated grant date fair market value of the Company s stock-based awards is amortized ratably over the individuals service periods, which is the period in which the awards vest. Stock-based compensation expense includes expense related to stock options, restricted stock units and employee stock purchase 
 F-25 

Table of Contents 

Selling, general and administrative Total stock-based compensation 
 
 As a result of separation agreements executed in the first quarter of 2022 and in accordance with the terms of the pre-existing employment agreements, the Company accelerated the vesting of certain separated employees stock options and modified certain awards to extend the exercisability periods. As a result, the Company recognized million of compensation cost in the first quarter of 2022, all of which was recognized in selling, general and administrative expense. 
 
 Stock options with service-based vesting conditions 
 
 The Company has granted stock options that contain service-based vesting conditions. The compensation cost for these options is recognized on a straight-line basis over the vesting periods. 
 Granted Forfeited ) Expired ) Balance at December 31, 2022 Exercisable at December 31, 2022 
 
 In March 2022, the Company granted million options with service-based vesting conditions to its employees as part of its annual stock option award that vest over . Additionally, in March and October 2022, the Company granted million and options, respectively, to its employees that vest on the first anniversary of the grant date. As a result of the reduction in workforce plan, million options were forfeited in the first quarter of 2022, and million options were forfeited as a result of other terminations during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 The aggregate intrinsic value of stock options is calculated as the difference between the exercise price of the stock options and the fair value of the Company s common stock for those stock options that had exercise prices lower than the fair value of the Company s common stock. As of December 31, 2022, the aggregate intrinsic value of options outstanding was million. The aggregate intrinsic value of options currently exercisable as of December 31, 2022 was . There were options that vested during the year ended December 31, 2022, with a weighted average exercise price of per share, which included the acceleration of certain options in accordance with the separation agreements entered into in the first quarter of 2022. The total grant date fair value of shares which vested during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was million and million, respectively. 
 
 The Company recognized stock-based compensation expense of million and million related to stock options with service-based vesting conditions for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. At December 31, 2022, there was million of total unrecognized compensation cost related to unvested service-based vesting conditions awards. This unrecognized compensation cost is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of years. 
 
 F-26 

Table of Contents 

million options with service-based vesting conditions to its employees as part of its annual stock option award that vests over four years. Additionally, subsequent to December 31, 2022, million options expired. 
 
 Stock-based compensation assumptions 
 
 Expected stock price volatility Risk-free interest rate Expected annual dividend yield 
 
 The valuation assumptions were determined as follows: 
 Expected term of options: Due to lack of sufficient historical data, the Company estimates the expected life of its stock options with service-based vesting granted to employees and members of the board of directors as the arithmetic average of the vesting term and the original contractual term of the option. 
 
 Expected stock price volatility: The Company estimated the expected volatility based on a blend of Avalo's actual historical volatility of its stock price and the historical volatility of other similar publicly-traded biotechnology companies. The Company calculated the historical volatility of the selected companies by using weekly closing prices over a period of the expected term of the associated award. The companies were selected based on their risk profiles, enterprise value, position within the industry, and historical stock price information sufficient to meet the expected term of the associated award. A decrease in the selected volatility would decrease the fair value of the underlying instrument. 
 Risk free interest rate: The Company bases the risk free interest rate on the interest rate payable on U.S. Treasury securities in effect at the time of grant for a period that is commensurate with the assumed expected option term. 
 Expected annual dividend yield: The Company estimated the expected dividend yield based on consideration of its historical dividend experience and future dividend expectations. The Company has not historically declared or paid dividends to stockholders. Moreover, it does not intend to pay dividends in the future, but instead expects to retain any earnings to invest in the continued growth of the business. Accordingly, the Company assumed an expected dividend yield of . 
 
 Stock options with market-based vesting conditions 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, there were million exercisable stock options that contained market-based vesting conditions (that had been previously satisfied). The options have a weighted average stock price per share of and a weighted average remaining contractual term of years. There were stock options with market-based vesting conditions granted, exercised, or forfeited for the year ended December 31, 2022. The Company recognized stock-based compensation expense related to stock options with market-based vesting conditions for the year ended December 31, 2022 and recognized million for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 
 Restricted Stock Units 
 
 The Company measures the fair value of restricted stock units using the stock price on the date of grant. The restricted shares typically vest annually over a period beginning on the first anniversary of the award. As of December 31, 2022, there were unvested restricted stock units outstanding. During the year ended December 31, 2022, restricted stock units vested and had a weighted average grant date fair value of per unit. 
 
 Employee Stock Purchase Plan 
 
 On April 5, 2016, the Company s board of directors approved the 2016 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (the ESPP ). The ESPP was approved by the Company s stockholders and became effective on May 18, 2016 (the ESPP Effective Date ). 
 
 F-27 

Table of Contents 

of the lower of the fair market value of a share of the Company s common stock (i) on the first day of an offering period or (ii) on the purchase date. Eligible employees may contribute up to of their earnings during the offering period. The Company s board of directors may establish a maximum number of shares of the Company s common stock that may be purchased by any participant, or all participants in the aggregate, during each offering or offering period. Under the ESPP, a participant may not accrue rights to purchase more than of the fair market value of the Company s common stock for each calendar year in which such right is outstanding. 
 
 The Company initially reserved and authorized up to shares of common stock for issuance under the ESPP. During the term of the ESPP, on January 1 of each calendar year ending on (and including) January 1, 2026, the aggregate number of shares that may be issued under the ESPP automatically increases by a number equal to the lesser of (i) of the total number of shares of the Company s capital stock outstanding on December 31 of the preceding calendar year, and (ii) shares of the Company s common stock, or (iii) a number of shares of the Company s common stock as determined by the Company s board of directors or compensation committee. As of December 31, 2022, shares remained available for issuance. On January 1, 2023, the number of shares available for issuance under the ESPP increased by . 
 
 In accordance with the guidance in ASC 718-50, Employee Share Purchase Plans , the ability to purchase shares of the Company s common stock at the lower of the offering date price or the purchase date price represents an option and, therefore, the ESPP is a compensatory plan under this guidance. Accordingly, stock-based compensation expense is determined based on the option s grant-date fair value and is recognized over the requisite service period of the option. The Company used the Black-Scholes valuation model and recognized stock-based compensation expense of million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

13. 
 
 interest or penalties related to uncertain tax positions arising in the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. It is the Company s policy to treat interest and penalties, to the extent they arise, as a component of income taxes. 
 
 ) State Total Current ) Deferred: Federal State ) Total Deferred Net income tax expense (benefit) ) 

F-28 

Table of Contents 

Tax credits Capitalized research and development Stock-based compensation Basis difference in tangible and intangible assets, net Accrued compensation Installment sale and revenue recognition Other reserves Lease liability Prepaid expenses ) ) Right-of-use asset ) ) Total deferred tax assets, net Less valuation allowance ) ) Net deferred taxes ) ) 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company had approximately million of gross net operating losses for federal and state tax purposes that will begin to expire in 2031. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had various research tax credits of million that will begin to expire in 2038. 
 
 Stock compensation ) ) State taxes ) Research tax credit NOL carryback due to CARES Act Other ) ) Valuation allowance ) ) Effective income tax rate ) 
 
 The valuation allowance recorded by the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 resulted from the uncertainties of the future utilization of deferred tax assets mainly resulting from net operating loss carry forwards for federal and state income tax purposes as well as the federal research and experimental and orphan drug tax credits. In assessing the realization of deferred tax assets, management considers the reversal of deferred tax liabilities, as well as whether it is more likely than not that all or some portion of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. The ultimate realization of the deferred tax assets is dependent upon generation of future taxable income during the periods in which temporary differences are expected to reverse. The Company has established deferred tax liabilities for indefinite lived intangible assets consisting of goodwill that are not amortized for financial reporting purposes, but are tax deductible and therefore amortized over 15 years for tax purposes. The Company has concluded that the resulting deferred tax liability will also have an indefinite life unless there is an impairment of the related assets (for financial reporting purposes), or the disposal of the business to which the assets relate. Losses generated in years after 2017 will also have an indefinite life and will be available to offset 80 percent of any federal tax liability and will be available to offset many of the state deferred tax liabilities subject to utilization limits. A portion of existing deferred tax assets will reverse in the future, potentially generating net operating losses that will also be available to offset a portion of the indefinite lived deferred tax liability. Based on the consideration of these facts, the Company concluded it is more likely than not that a significant portion of its remaining gross deferred tax assets less the reversal of deferred tax liabilities will not be realized in the future, accordingly, a full valuation allowance continues to be recorded against the Company s deferred tax asset as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. 
 F-29 

Table of Contents 

million, which was reflected as a benefit in 2020. The Company received its federal refund in 2021 and recorded an additional benefit of million in 2021 related to additional interest received. The Company is awaiting approximately million of a Maryland refund related to the same provision as of December 31, 2022, which is recognized in other receivables within the accompanying consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2022. 

14. 
 
 million. The Company has not recognized a liability within its accompanying consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2022 because it does not believe it is probable that the contingent bonus will be earned in context of ASC 450. The Company will evaluate the contingent bonus in regards to recognizing such liability each reporting period. 
 
 Possible Future Milestone Payments for In-Licensed Compounds 
 
 General 
 
 Avalo is a party to license and development agreements with various third parties, which contain future payment obligations such as royalties and milestone payments. The Company recognizes a liability (and related expense) for each milestone if and when such milestone is probable and can be reasonably estimated. As typical in the biotechnology industry, each milestone has unique risks that the Company evaluates when determining the probability of achieving each milestone and the probability of success evolves over time as the programs progress and additional information is obtained. The Company considers numerous factors when evaluating whether a 
 F-30 

Table of Contents 

million. The Company is also required to pay KKC up to an aggregate of million based on the achievement of specified development and regulatory milestones. Upon commercialization, the Company is required to pay KKC sales-based milestones aggregating up to million, tied to the achievement of annual net sales targets. 
 
 Additionally, the Company is required to pay KKC royalties during a country-by-country royalty term equal to a mid-teen percentage of annual net sales. The Company is required to pay KKC a double-digit percentage (less than of the payments that the Company receives from any sublicensing of its rights under the KKC License Agreement, subject to certain exclusions. Avalo is responsible for the development and commercialization of AVTX-002 in all indications worldwide (other than the option in the KKC License Agreement that, upon exercise by KKC, allows KKC to develop, manufacture and commercialize AVTX-002 in Japan). In addition to the KKC License Agreement, Avalo is subject to additional royalties upon commercialization of up to an amount of less than 10 of net sales. 
 
 expense related to the KKC License Agreement was recognized for the year ended December 31, 2022. The Company recognized the upfront license fee of million within research and development expenses for the year ended December 31, 2021. There has been cumulative expense recognized as of December 31, 2022 related to the milestones under the KKC License Agreement. The Company will continue to monitor the milestones at each reporting period. 
 
 AVTX-006 Astellas License Agreement 
 
 The Company has an exclusive license agreement with OSI Pharmaceuticals, LLC, an indirect wholly owned subsidiary of Astellas Pharma, Inc. Astellas ), for the worldwide development and commercialization of the novel, second generation mTORC1/2 inhibitor (AVTX-006). Under the terms of the license agreement, there was an upfront license fee of million. The Company is required to pay Astellas up to an aggregate of million based on the achievement of specified development and regulatory milestones. The Company is also required to pay Astellas a tiered mid-to-high single digit percentage of the payments that Avalo receives from any sublicensing of its rights under the Astellas license agreement, subject to certain exclusions. Upon commercialization, the Company is required to pay Astellas royalties during a country-by-country royalty term equal to a tiered mid-to-high single digit percentage of annual net sales. Avalo is fully responsible for the development and commercialization of the program. 
 
 expense related to this license agreement was recognized for the year ended December 31, 2022. The Company recognized a million development milestone payment within research and development expenses for the year ended December 31, 2021. There has been million of cumulative expense recognized as of December 31, 2022 related to the milestones under this license agreement. The Company will continue to monitor the remaining milestones at each reporting period. 
 
 AVTX-008 Sanford Burnham Prebys License Agreement 
 
 On June 22, 2021, the Company entered into an Exclusive Patent License Agreement with Sanford Burnham Prebys Medical Discovery Institute (the Sanford Burnham Prebys License Agreement under which the Company obtained an exclusive license to a portfolio of issued patents and patent applications covering an immune checkpoint program (AVTX-008). 
 
 Under the terms of the Sanford Burnham Prebys License Agreement, the Company incurred an upfront license fee of million, as well as patent costs of million. The Company is required to pay Sanford Burnham Prebys up to an aggregate of million based on achievement of specified development and regulatory milestones. Upon commercialization, the Company is required to pay Sanford Burnham Prebys sales-based milestone payments aggregating up to million tied to annual net sales targets. Additionally, the Company is required to pay Sanford Burnham Prebys royalties during a country-by-country royalty term equal to a low-to-mid single digit percentage of annual net sales. The Company is also required to pay Sanford Burnham Prebys a tiered low-double digit percentage of the payments that Avalo receives from sublicensing of its rights under the Sanford Burnham Prebys License Agreement, subject to certain exclusions. Avalo is fully responsible for the development and commercialization of the program. 
 F-31 

Table of Contents 

expense related to this license agreement was recognized for the year ended December 31, 2022. The Company recognized the upfront license fee of million within research and development expenses and the upfront patent expense of million within selling, general and administrative expenses for the year December 31, 2021. There has been cumulative expense recognized as of December 31, 2022 related to the milestones under this license agreement. The Company will continue to monitor the milestones at each reporting period. 
 
 Possible Future Milestone Proceeds for Out-Licensed Compounds 
 
 AVTX-301 Out-License 
 
 On May 28, 2021, the Company out-licensed its rights in respect of its non-core asset, AVTX-301, to Alto Neuroscience, Inc. Alto ). The Company initially in-licensed the compound from an affiliate of Merck Co., Inc. in 2013. 
 
 Under the out-license agreement, the Company received a mid-six-digit upfront payment from Alto. The Company is also eligible to receive up to an aggregate of million based on the achievement of specified development, regulatory and commercial sales milestones. Additionally, the Company is entitled to a less than single digit percentage royalty based on annual net sales. Alto is fully responsible for the development and commercialization of the program. 
 
 Avalo recognized the upfront fee as license revenue for the year ended December 31, 2021. The Company has t recognized any revenue related to milestones as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 AVTX-406 License Assignment 
 
 On June 9, 2021, the Company assigned its rights, title, interest, and obligations under an in-license covering its non-core asset, AVTX-406, to ES, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Armistice. The transaction with ES was approved in accordance with Avalo s related party transaction policy. 
 
 Under the assignment agreement, the Company received a low-six-digit upfront payment from ES. The Company is also eligible to receive up to an aggregate of million based on the achievement of specified development and regulatory milestones. Upon commercialization, the Company is eligible to receive sales-based milestone payments aggregating up to million tied to annual net sales targets. ES is fully responsible for the development and commercialization of the program. 
 
 Avalo recognized the upfront fee as license revenue for the year ended December 31, 2021. The Company has t recognized any revenue related to milestones as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 Acquisition Related and Other Contingent Liabilities 
 
 Aevi Merger Possible Future Milestone Payments 
 
 In the first quarter of 2020, the Company consummated its merger with Aevi Genomic Medicine Inc. Aevi ), in which Avalo acquired the rights to AVTX-002, AVTX-006 and AVTX-007 (the Merger or the Aevi Merger ). A portion of the consideration for the Aevi Merger included future contingent development milestones worth up to an additional million, payable in either shares of Avalo s common stock or cash, at the election of Avalo. 
 
 The first milestone was the enrollment of a patient in a Phase 2 study related to AVTX-002 (for treatment of pediatric onset Crohn's disease), AVTX-006 (for treatment of any indication), or AVTX-007 (for treatment of any indication) prior to February 3, 2022, which would have resulted in a milestone payment of million. The Company did not meet the first milestone prior to February 3, 2022. Therefore, contingent consideration related to this milestone was recognized as of December 31, 2022 and no future contingent consideration will be recognized. 
 
 The second milestone is the receipt of an NDA approval for either AVTX-006 or AVTX-007 from the FDA on or prior to February 3, 2025. If this milestone is met, the Company is required to make a milestone payment of million. The contingent consideration related to the second development milestone will be recognized if and when such milestone is probable and can be reasonably estimated. contingent consideration related to the second development milestone has been recognized as of December 31, 2022. The Company will continue to monitor the second milestone at each reporting period. 
 
 Ichorion Asset Acquisition Possible Future Milestone Payments 
 F-32 

Table of Contents 

compounds for inherited metabolic disorders known as CDGs (AVTX-801, AVTX-802 and AVTX-803) and other preclinical compound. Consideration for the transaction included shares of Avalo common stock and future contingent development milestones for the acquired compounds worth up to an additional million. All milestones are payable in either shares of the Company's common stock or cash, at the election of Avalo. 
 
 The first and second milestone were marketing approval of the first and second product, respectively, by the FDA on or prior to December 31, 2021, which would have resulted in milestone payments of million and million, respectively. The Company did not meet the first or second milestone as of December 31, 2021. As a result, contingent consideration related to these milestones was recognized as of December 31, 2021 and future contingent consideration will be recognized. 
 
 The third milestone is marketing approval of a protide molecule by the FDA on or prior to December 31, 2023. If this milestone is met, the Company is required to make a milestone payment of million. The contingent consideration related to the third development milestone will be recognized if and when such milestone is probable and can be reasonably estimated. contingent consideration related to the third milestone has been recognized as of December 31, 2022. The Company will continue to monitor the third development milestone at each reporting period. 
 
 AVTX-006 Royalty Agreement with Certain Related Parties 
 
 In July 2019, Aevi entered into a royalty agreement, and liabilities thereunder were assumed by Avalo upon close of the Aevi Merger in February 2020. The royalty agreement provided certain investors, including LeoGroup Private Investment Access, LLC on behalf of Garry Neil, the Company s Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board, and Mike Cola, the Company s former Chief Executive Officer (collectively, the Investors ), a royalty stream, in exchange for a one-time aggregate payment of million (the Royalty Agreement ). Pursuant to the Royalty Agreement, the Investors will be entitled collectively to an aggregate amount equal to a low-single digit percentage of the aggregate net sales of the Company s second generation mTORC1/2 inhibitor, AVTX-006. At any time beginning after the date of the first public launch of AVTX-006, Avalo may exercise, at its sole discretion, a buyout option that terminates any further obligations under the Royalty Agreement in exchange for a payment to Investors of an aggregate of of the net present value of the royalty payments. A majority of the independent members of the board of directors and the audit committee of Aevi approved the Royalty Agreement. 
 
 Avalo assumed this Royalty Agreement upon closing of the Aevi Merger and it is recorded as a royalty obligation within the Company's accompanying consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2022. Because there is a significant related party relationship between the Company and the Investors, the Company has treated its obligation to make royalty payments under the Royalty Agreement as an implicit obligation to repay the funds advanced by the Investors. As the Company makes royalty payments in accordance with the Royalty Agreement, it will reduce the liability balance. At the time that such royalty payments become probable and estimable, and if such amounts exceed the liability balance, the Company will impute interest accordingly on a prospective basis based on such estimates, which will result in a corresponding increase in the liability balance. 
 
 Karbinal Royalty Make-Whole Provision 
 
 In 2018, in connection with the acquisition of certain commercialized products, the Company entered into a supply and distribution agreement (the Karbinal Agreement with TRIS Pharma Inc. TRIS ). As part of the Karbinal Agreement, the Company had an annual minimum sales commitment, which is based on a commercial year that spans from August 1 through July 31, of units through 2025. The Company was required to pay TRIS a royalty make whole payment Make-Whole Payments of for each unit under the units annual minimum sales commitment through 2025. 
 
 As a part of the Aytu transaction, the Company assigned all its payment obligations, including the Make-Whole Payments, under the Karbinal Agreement (collectively, the TRIS Obligations to Aytu. However, under the original license agreement, the Company could ultimately be liable for the TRIS Obligations to the extent Aytu fails to make the required payments. The future Make-Whole Payments to be made by Aytu are unknown as the amount owed to TRIS is dependent on the number of units sold. 
 F-33 

<EX-23.1>
 2
 ex-2312022.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 
 Exhibit 23.1 

Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

We consent to the incorporation by reference in the following Registration Statements 
 (1) Registration Statement (Form S-1 No. 333-204905) as filed on June 12, 2015, and amended on September 8, 2015, September 22, 2015, October 1, 2015, and October 13, 2015 (2) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-211490) pertaining to the 2016 Equity Incentive Plan (3) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-211491) pertaining to the 2016 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (4) Registration Statement (Form S-1 No. 333-213676) as filed on September 16, 2016 (5) Registration Statement (Form S-3 No. 333-214507) as filed on November 8, 2016, and amended on December 1, 2016 (6) Registration Statement (Form S-3 No. 333-218252) as filed on May 26, 2017 (7) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-226767) pertaining to the Amended and Restated 2016 Equity Incentive Plan (8) Registration Statement (Form S-3 No. 333-227227) as filed on September 7, 2018, and amended on October 2, 2018 (9) Registration Statement (Form S-3 No. 333-229283) as filed on January 17, 2019 (10) Registration Statement (Form S-3 No. 333-233978) filed on September 27, 2019, and amended on October 18, 2019 (11) Registration Statement (Form S-4 No. 333-235666) filed on December 20, 2019 and amended on December 30, 2019 (12) Registration Statement (Form S-3 No. 333-238197) filed on May 12, 2020 (13) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-241661) pertaining to the Third Amended and Restated 2016 Equity Incentive Plan and the 2016 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (14) Registration Statement (Form S-3 No. 333-254000) filed on March 8, 2021 (15) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-256080) pertaining to Non-Qualified Stock Option Inducement Awards (16) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-256082) pertaining to the Third Amended and Restated 2016 Equity Incentive Plan (17) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-256083) pertaining to the 2016 Employee Stock Purchase Plan and (18) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-268199) pertaining to the 2016 Employee Stock Purchase Plan and the Third Amended and Restated 2016 Equity Incentive Plan. of our report dated March 29, 2023, with respect to the consolidated financial statements of Avalo Therapeutics, Inc. and subsidiaries included in this Annual Report (Form 10-K) of Avalo Therapeutics, Inc. for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 s Ernst & Young LLP Tysons, Virginia March 29, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 ex-3112022.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 
 Exhibit 31.1 

 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, Garry Neil, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Avalo Therapeutics, Inc. (the registrant 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date March 29, 2023 s Garry Neil, M.D. Garry Neil, M.D. Chief Executive Officer (Registrant s Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 ex-3122022.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 
 Exhibit 31.2 

 CERTIFICATION PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, Christopher Sullivan, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Avalo Therapeutics, Inc. (the registrant 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date March 29, 2023 s Christopher Sullivan Christopher Sullivan Chief Financial Officer (Registrant s Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 ex-3212022.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 
 Exhibit 32.1 

 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report of Avalo Therapeutics, Inc. (the Registrant on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Garry Neil, Chief Executive Officer (principal executive officer) of the Registrant, and I, Christopher Sullivan, Chief Financial Officer (principal financial officer) of the Registrant, each hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge 
 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition at the end of the period covered by the Report and the results of operations of the Registrant for the periods covered by the Report. 
 
 Date March 29, 2023 By s Garry Neil, M.D. Name Garry Neil, M.D. Title Chief Executive Officer (Registrant s Principal Executive Officer) Date March 29, 2023 By s Christopher Sullivan Name Christopher Sullivan Title Chief Financial Officer (Registrant s Principal Financial Officer) 
 
 The foregoing certifications are not deemed filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission for purposes of section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (Exchange Act), and are not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of Cerecor Inc. under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act, whether made before or after the date hereof, regardless of any general incorporation language in such filing. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 avtx-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 avtx-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 avtx-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 avtx-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 avtx-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

