<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230330_10-K_edgar_data_315545_0001493152-23-009563.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>6990259</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>196268</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1119675</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2267528</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1517479</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1708923</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-23-009563.hdr.sgml : 20230330
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230329190747
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-23-009563
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		78
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230330
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230329

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			PROVECTUS BIOPHARMACEUTICALS, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000315545
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		IRS NUMBER:				900031917
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-36457
		FILM NUMBER:		23776722

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		10025 INVESTMENT DRIVE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 250
		CITY:			KNOXVILLE
		STATE:			TN
		ZIP:			37932
		BUSINESS PHONE:		865-769-4011

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		10025 INVESTMENT DRIVE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 250
		CITY:			KNOXVILLE
		STATE:			TN
		ZIP:			37932

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	PROVECTUS PHARMACEUTICALS INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20020417

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	ZAMAGE DIGITAL IMAGING INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20011126

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	SPM GROUP INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920703

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-23-009563.txt : 20230330

10-K
 1
 form10-k.htm

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

ANNUAL
 REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the fiscal year ended , 

TRANSITION
 REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the transition period from ____________ to ____________ 

Commission
file number 

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State
 or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation
 or organization) 
 
 (I.R.S.
 Employer 
 Identification
 No.) 

, , , 

 (Address
of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 

- 

 (Registrant s
telephone number, including area code) 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title
 of each class 
 
 Trading
 Symbol(s) 
 
 Name
 of each exchange on which registered 
 
 None 
 
 N/A 
 
 N/A 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 

Common
Stock, par value 0.001 per share 

 (Title
of class) 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer ,
 smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large
 accelerated filer 

Accelerated
 filer 

Smaller
 reporting company 

Emerging
 growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

If
securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant
included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate
by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation
received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes 

The
aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the price at which
the common equity was last sold as of June 30, 2022 was (computed on the basis of 0.056 per share). 

The
number of shares outstanding of the registrant s common stock, par value 0.001 per share, as of March 28, 2023 was . 

DOCUMENTS
INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

PART I 

ITEM
 1. 
 BUSINESS 
 2 

ITEM
 1A. 
 RISK FACTORS 
 9 

ITEM
 1B. 
 UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 17 

ITEM
 2. 
 PROPERTIES 
 17 

ITEM
 3. 
 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 17 

ITEM
 4. 
 MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 17 

PART II 

ITEM
 5. 
 MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 18 

ITEM
 6. 
 [RESERVED] 
 18 

ITEM
 7. 
 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 18 

ITEM
 7A. 
 QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 26 

ITEM
 8. 
 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 27 

ITEM
 9. 
 CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 28 

ITEM
 9A. 
 CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 28 

ITEM
 9B. 
 OTHER INFORMATION 
 28 

ITEM
 9C. 
 DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 28 

PART III 

ITEM
 10. 
 DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS, AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 29 

ITEM
 11. 
 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 29 

ITEM
 12. 
 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 29 

ITEM
 13. 
 CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 29 

ITEM
 14. 
 PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 
 29 

PART IV 

ITEM
 15. 
 EXHIBIT AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 30 

ITEM
 16. 
 FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 32 

SIGNATURES 
 
 33 

CAUTIONARY
NOTE REGARDING FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This
Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements as defined under U.S. federal securities laws. These statements
reflect management s current knowledge, assumptions, beliefs, estimates, and expectations. These statements also express management s
current views of future performance, results, and trends and may be identified by their use of terms such as anticipate, 
 believe, could, estimate, expect, goal, intend, may, 
 plan, predict, project, should, strategy, will, and
other similar terms. While we believe that the expectations reflected in our forward-looking statements are reasonable, we can give no
assurance that such expectations will prove correct. Forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause
our actual results to differ materially from the future results, performance, or achievements expressed in or implied by any forward-looking
statement we make. Some of the relevant risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual performance to differ materially from the
forward-looking statements contained in this report are discussed below under the heading Risk Factors and elsewhere in
this Annual Report on Form 10-K. We caution investors that these discussions of important risks and uncertainties are not exclusive,
and our business may be subject to other risks and uncertainties which are not detailed there. Investors are cautioned not to place undue
reliance on our forward-looking statements. We make forward-looking statements as of the date on which this Annual Report on Form 10-K
is filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ), and we assume no obligation to update the forward-looking
statements after the date hereof whether as a result of new information or events, changed circumstances, or otherwise, except as required
by law. 

Risks
and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to materially differ from those described in forward-looking statements: 

The
 uncertainty of generating (i) sales from rose bengal sodium-based drug product candidates PV-10 and PH-10 ,
 and/or any other halogenated xanthene-based drug product candidates (if and when approved), (ii) licensing, milestone, royalty, and/or
 other payments related to these drug product candidates, and/or (iii) payments from the Company s liquidation, dissolution,
 or winding up, or any sale, lease, conveyance, or other disposition of any intellectual property relating to these drug product candidates
 and/or rose bengal sodium- and other halogenated xanthene-based drug substances; 

The
 uncertainty of raising additional capital through the proceeds of private placement transactions of debt and/or equity securities,
 the exercise of existing warrants and outstanding stock options, and/or public offerings of debt and/or equity securities; 

The
 disruptions from the widespread outbreak of an illness or communicable/infectious disease, such as severe acute respiratory syndrome
 coronavirus 2, or another public health crisis to our business that could adversely affect our operations and financial condition;
 and 

The
 disruptions, shortages, and other supply chain-related issues that many companies across different industry sectors have reported
 and continue to report. In the biopharmaceutical sector, delays and interruptions in the supply chain have been particularly pronounced.
 During 2022, we were able to effectively manage our supply of drug product candidates and drug substance in a manner that avoided
 any significant interruptions to our clinical development and drug discovery programs. 

1 

PART
I 

ITEM
 1. 
 BUSINESS.

General 

Provectus
Biopharmaceuticals, Inc., a Delaware corporation incorporated in 2002 (together with its subsidiaries, Provectus or
 the Company ), is a clinical-stage biotechnology company developing immunotherapy medicines for different diseases that
are based on a class of synthetic small molecule immuno-catalysts called halogenated xanthenes HXs ). Our lead
molecule is named rose bengal sodium RBS ). 

The
Company s proprietary, patented, pharmaceutical-grade RBS is the active pharmaceutical ingredient API in the drug
product candidates of our current clinical development programs and the preclinical formulations of our current drug discovery programs.
Importantly, our pharmaceutical-grade RBS displays different therapeutic effects at different concentrations and can be formulated for
delivery by different routes of administration, 

The
Company believes that RBS targets disease in a bifunctional manner. First, direct contact may lead to cell death or repair depending
on the disease being treated and the concentration of the RBS utilized in the treatment. Second, such contact may catalyze multivariate
immune signaling and activation, and response may follow that may manifest as stimulatory, inhibitory, or both. 

The
Company believes that it is the first entity to advance an RBS formulation into clinical trials for the treatment of a disease, such
as those trials reported on the clinical trials registry ClinicalTrials.gov. 

The
Company believes that it is the first and only entity to date to successfully, reproducibly, and consistently make pharmaceutical-grade
RBS at a purity of nearly 100 . 

The
Company s small molecule HX medical science platform comprises a number of different drug product candidates and preclinical pharmaceutical-grade
RBS formulations using different concentrations and delivered by different routes of administration specific to each disease area and/or
indication. The Company s HX medical science platform includes: 

Clinical
 development programs in oncology, dermatology, and ophthalmology 

In
 vivo proof-of-concept drug discovery programs in oncology, hematology, wound healing, and animal health, and 

In
 vitro drug discovery programs in infectious diseases and tissue regeneration and repair. 

Intellectual
Property 

U.S.
Patents 

We
hold a number of patents covering the HX medical science platform that we have developed and are continuing to develop for drug product
candidates and drug formulations in different disease areas. All patents awarded by the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office USPTO that are material to an understanding of the Company are listed in the table below: 

U.S.
 Patent No. 
 
 Title 
 
 Issue
 Date 
 
 Expiration
 Date 

7,201,914 
 
 Combination
 antiperspirant and antimicrobial compositions 
 
 April
 10, 2007 
 
 May
 15, 2024 

8,530,675 
 
 Process
 for the synthesis of rose bengal and related xanthenes 
 
 September
 10, 2013 
 
 April
 21, 2031 

9,107,887 
 
 Combination
 therapy for cancer 
 
 August
 15, 2015 
 
 March
 9, 2032 

9,273,022 
 
 Process
 for the synthesis of rose bengal and related xanthenes 
 
 March
 1, 2016 
 
 September
 17, 2030 

9,422,260 
 
 Process
 for the synthesis of rose bengal and related xanthenes 
 
 August
 23, 2016 
 
 September
 26, 2030 

2 

9,808,524 
 
 Combination
 of local and systematic immunomodulative therapies for melanoma and liver cancer 
 
 November
 7, 2017 
 
 March
 9, 2032 

9,839,688 
 
 Combination
 of rose bengal and systemic immunomodulative therapies for enhanced treatment of cancer 
 
 December
 12, 2017 
 
 March
 9, 2032 

10,130,658 
 
 Method
 of ex vivo enhancement of immune cell activity for cancer immunotherapy with a small molecule ablative compound 
 
 November
 20, 2018 
 
 December
 18, 2035 

10,471,144 
 
 Combination
 of local rose bengal and systemic immunomodulative therapies for enhanced treatment of cancer 
 
 November
 12, 2019 
 
 November
 12 2034 

11,058,664 
 
 In
 vitro and xenograft anti-tumor activity of a halogenated-xanthene against refractory pediatric solid tumors 
 
 July
 13, 2021 
 
 May
 15, 2039 

11,071,781

Combination
 of local and systemic immunomodulative therapies for enhanced treatment of cancer 
 
 July
 27, 2021 
 
 March
 9, 2032 

11,419,844 
 
 Composition
 and Methods for Treating Hematologic Cancers 
 
 August
 23, 2022 
 
 December
 3, 2040 

11,426,379 
 
 Combination
 of Local and Systemic Therapies for Enhanced Treatment of Dermatologic Conditions 
 
 August
 30, 2022 
 
 November
 29, 2038 

We
received two patent awards from the USPTO in 2022, U.S. patent numbers 11,419,844 and 11,426,379. Three patent applications were also
published on the USPTO s website: 

Combination
 of local and systemic immunomodulative therapies for enhanced treatment of cancer (USPTO application number 17/382,943), 

Halogenated
 Xanthenes as Immune Adjuvants (17/488,430), and 

Combination
 of Local and Systemic Therapies for Enhanced Treatment of Dermatologic Conditions (17/466,600). 

International
Patents 

In
2022, the Japanese Patent Office granted two of the Company s patent applications, In Vitro And Xenograft Anti-Tumor
Activity Of A Halogenated-Xanthene Against Refractory Pediatric Solid Tumors and Combination of Local and Systemic Therapies
for Enhanced Treatment of Dermatologic Conditions. 

Clinical
Development and Drug Discovery 

The
Company s small molecule HX medical science platform includes: 

Clinical
Development Programs 

Oncology:
 Intratumoral ITU formulation PV-10 ITU PV-10 has undergone and is undergoing
 multiple, monotherapy and combination therapy, early- to late-stage clinical trials, expanded access programs EAPs for groups of and individual patients, and/or quality of life QOL study at multiple clinical sites in Australia,
 Europe, and the U.S. for the treatments of Stage III and IV melanoma and different types of liver cancers. ITU PV-10 has undergone
 and is undergoing clinical monotherapy and combination therapy mechanism of action and mechanism of immune response study for melanoma,
 metastatic uveal melanoma, and metastatic neuroendocrine tumors at and/or with Moffitt Cancer Center in Tampa, Florida, The Queen
 Elizabeth Hospital in Adelaide, Australia, and MD Anderson Cancer Center in Houston, Texas. 

3 

Dermatology:
 Topical TOP formulation PH-10 TOP PH-10 has undergone multiple mid-stage, monotherapy clinical trials for the treatments of psoriasis
 and atopic dermatitis at different clinical sites in the U.S. TOP PH-10 has undergone clinical
 monotherapy mechanism of action and mechanism of immune response study for psoriasis at The
 Rockefeller University in New York, New York TRU ). 
 
 Different
 formulations have undergone preclinical combination therapy study for psoriasis and are undergoing preclinical monotherapy study
 for skin inflammation at TRU. 

Ophthalmology:
 The Company believes that clinical monotherapy proof-of-concept POC of
 TOP administration of non-pharmaceutical grade rose bengal for the treatment of infectious
 keratitis has been shown by clinicians and researchers at the University of Miami s
 UM s Bascom Palmer Eye Institute BPEI in Miami, Florida,
 who are now collaborating with the Company to evaluate the potential use of our pharmaceutical-grade
 RBS. 
 
 TOP
 PV-305 is undergoing preclinical monotherapy study for diseases and disorders of the eye, such as infectious keratitis at BPEI. 

In
Vivo Proof-of-Concept Drug Discovery Programs 

Oncology:
 ITU PV-10 has undergone preclinical monotherapy and combination therapy study for the treatment of relapsed and refractory pediatric
 solid tumor cancers at the University of Calgary s Cumming School of Medicine in Calgary, Alberta, Canada UCal ).
 The Company believes that the UCal researchers have achieved monotherapy in vivo POC of ITU administration. 

Oral
 PO formulations are undergoing preclinical monotherapy study for high-risk and refractory adult solid tumor cancers
 at UCal. The Company believes that the UCal researchers and the Company have both achieved monotherapy in vivo POC of PO administration,
 that the Company has achieved monotherapy in vivo POC of PO administration in prophylactic and therapeutic settings, and that
 the Company has achieved monotherapy in vivo POC of intravenous IV administration. 

Hematology:
 PO formulations are undergoing preclinical monotherapy study for the treatment of refractory and relapsed pediatric and other
 blood cancers, including leukemias, at UCal. The Company believes that the UCal researchers have achieved in vivo POC of PO
 administration. 

Wound
 Healing: Different formulations are undergoing preclinical monotherapy study for the healing of full-thickness cutaneous wounds.
 The Company believes that monotherapy in vivo POC of TOP administration of non-pharmaceutical grade rose bengal for the treatment
 of this indication has been shown by researchers at the University of Texas Medical Branch UTMB in Galveston, Texas,
 who are now collaborating with the Company to use our pharmaceutical-grade RBS. 

Animal
 Health: Different formulations are undergoing preclinical monotherapy study for the treatment of cutaneous canine cancers at
 the University of Tennessee s College of Veterinary Medicine in Knoxville, Tennessee. The Company believes that it has achieved
 monotherapy POC in canines of ITU administration. 

In
Vitro Drug Discovery Programs 

Infectious
 Diseases: PO and intranasal IN formulations have undergone and are undergoing preclinical monotherapy study for
 the treatment of SARS-CoV-2 at UCal, another Canadian academic research center, the University of Tennessee Health Science Center
 UTHSC in Memphis, Tennessee, and a U.S. contract research organization. 

4 

Different
 formulations have undergone preclinical monotherapy and combination therapy study for the treatment of gram-positive and gram-negative
 bacterial infections (including multi-drug resistant strains) and are undergoing preclinical monotherapy study for the treatment
 of oral bacterial infections at UTHSC. 

Different
 formulations are undergoing preclinical monotherapy study for the treatment of fungal infections at UTHSC. 

Tissue
 Regeneration and Repair : Different formulations are undergoing preclinical monotherapy study for vertebrate development, wound
 healing, and tissue regrowth at the University of Nevada, Las Vegas UNLV in Las Vegas, Nevada. 

2022
Activity 

In
January, preclinical research on a formulation of the Company s pharmaceutical-grade rose bengal against Gram-positive bacteria
was published in Molecules, an open-access journal of chemistry by UTHSC: Antibacterial Activity of Pharmaceutical-Grade Rose
Bengal: An Application of a Synthetic Dye in Antibacterial Therapies . 

The
USPTO published the Company s patent application entitled Halogenated Xanthenes as Vaccine Adjuvants (publication
no. 17/488,430) that contained, among other things, in vitro data that showed PV-10 was able to significantly increase numbers
of interferon gamma-producing CD8 cells (compared to controls) for peptides representing various antigenic regions of the Hepatitis B
virus HBV core protein (HBcAg). These peptides were selected for their capability to raise CD4 and CD8 T cells against
HBV. 

In
March, data from an ongoing clinical trial of PV-10 for the treatment of neuroendocrine tumors metastatic to the liver refractory to
somatostatin analogs and peptide receptor radionuclide therapy (NCT02693067) were presented as an oral presentation at the annual conference
of the European Neuroendocrine Tumor Society (ENETS), held from March 10-11, 2022 in a hybrid setting of Barcelona, Spain and online:
 A phase 1 study of percutaneous autolytic rose bengal disodium for metastatic uveal melanoma patients with hepatic metastases. 

The
Company successfully developed and manufactured a second HX. The molecular name of the newly synthesized HX is 4,5,6,7-tetrabromo-3 ,6 -dihydroxy-2 ,4 ,5 ,7 -tetraiodo-3H-spiro[isobenz-
ofuran-1,9 -xanthen]-3-one. 

In
April, preclinical research on systemic administration of PV-10 for the treatment of high-risk and refractory adult solid tumor cancers
is being presented at the annual meeting of the American Association for Cancer Research (AACR), held April 8-13, 2022 in New Orleans,
Louisiana: Identification and In Vivo Validation of Unique Anti-Oncogenic Properties and Mechanisms Involving Protein
Kinase Signaling and Autophagy Mediated by the Investigational New Agent PV-10 . 

Aru
Narendran, MD, PhD was added to the Company s Scientific Advisory Board. Dr. Narendran is a professor in the departments of Pediatrics,
Oncology, and Biochemistry Molecular Biology at UCal, and holds the Kids Cancer Care Foundation Endowed Chair in Clinical and Translational
Research in pediatric oncology. 

The
USPTO allowed US patent application 16/688,319 (Patent No. 11,419,844), Composition and Method for Treating Hematologic Cancers, covering the
use of PV-10 for the treatment of hematologic diseases. In vivo data of mice with acute lymphoblastic leukemia receiving oral
PV-10 showed increased survival compared to controls. This allowed patent application was the first patent awarded to the Company in
hematology from the USPTO. 

In
May, the USPTO allowed US patent application 17/466,600 (Patent No. 11,426,379), Combination of local and systemic therapies for enhanced treatment of
dermatologic conditions, covering the use of topical PH-10 in combination with one or more systemic therapies for the treatment
of various inflammatory dermatoses, such as psoriasis and atopic dermatitis, and various epithelial diseases. This allowed patent application
was the first patent awarded to the Company in dermatology from the USPTO. 

In
June, updated data from the Company s initial expansion cohort of patients with uveal melanoma metastatic to the liver in its cancers-of-the-liver
Phase 1 trial of PV-10 (NCT00986661) were presented at the 2022 American Society of Clinical Oncology (ASCO) annual meeting, held June
3-7 in Chicago, Illinois and online: Metabolic complete responses (mCR) in metastatic uveal melanoma (mUM) patients treated
with image-guided injection (IGI) of PV-10 . 

5 

The
Company s stockholders approved the proposals of the Board of Directors Board to seek the authority to undertake
a reverse stock split and an authorized share reduction. 

Updated
data from the Company s initial expansion cohort of patients with uveal melanoma metastatic to the liver in its cancers-of-the-liver
Phase 1 trial of PV-10 (NCT00986661) were part of two oral presentations at the 20 th Congress of the International Society
of Ocular Oncology (ISOO), held June 17-21, 2022 in Leiden, The Netherlands: A phase 1 study of percutaneous autolytic rose
bengal disodium for metastatic uveal melanoma patients with hepatic metastases and Metabolic complete responses
(mCR) in metastatic uveal melanoma (mUM) patients treated with image-guided injection of PV-10 . 

In
July, the Company initiated a new sponsored research program with Kelly Tseng, PhD, Associate Professor of Pathology and Lab Medicine,
School of Life Sciences at UNLV to characterize the effects of the Company s pharmaceutical-grade RBS on vertebrate tissue regeneration
and repair. The Tseng Lab at UNLV will assess the effects of RBS on animal development and tissue repair using the African clawed frog Xenopus laevis ), an established vertebrate model organism, and in vivo assays to evaluate key biological processes: embryo development,
wound healing, and tissue regeneration. 

In
August, the Company expanded its sponsored research program with Dr. Narendran at UCal to investigate systemic administration of Provectus 
pharmaceutical-grade rose bengal for the treatment of pediatric leukemia. The Company s innovatively-assembled and proprietary
rose bengal is the lead member of a class of small molecules called halogenated xanthenes. As part of this new sponsored research, the
Narendran team plans to identify clinically-feasible drug combinations and synthetic lethality that have synergistic activity with Provectus 
rose bengal, evaluate systemic drug administration routes for maximal tolerability, evaluate the modulation of WNK1 (lysine deficient
protein kinase 1) and other related pathways induced by the Company s rose bengal, and complete demonstration of STING (stimulator
of interferon genes) dimerization in leukemia cells. 

The
Company expanded its sponsored research program with Michio Kurosu, PhD, Professor, Department of Pharmaceutical Sciences at the College
of Pharmacy of UTHSC to investigate the Company s pharmaceutical-grade RBS for the treatment of anti-fungal and anti-oral bacterial
infections. As part of this new sponsored research, the Kurosu team plans to evaluate the in vitro activity of Provectus rose
bengal against different fungal strains and to conduct susceptibility tests against fungal and bacterial mouth microbes. 

In
September, the Company entered into an option agreement with UM for an exclusive worldwide license of intellectual property developed
by the Ophthalmic Biophysics Center OBC of BPEI, which is part of the UM Health System, for the use of OBC s photodynamic
antimicrobial therapy (PDAT) medical device in combination with Provectus proprietary pharmaceutical-grade rose bengal for the
treatment of bacterial, fungal, and viral infections of the eye. The Company also initiated a sponsored research program with OBC to
investigate the Company s pharmaceutical-grade RBS for the treatment of infectious keratitis. 

The
Company initiated a new sponsored research program with Amina El Ayadi, PhD, Assistant Professor, Surgical Sciences Division and Jayson
Jay, PhD, Postdoctoral Research Fellow and Jeane B. Kempner Scholar of the Burn, Trauma, and Critical Care Research Laboratory in the
Department of Surgery at UTMB to characterize the effects of Provectus proprietary pharmaceutical-grade RBS on full-thickness
cutaneous wounds and during the subsequent phases of wound healing. 

In
October, the Company expanded its sponsored research program with James G. Krueger, MD, PhD, Co-director, Center for Clinical and Translational
Science, D. Martin Carter Professor in Clinical Investigation, Senior Attending Physician, and head of the Laboratory of Investigative
Dermatology at TRU to investigate the potential for PH-10 to directly alter the growth and differentiation of human keratinocytes, and
to block cytokine-mediated signaling that creates different inflammatory skin diseases and may also be important in skin neoplasms. 

In
November, the International Nonproprietary Names INN Expert Committee of the World Health Organization WHO selected rose bengal sodium (RBS) for the nonproprietary name of the Company s API. The RBS name was selected by
the WHO Expert Advisory Panel on the International Pharmacopoeia and Pharmaceutical Preparations, reached the status of recommended INN
after a period of public consultation, and was included in INN Recommended List 88 published with the No. 3 issue of the WHO Drug Information,
Volume 36 in October 2022. 

6 

New
data from the Company s ongoing, multi-cohort, Phase 1b/2 study of the combination of PV-10 and anti-PD-1 therapy Keytruda (pembrolizumab)
for the treatment of immune checkpoint blockade-na ve Stage III cutaneous melanoma (NCT01223415) were presented as a poster presentation
and an oral video communication at Melanoma Bridge 2022 in Naples, Italy and online from December 1-3, 2022: Response for combination
of PV-10 autolytic immunotherapy and immune checkpoint blockade in stage III cutaneous melanoma , 

On November 29, 2022, the Company s Board decided to not undertake the reverse stock split and authorized share reduction, which Company stockholders
approved at the Company s 2022 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, by the expiration date of December 31, 2022. 

Competition 

In
general, the pharmaceutical and biotechnology industries are competitive, characterized by steady and sometimes disruptive advances in
products and technology. A number of companies have developed and continue to develop products that address the areas we have targeted.
Some of these companies are pharmaceutical companies and biotechnology companies that are international in scope and very large in size,
while others are small companies that have been successful in one or more areas we are targeting. Existing or future pharmaceutical,
device, or other competitors may develop products that accomplish similar functions to our technologies in ways that may be less expensive,
receive faster regulatory approval, or receive greater market acceptance than our products. Many of our competitors have been in existence
longer than we have, have greater capital resources, broader internal structure for research, development, manufacturing, and marketing,
and may be further along in their respective product cycles. 

Supply
Chain 

In
2022, many companies across a variety of sectors were still having disruptions, shortages, and other supply chain-related issues. In
the biopharmaceutical sector, delays and interruptions in the supply chain have been particularly pronounced. During 2022, we were able
to effectively manage our supply of prescription drug candidates in a manner that avoided any significant interruptions to our clinical
programs. 

Federal
Regulation of Therapeutic Products 

All
of the prescription drug candidates we currently contemplate developing will require approval by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration FDA prior to sales within the U.S. and by comparable international governmental healthcare regulatory agencies prior
to sale outside the U.S. The FDA and comparable international agencies impose substantial requirements on the manufacturing and marketing
of pharmaceutical products. These agencies and other entities regulate, among other things, research and development activities and the
testing, manufacturing, quality control, safety and effectiveness claims, labeling, storage, record keeping, approval, advertising, and
promotion of our prescription drug candidates. While we attempt to minimize and avoid significant regulatory bars when formulating our
products, some degree of regulation from these regulatory agencies is unavoidable. 

The
regulatory process required by the FDA, through which our prescription drug candidates must successfully pass before they may be marketed
in the U.S., generally involves pre-clinical laboratory and animal testing, submission of an application that must become effective before
clinical trials may begin, adequate and well-controlled human clinical trials to establish the safety and efficacy of the product for
its intended indication, and FDA approval to market a given product for a given indication after the appropriate application has been
filed. For pharmaceutical products, pre-clinical tests include laboratory evaluation of the product, its chemistry, formulation, and
stability, as well as in vitro and animal studies to assess the potential safety and efficacy of the product. We will require
sponsored work to be conducted in compliance with pertinent local and international regulatory requirements, including those providing
for Institutional Review Board approval, national governing agency approval, and patient informed consent, using protocols consistent
with ethical principles stated in the Declaration of Helsinki and other internationally recognized standards and delineated by The International
Conference on Harmonisation ICH Good Clinical Practice standards. 

If
the FDA is satisfied with the results and data from pre-clinical tests, it will authorize human clinical trials. Human clinical trials
traditionally are conducted in three sequential phases which may overlap. Each of the three phases involves testing and study of specific
aspects of the effects of the investigational product on human subjects, including testing for safety, dosage tolerance, side effects,
absorption, metabolism, distribution, excretion, and clinical efficacy. 

7 

Phase
1 clinical trials include the initial introduction of an investigational new drug into humans, or via a new route of administration or
new organ system if previously investigated in humans. These studies are closely monitored and may be conducted in patients but may also
be conducted in healthy volunteer subjects. These studies are designed to determine the metabolic and pharmacologic actions of the drug
in humans, the side effects associated with increasing doses, and, if possible, to gain early evidence on effectiveness. While the FDA
can cause us to end clinical trials at any phase due to safety concerns, Phase 1 clinical trials are primarily concerned with safety
issues. We also attempt to obtain sufficient information about the drug candidate s pharmacokinetics and pharmacological effects
during Phase 1 clinical trials to permit the design of scientifically valid, Phase 2 studies. 

Phase
1 studies also evaluate drug metabolism, structure-activity relationships, and the mechanism of action in humans. These studies also
determine which investigational drugs are used as research tools to explore biological phenomena or disease processes. The total number
of subjects included in Phase 1 studies varies with the drug but is generally in the range of 10 to 80. 

Phase
2 clinical trials include early controlled clinical studies conducted to obtain preliminary data on the effectiveness of the drug for
a particular indication or indications in patients with the disease or condition. This phase of testing also helps determine the common
short-term side effects and risks associated with the drug. Phase 2 studies are often randomized controlled studies that are closely
monitored and conducted in a relatively small number of patients, usually involving up to several hundred people. 

Phase
3 studies are expanded controlled and uncontrolled trials. They are performed after preliminary evidence suggesting effectiveness of
the drug has been obtained in Phase 2 and are intended to gather definitive information about effectiveness and safety that is needed
to evaluate the overall benefit-risk relationship of the drug. Phase 3 studies also provide an adequate basis for extrapolating the results
to the general population and transmitting that information in the physician labeling. Phase 3 studies usually include several hundred
to several thousand people. 

We
have established a core clinical development team and have been working with external and FDA-experienced consultants to assist us in
developing product-specific development and approval strategies, preparing the required submittals, guiding us through the regulatory
process, and providing input into the design and site selection of human clinical studies. 

The
testing and approval process require substantial time, effort, and financial resources, and we may not obtain FDA approval on a timely
basis, if at all. Success in preclinical or early-stage clinical trials does not assure success in later-stage clinical trials. The FDA
or research institution conducting the trials may suspend clinical trials or may not permit trials to advance from one phase to another
at any time for various reasons, including a finding that the subjects or patients are being exposed to an unacceptable health risk.
Once issued, the FDA may withdraw a prescription drug approval if we do not comply with pertinent regulatory requirements and standards
or if problems are identified after the product reaches the market. If the FDA grants approval of a prescription drug candidate, the
approval may impose limitations, including limits on the indicated uses for which we may market a drug product. In addition, the FDA
may require additional testing and surveillance programs to monitor the safety and/or effectiveness of approved drug products that have
been commercialized, and the agency has the power to prevent or limit further marketing of a product based on the results of these post-marketing
programs. Further, later discovery of previously unknown problems with a drug product may result in restrictions on the product, including
withdrawal from the market. 

Marketing
our prescription drug candidates abroad will require similar regulatory approvals by equivalent national authorities and is subject to
similar risks. To expedite development, we may pursue some or all of our initial clinical testing and approval activities outside the
U.S., and in particular in those countries where our prescription drug candidates may have substantial medical and commercial relevance.
In some such cases, any resulting drug products may be brought to the U.S. after substantial offshore experience is gained. Accordingly,
we intend to pursue any such development in a manner consistent with U.S. and ICH standards so that the resultant development data is
maximally applicable for potential global approval. 

8 

Additional
Regulation 

We
are subject to various federal, state and local laws and regulations relating to the protection of the environment, human health and
safety in the U.S. and in other jurisdictions in which we operate. If we violate these laws and regulations, we could be fined, criminally
charged or otherwise sanctioned by regulators. Environmental laws and regulations are complex, change frequently and have become more
stringent over time. We believe that our operations currently comply in all material respects with applicable environmental laws and
regulations. 

Human
Capital Resources 

We
have four full-time employees who currently serve as CFO, CTO, senior scientist, and controller. We also engage independent contractors,
who currently serve as COO, director of clinical operations, clinical research associates, information technology manager, and patient
advocacy manager. 

We
believe the Company s success depends on its ability to attract, develop, and retain key personnel. The skills, experience and
industry knowledge of key members of our Board of Directors, employees, and contractors significantly benefit our operations and performance.
The Company s Board of Directors and management oversee various employee and contractor initiatives. 

Employee
health and safety in the workplace is one of the Company s core values. The COVID-19 pandemic has underscored for us the importance
of keeping our employees and contractors safe and healthy. In response to the pandemic, the Company has taken actions aligned with the
WHO and the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention to protect its workforce so they can more safely and effectively perform their
work. During the past three years, employees have worked remotely to ensure their safety, while continuing to perform their duties as
they would have. 

Available
Information 

Our
website is located at www.provectusbio.com . We make available free of charge through this website our annual reports on Form 10-K,
quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to those reports filed with or furnished to the SEC pursuant
to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), as soon as reasonably
practicable after they are electronically filed with or furnished to the SEC. Reference to our website does not constitute incorporation
by reference of the information contained on the site and should not be considered part of this document. 

The
SEC maintains an Internet site that contains reports, proxy and information statements and other information regarding issuers that file
electronically with the SEC as we do. The website is http://www.sec.gov. 

ITEM
 1A. 
 RISK
 FACTORS. 

Our
business and its future performance may be affected by various factors, the most significant of which are discussed below. 

Risks
Related to Our Business 

We
are a clinical-stage drug company, have no prescription drug products approved for commercial sale, have incurred substantial losses,
and expect to incur substantial losses and negative operating cash flow for the foreseeable future. 

We
are a clinical-stage drug company that has no prescription drug products approved for commercial sale. We have never generated any substantial
revenues and may never achieve substantial revenues or profitability. As of December 31, 2022, we have incurred net losses of approximately
 250 million in the aggregate since inception in January 2002. We may never achieve or maintain profitability, even if we succeed in
developing and commercializing one or more of our prescription drug candidates. We also expect to continue to incur significant operating
expenditures and anticipate that our operating and capital expenses may increase substantially in the foreseeable future as we continue
to develop and seek regulatory approval for our prescription drug candidates, develop our prescription drug formulation candidates, implement
additional internal systems and infrastructure, and hire additional personnel. 

9 

We
also expect to experience negative operating cash flow for the foreseeable future as we fund our operating losses and any future capital
expenditures. As a result, we will need to generate significant revenues in order to achieve and maintain profitability. We may not be
able to generate these revenues or achieve profitability in the future. Our failure to achieve or maintain profitability could negatively
impact the value of our common stock. 

We
need additional capital to conduct our operations and commercialize and/or further develop our prescription drug candidates and prescription
drug formulation candidates in 2023 and beyond, and our ability to obtain the necessary funding is uncertain. 

We
need additional capital in 2023 and beyond to continue developing and seeking to commercialize our drug product candidates. We intend
to continue with the development of our prescription drug candidates and prescription drug formulation candidates on the basis of historical,
ongoing, and prospective clinical and preclinical study results. 

We
have based our estimate of capital needs on assumptions that may prove to be wrong, and we cannot assure you that estimates and assumptions
will remain unchanged. On August 13, 2021, the Board approved a Financing Term Sheet (the 2021 Term Sheet ), which sets
forth the terms under which the Company will use its best efforts to arrange for financing of a maximum of 5,000,000 (the 2021
Financing ), which amounts will be obtained in several tranches and evidenced by convertible promissory notes (collectively, the
 2021 Notes ). As of December 31, 2021, the Company had received 2021 Notes proceeds of 1,460,000, of which 200,000 is
from a related party investor. 

On
September 20, 2022, the Board approved the closure of the 2021 Financing. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had received 2021 Notes
proceeds of 2,335,000, of which 525,000 is from a related party investor (a Company officer and Company director), however 1,260,000
of these notes were converted to Series D-1 Preferred Shares during the 4 th quarter 2022. The remaining 2021 notes is 1,075,000. 

On
September 20, 2022, the Board approved a Financing Term Sheet (the 2022 Term Sheet ), which set forth the terms under which
the Company will use its best efforts to arrange for financing of a maximum of 5,000,000 (the 2022 Financing ), which amounts
will be obtained in several tranches. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had received 2022 Notes proceeds of 752,500, as defined below,
of which 677,500 is from a related party investor (a Company director) in connection with the 2022 Financing. 

Such
additional financing may not be available on acceptable terms, or at all. As discussed in more detail below, additional equity financing
could result in significant dilution to stockholders. Further, in the event that additional funds are obtained through licensing or other
arrangements, these arrangements may require us to relinquish rights to some of our products, product candidates, and technologies that
we would otherwise seek to develop and commercialize ourselves. If sufficient capital is not available, we may be required to delay,
reduce the scope of, or eliminate one or more of our programs, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business. 

There
is substantial doubt as to our ability to continue as a going concern. 

The
Company s cash balance was 1,431,707 at December 31, 2022, which includes 1,410,102 of restricted cash resulting from a grant
received from the State of Tennessee. The Company s working capital deficiency was 6,293,198 and 4,258,679 as of December 31,
2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. The Company continues to incur significant operating losses and management expects that significant
on-going operating expenditures will be necessary to successfully implement our business plan and develop and market our products. These
circumstances raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern for a period of one year from the date that the
consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are issued. Implementation of our plans and our
ability to continue as a going concern will depend upon our ability to develop our prescription drug candidates and prescription drug
formulation candidates, and to raise additional capital. 

10 

Management
believes that we may have access to capital resources through possible public or private equity offerings, including the 2022 Financing,
exchange offers, debt financings, corporate collaborations or other means. If we are unable to raise sufficient capital, we will not
be able to pay our obligations as they become due. 

Our
prescription drug product candidates are at early- to mid-stages of development and may never obtain U.S. or international regulatory
approvals required for us to commercialize our investigational drug product candidates. 

We
will need approval of the FDA to commercialize our prescription drug product candidates in the U.S. and approvals from FDA-equivalent
regulatory authorities in international jurisdictions to commercialize our investigational drug product candidates there. 

We
are continuing to pursue clinical development of our most advanced drug product candidates, PV-10 and PH-10, for use as treatments for
specific disease indications. The continued and further development of these drug product candidates will require significant additional
research, formulation and manufacturing development, and pre-clinical and extensive clinical testing prior to their regulatory approval
and commercialization. Pre-clinical and clinical studies of our drug product candidates may not demonstrate the safety and efficacy necessary
to obtain regulatory approvals. Pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies have suffered significant setbacks in advanced clinical trials,
even after experiencing promising results in earlier trials. Pharmaceutical products that appear to be promising at early stages of development
may not reach the market or be marketed successfully for a number of reasons, including a product may be found to be ineffective or have
harmful side effects during subsequent pre-clinical testing or clinical trials, a product may fail to receive necessary regulatory clearance,
a product may be too difficult to manufacture on a large scale, a product may be too expensive to manufacture or market, a product may
not achieve broad market acceptance, others may hold proprietary rights that will prevent a product from being marketed, and others may
market equivalent or superior products. 

Satisfaction
of the FDA s regulatory requirements typically takes many years, depends upon the type, complexity and novelty of the product candidate
and requires substantial resources for research, development, and testing. We cannot predict whether our research and clinical approaches
will result in drugs that the FDA considers safe for humans and effective for indicated uses. The FDA has substantial discretion in the
drug approval process and may require us to conduct additional nonclinical and clinical testing or to perform post-marketing studies.
The approval process may also be delayed by changes in government regulation, future legislation or administrative action or changes
in FDA policy that occur prior to or during our regulatory review. Delays in obtaining regulatory approvals may delay commercialization
of, and our ability to derive revenues from, our prescription drug candidates, impose costly procedures on us, and diminish any competitive
advantages that we may otherwise enjoy. 

Our
research and product development efforts may not be successfully completed and may not result in any successfully commercialized drug
products. Further, after commercial introduction of a new drug product, discovery of problems through adverse event reporting could result
in restrictions on the product, including withdrawal from the market and, in certain cases, civil or criminal penalties. 

Even
if we comply with all FDA requests, we cannot be sure that we will ever obtain regulatory clearance for any of our drug product candidates.
Failure to obtain FDA approval of any of our prescription drug candidates will severely undermine our business by reducing our number
of salable drug products and, therefore, corresponding revenues. 

In
international jurisdictions, we must receive approval from the appropriate regulatory authorities before we can commercialize our prescription
drug candidates. International regulatory approval processes generally include all of the risks associated with the FDA approval procedures
described above. 

11 

Before
obtaining regulatory approval for the sale of our drug product candidates, including PV-10 and PH-10, we must conduct additional clinical
trials to demonstrate the safety and efficacy of our drug product candidates. Clinical testing is expensive, difficult to design and
implement, can take many years to complete and is uncertain as to timing and outcome. Competition in clinical development has made it
difficult to enroll patients at an acceptable rate in some of our clinical trials. Advances in medical technology could make our prescription
drug candidates obsolete prior to completion of clinical testing. A failure of one or more of our clinical trials may occur at any stage
of testing. The outcome of pre-clinical testing and early clinical trials may not be predictive of the success of later clinical trials,
and interim results of a clinical trial do not necessarily predict final results. Moreover, pre-clinical and clinical data are often
susceptible to varying interpretations and analyses, and many companies that have believed their product candidates performed satisfactorily
in pre-clinical studies and clinical trials have nonetheless failed to obtain marketing approval for their products. Product candidates
in later stages of clinical trials may fail to show the desired safety and efficacy characteristics despite having progressed satisfactorily
through pre-clinical studies and initial clinical testing. A number of companies in the pharmaceutical and biotechnology industries,
including those with greater resources and experience, have suffered significant setbacks in Phase 3 clinical development, even after
seeing promising results in earlier clinical trials. 

Our
research and development expenses may increase in connection with expanding clinical trials of our product candidates in existing indications
and undertaking clinical trials of our product candidates in new indications. Because successful development of our drug product candidates
is uncertain, we are unable to estimate the actual funds required to complete research and development and commercialize our products
under development. 

Negative
or inconclusive results of our future clinical trials of PV-10 and PH-10, or any other clinical trial we conduct, could cause the FDA
to require that we repeat or conduct additional clinical studies. Despite the results reported in earlier clinical trials for PV-10 and
PH-10, we do not know whether any clinical trials we may conduct will demonstrate adequate efficacy and safety to result in regulatory
approval to market our product candidates. If later stage clinical trials do not produce favorable results, our ability to obtain regulatory
approval for our product candidates, may be adversely impacted. 

Delays
in clinical trials are common and have many causes, and any delay could result in increased costs to us and jeopardize or delay our ability
to obtain regulatory approval. 

Our
planned or ongoing clinical trials may not begin on time, have an effective design, enroll a sufficient number of subjects, or be completed
on schedule, if at all. Events which may result in delays or unsuccessful completion of clinical trials, including our future clinical
trials, include inability to raise funding, initiate or continue a trial, delays in obtaining regulatory approval to commence a trial,
delays in reaching agreement with the FDA or other regulatory authorities on final trial design, imposition of a clinical hold following
an inspection of our clinical trial operations or trial sites by the FDA or other regulatory authorities, delays in reaching agreement
on acceptable terms with prospective contract research organizations and clinical trial sites, delays in obtaining required institutional
review board approval at each site, delays in recruiting suitable patients to participate in a trial, delays in having subjects complete
participation in a trial or return for post-treatment follow-up, delays caused by subjects dropping out of a trial, delays caused by
clinical sites dropping out of a trial, time required to add new clinical sites or to obtain regulatory approval and open sites in geographic
regions beyond the sites initially planned, and delays by our contract manufacturers to produce and deliver sufficient supply of clinical
trial materials. 

In
addition, we may experience a number of unforeseen events during clinical trials for our prescription drug candidates, including PV-10
and PH-10, that could delay or prevent the commencement and/or completion of our clinical trials, including regulators or institutional
review boards may not authorize us or our investigators to commence a clinical trial or conduct a clinical trial at a prospective trial
site, the clinical study protocol may require one or more amendments delaying study completion, clinical trials of our product candidates
may produce negative or inconclusive results, and we may decide, or regulators may require us to conduct additional clinical trials or
abandon product development programs, the number of subjects required for clinical trials of our product candidates may be larger than
we anticipate, subjects may drop out of these clinical trials at a higher rate than we anticipate and enrollment in these clinical trials
may be significantly slower than we anticipated requiring us to expand the geographic scope of enrollment of patients, clinical investigators
or study subjects may fail to comply with clinical study protocols, trial conduct and data analysis errors may occur, including, but
not limited to, data entry and/or processing errors, our third-party contractors may fail to comply with regulatory requirements or meet
their contractual obligations to us in a timely manner, or at all, we might have to suspend or terminate clinical trials of our prescription
drug candidates for various reasons, including a finding that the subjects are being exposed to unacceptable health risks, regulators
or institutional review boards may require that we or our investigators suspend or terminate clinical research for various reasons, including
noncompliance with regulatory requirements, the cost of clinical trials of our prescription drug candidates may be greater than we anticipate,
the supply or quality of our clinical trial materials or other materials necessary to conduct clinical trials of our prescription drug
candidates may be insufficient or inadequate, and our prescription drug candidates may have undesirable side effects or other unexpected
characteristics, causing us or our investigators to suspend or terminate the trials. 

12 

Moreover,
we or the FDA may suspend our clinical trials at any time if it appears we are exposing participants to unacceptable health risks or
if the FDA finds deficiencies in our submissions or the conduct of these trials. If initiation or completion of any of our clinical trials
for our product candidates, are delayed for any of the above reasons or other reasons, our development costs may increase, the approval
process could be delayed, any periods during which we may have the exclusive right to commercialize our prescription drug candidates
may be reduced and our competitors may bring drug products to market before us. Any of these events could impair our ability to generate
revenues from drug product sales and impair our ability to generate regulatory and commercialization milestones and royalties, all of
which could have a material adverse effect on our business. 

The
results of our clinical trials may not support acceptable label claims concerning our prescription drug candidates. 

Even
if our clinical trials are completed as planned, we cannot be certain that their results will support acceptable label claims concerning
our drug product candidates. Success in pre-clinical testing and early clinical trials does not ensure that later clinical trials will
be successful, and we cannot be sure that the results of later clinical trials will replicate the results of prior clinical trials and
pre-clinical testing. The clinical trial process may fail to demonstrate that our prescription drug candidates are safe for humans or
effective for indicated uses. 

This
failure could cause us to abandon a prescription drug candidate and may delay development of other prescription drug candidates. Any
delay in, or termination of, our clinical trials will delay our ability to commercialize our prescription drug candidates and generate
product revenues. In addition, we anticipate that our clinical trials will involve only a small patient population. Accordingly, the
results of such trials may not be indicative of future results over a larger patient population. 

Physicians
and patients may not accept and use our prescription drug candidates. 

Even
if the FDA approves our drug product candidates, physicians and patients may not accept and use them. Acceptance and use of our drug
products will depend upon a number of factors including perceptions by members of the healthcare community, including physicians, about
the safety and effectiveness of our drug products, availability of reimbursement for our drug products from government or other healthcare
payers, and effectiveness of marketing and distribution efforts by us and our licensees and distributors, if any. 

Because
we expect sales or licensure of our prescription drug candidates, if approved, to generate substantially all of our revenues if they
are approved, the failure of any of these drugs to find market acceptance would harm our business and could require us to seek additional
financing. 

We
have no sales, marketing or distribution capabilities for our prescription drug candidates. 

We
currently have no sales, marketing or distribution capabilities. Our future success depends, in part, on our ability to enter into and
maintain collaborative relationships, the collaborator s strategic interest in the prescription drug products under development
and such collaborator s ability to successfully market and sell any such drug products. There can be no assurance that we will
be able to establish or maintain relationships with third party collaborators or develop in-house sales and distribution capabilities.
To the extent that we depend on third parties for marketing and distribution, any revenues we receive will depend upon the efforts of
such third parties, and there can be no assurance that such efforts will be successful. In addition, there can also be no assurance that
we will be able to market and sell our prescription drug candidates in the U.S. or internationally. 

Competition
in the prescription pharmaceutical and biotechnology industries is intense. 

Other
pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies and research organizations currently engage in or have in the past engaged in research efforts
related to treatment of cancer and dermatological conditions, which may compete with our clinical trials for patients and investigator
resources, cause lower enrollment than anticipated, and could lead to the development of drug products or treatment therapies that could
compete directly with our drug product candidates that we are seeking to develop and market. 

13 

Many
companies are also developing novel therapies to treat cancer and dermatological conditions and, in this regard, are our competitors.
Many of the pharmaceutical companies developing and marketing these competing products have greater financial resources and expertise
than we do in research and development, manufacturing, preclinical and clinical testing, obtaining regulatory approvals, and marketing. 

Smaller
companies may also prove to be competitors, particularly through collaborative arrangements with larger and more established companies
that may compete with our efforts to establish similar collaborative arrangements. Academic institutions, government agencies, and other
public and private research organizations may also conduct research, seek patent protection, and establish collaborative arrangements
for research, clinical development, and marketing of prescription drug candidates similar to ours. These companies and institutions compete
with us in recruiting and retaining qualified scientific and management personnel as well as in acquiring technologies complementary
to our drug development programs. 

In
addition to the above factors, we expect to face competition in product efficacy and safety, the timing and scope of regulatory consents,
availability of resources, reimbursement coverage, price, and patent position, including potentially dominant patent positions of others. 

Since
our prescription drug candidates PV-10 and PH-10 have not yet been approved by the FDA or introduced to the marketplace, we cannot estimate
what competition these prescription drug candidates might face when they are finally introduced, if at all. We cannot assure you that
these prescription drug candidates will not face significant competition for other approved drug products, investigational drug products,
and generic equivalents. 

If
we lose any of our key personnel, we may be unable to successfully execute our business plan. 

Our
business is presently managed by key Board members, employees, and independent contractors: (i) Ed Pershing, who is chairman of the Board,
(ii) Dominic Rodrigues, who is vice chairman of the Board, (iii) Bruce Horowitz, our COO, who is an independent contractor, (iv) Eric
Wachter, Ph.D., our Chief Technology Officer CTO ), who is an employee, and (v) Heather Raines, CPA, our CFO, who is an
employee. 

In
order to successfully execute our business plan, our management and Board must succeed in all of the following critical areas: researching
diseases and possible therapies in the areas of oncology and dermatology, developing our prescription drugs candidates, marketing and
selling developed prescription drug candidates, obtaining additional capital to finance research and development production, and marketing
of our drug products, and managing our business as it grows. 

Disruption
resulting from management transition may have a detrimental impact on our ability to implement our strategy. The reduction in role and/or
loss of key employees, contractors, and/or Board members could have a material adverse effect on our operations, and limit or constrain
our ability to execute our business plan. 

Our
business and operations are subject to risks related to climate change. 

The
long-term effects of global climate change present risks to our business. Extreme weather or other conditions caused by climate change
could adversely impact our supply chain and the operation of our business. Such conditions could also result in physical damage to our
leased property, clinical trial materials, clinical sites, or the facilities of our contract manufacturers. These events could adversely
affect our operations and our financial performance. 

14 

Our
business and operations are vulnerable to computer system failures, cyber-attacks or deficiencies in our cyber-security, which could
increase our expenses, divert the attention of our management and key personnel away from our business operations and adversely affect
our results of operations. 

Despite
the implementation of security measures, our internal computer systems, and those of third parties on which we rely, are vulnerable to
damage from: computer viruses; malware; natural disasters; terrorism; war; telecommunication and electrical failures; cyber-attacks or
cyber-intrusions over the Internet; attachments to emails; persons inside our organization; or persons with access to systems inside
our organization. The risk of a security breach or disruption, particularly through cyber-attacks or cyber intrusion, including by computer
hackers, foreign governments, and cyber terrorists, has generally increased as the number, intensity and sophistication of attempted
attacks and intrusions from around the world have increased. If such an event were to occur and cause interruptions in our operations,
it could result in a material disruption of our product development programs. For example, the loss of clinical trial data from completed
or ongoing or planned clinical trials could result in delays in our regulatory approval efforts and significantly increase our costs
to recover or reproduce the data. To the extent that any disruption or security breach was to result in a loss of or damage to our data
or applications, or inappropriate disclosure of confidential or proprietary information, we could incur material legal claims and liability,
and damage to our reputation, and the further development of our product candidates could be delayed. We could be forced to expend significant
resources in response to a cyber security breach, including repairing system damage, increasing cyber security protection costs by deploying
additional personnel and protection technologies, paying regulatory fines and resolving legal claims and regulatory actions, all of which
would increase our expenses, divert the attention of our management and key personnel away from our business operations and adversely
affect our results of operations. 

Risks
Related to Our Intellectual Property IP 

If
we are unable to secure or enforce patent rights, trademarks, trade secrets or other IP, our business could be harmed. 

We
may not be successful in securing or maintaining proprietary patent protection for our prescription drug candidates and technologies
we develop or license. In addition, our competitors may develop prescription drug candidates similar to ours using methods and technologies
that are beyond the scope of our IP protection, which could reduce our anticipated sales. While some of our drug product candidates have
proprietary patent protection, a challenge to these patents can subject us to expensive litigation. Litigation concerning patents, other
forms of IP, and proprietary technology is becoming more widespread and can be protracted and expensive and can distract management and
other personnel from performing product development duties. 

We
also rely upon trade secrets, unpatented proprietary knowledge and continuing technological innovation to develop a competitive position.
We cannot assure you that others will not independently develop substantially equivalent proprietary technology and techniques or otherwise
gain access to our trade secrets and technology, or that we can adequately protect our trade secrets and technology. 

If
we are unable to secure or enforce patent rights, trademarks, trade secrets, or other IP, our business, financial condition, results
of operations and cash flows could be materially adversely affected. If we infringe on the IP of others, our business could be harmed. 

We
could be sued for infringing patents and other IP that purportedly cover prescription drug candidates and/or methods of using such prescription
drug candidates held by persons other than us. Litigation arising from an alleged infringement could result in removal from the market,
or a substantial delay in, or prevention of, the introduction of our prescription drug candidates, any of which could have a material
adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. 

If
we do not update and enhance our technologies, they will become obsolete. 

The
pharmaceutical market is characterized by technological change, and our future success will depend on our ability to conduct successful
research in our fields of expertise, discover new technologies as a result of that research, develop products based on our technologies,
and commercialize those products. While we believe that our current technology is adequate for our present needs, if we fail to stay
at the forefront of technological development, we will be unable to compete effectively. Our competitors may use greater resources to
develop new pharmaceutical technologies and to commercialize products based on those technologies. Accordingly, our technologies may
be rendered obsolete by advances in existing technologies or the development of different technologies by one or more of our current
or future competitors. 

15 

Risks
Related to Our Governing Documents and Securities 

Anti-takeover
provisions in our organizational documents and Delaware law may discourage or prevent a change of control, even if an acquisition would
be beneficial to our stockholders, which could affect our stock price adversely and prevent attempts by our stockholders to replace or
remove our current management. 

Our
certificate of incorporation, as amended, and bylaws contain provisions that could delay or prevent a change of control of our company or changes
in our board of directors that our stockholders might consider favorable. Among other things, these provisions will (i) permit our Board
to issue up to 25,000,000 shares of preferred stock which can be created and issued by the Board without prior stockholder approval,
with rights senior to those of the common stock, (ii) provide that all vacancies on our Board, including as a result of newly created
directorships, may, except as otherwise required by law, be filled by the affirmative vote of a majority of directors then in office,
even if less than a quorum, (iii) require that any action to be taken by our stockholders must be affected at a duly called annual or
special meeting of stockholders and not be taken by written consent, (iv) provide that stockholders seeking to present proposals before
a meeting of stockholders or to nominate candidates for election as directors at a meeting of stockholders must provide advance notice
in writing, and also specify requirements as to the form and content of a stockholder s notice, (v) not provide for cumulative
voting rights, and (vi) provide that special meetings of our stockholders may be called only by the Board or by such person or persons
requested by a majority of the Board to call such meetings. 

These
and other provisions in our certificate of incorporation, as amended, and bylaws and Delaware law could make it more difficult for
stockholders or potential acquirers to obtain control of our Board or initiate actions that are opposed by our then-current Board,
including delaying or impeding a merger, tender offer, or proxy contest involving our company. Any delay or prevention of a change
of control transaction or changes in our Board could cause the market price of our common stock to decline. 

Our
stock price is below 5.00 per share and is treated as a penny stock, which places restrictions on broker-dealers recommending
the stock for purchase. 

Our
common stock is defined as penny stock under the Exchange Act and its rules. The SEC has adopted regulations that define
 penny stock to include common stock that has a market price of less than 5.00 per share, subject to certain exceptions.
These rules include the following requirements: (i) broker-dealers must deliver, prior to the transaction, a disclosure schedule prepared
by the SEC relating to the penny stock market, (ii) broker-dealers must disclose the commissions payable to the broker-dealer and its
registered representative, (iii) broker-dealers must disclose current quotations for the securities, and (iv) a broker-dealer must furnish
its customers with monthly statements disclosing recent price information for all penny stocks held in the customer s account and
information on the limited market in penny stocks. 

Additional
sales practice requirements are imposed on broker-dealers who sell penny stocks to persons other than established customers and accredited
investors. For these types of transactions, the broker-dealer must make a special suitability determination for the purchaser and must
have received the purchaser s written consent to the transaction prior to sale. If our common stock remains subject to these penny
stock rules these disclosure requirements may have the effect of reducing the level of trading activity in the secondary market for our
common stock. As a result, fewer broker-dealers may be willing to make a market in our stock, which could affect a shareholder s
ability to sell their shares. 

Future
sales by our stockholders may adversely affect our stock price and our ability to raise funds in new stock offerings. 

Sales
of our common stock in the public market following any prospective offering could lower the market price of our common stock. Sales may
also make it more difficult for us to sell equity securities or equity-related securities in the future at a time and price that our
management deems acceptable. 

It
is our general policy to retain any earnings for use in our operation. 

We
have never declared or paid cash dividends on our common stock. We currently intend to retain all of our future earnings, if any, for
use in our business and therefore do not anticipate paying any cash dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable future. 

16 

In
the event of the liquidation, winding-up or dissolution of the Company or certain mergers, corporate reorganizations or sales of our
assets, holders of Series D and Series D-1 Preferred Stock will be entitled to a preference of a multiple of their investment amount,
which will reduce the proceeds to be received by holders of our common stock. 

In
connection with the 2022, 2021, 2020 and 2017 Financings, we have issued convertible notes that converted or are convertible into shares
of Series D and Series D-1 Preferred Stock. The Series D and Series D-1 Preferred Stock will have a first priority right to receive proceeds
from the liquidation, winding-up or dissolution of us or certain mergers, corporate reorganizations or sales of our assets (each, a Company
Event ). If a Company Event occurs within two (2) years of the date of issuance of the Series D and Series D-1 Preferred Stock
(the Date of Issuance ), the holders of Series D and Series D-1 Preferred Stock will receive a preference of four times
(4x) their respective investment amount. If a Company Event occurs after the second (2nd) anniversary of the Date of Issuance, the holders
of the Series D and Series D-1 Preferred Stock will receive a preference of six times (6x) their respective investment amount. As a result,
upon the occurrence of a Company Event, the holders of Series D and Series D-1 Preferred Stock would have the right to receive proceeds
from any such transaction before our common stockholders. The payment of this preference could result in our common stockholders not
receiving any consideration in connection with a Company Event. 

Risks
Related to SARS-CoV-2 

We
are subject to risks associated with a pandemic, epidemic or outbreak of a contagious disease, such as the ongoing SARS-CoV-2 pandemic,
which may affect our future access to liquidity and materially adversely affect our business operations, results of operations and financial
condition. 

SARS-CoV-2
was reportedly first identified in late-2019 and subsequently declared a global pandemic by the World Health Organization on March 11,
2020. As a result of the SARS-CoV-2 pandemic, many companies have experienced disruptions of their operations and the markets they serve.
The Company has taken several temporary precautionary measures intended to help ensure the well-being of its employees and contractors
and to minimize business disruption. The Company considered the impact of SARS-CoV-2 pandemic on its business and operational assumptions
and estimates, and determined there were no material adverse impacts on the Company s results of operations and financial position
at December 31, 2022. 

The
full extent of the SARS-CoV-2 pandemic impacts on the Company s operations and financial condition is still uncertain. The Company
has experienced slower than normal enrollment and treatment of patients, and a prolonged SARS-CoV-2 pandemic could have a material adverse
impact on the Company s business and financial results, including the timing and ability of the Company to raise capital, initiate
and/or complete current and/or future preclinical studies and/or clinical trials; disrupt the Company s regulatory activities;
and/or have other adverse effects on the Company s clinical development. 

ITEM
 1B. 
 UNRESOLVED
 STAFF COMMENTS. 

None. 

ITEM
 2. 
 PROPERTIES. 

We
leased 4,500 square feet of corporate office space in Knoxville, Tennessee through an operating lease agreement for a term of five years
ending on June 30, 2022. Payments were approximately 6,100 per month due to the Company negotiating a continued reduced rent from January
1, 2022 through June 30, 2022. 

On
June 30, 2022, the lease expired and was not renewed. On June 18, 2022, the Company moved into 2,700 square feet of leased corporate
office space in Knoxville, Tennessee through an operating lease agreement for a term of three years ending June 30, 2025. The monthly
base rent ranges from 4,053 to 4,278 over the term on the lease. 

Item
 3. 
 Legal
 Proceedings. 

The
information required by this item is incorporated by reference from Part II, Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements, Note 16 Commitments, contingencies, and litigation. 

ITEM
 4. 
 MINE
 SAFETY DISCLOSURES. 

Not
applicable. 

17 

PART
II 

ITEM
 5. 
 MARKET
 FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES. 

Market
Information and Holders 

Our
common stock trades on the OTCQB Marketplace under the symbol PVCT . 

As
of March 28, 2023, we had 821 active stockholders of record of our common stock. 

Dividend
Policy 

We
have never declared or paid any cash dividends on our common stock. We currently plan to retain future earnings, if any, to finance the
growth and development of our business and do not anticipate paying any cash dividends in the foreseeable future. We may incur indebtedness
in the future which may prohibit or effectively restrict the payment of dividends, although we have no current plans to do so. Any future
determination to pay cash dividends will be at the discretion of our Board of Directors. The holders of our Series D and Series D-1 Preferred
Stock are entitled to receive dividends, if any, that are declared and paid to common stockholders. 

Recent
Issuances of Unregistered Securities 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company issued 50,000 shares of common stock as incentive compensation with a value of 3,025. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company did not issue any warrants. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company issued an aggregate of 300,000 shares of immediately vested restricted common stock with
a grant date value of 23,199 for services. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company issued three-year immediately vested warrants to a board member to purchase an aggregate
of 25,000 shares of common stock with an exercise price of 0.28620 per share. 

The
issuances of the securities were exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act of 1933 by virtue of Section 4(a)(2)
and Rule 506 promulgated under Regulation D thereunder as transactions not involving a public offering. 

Securities
Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans 

Information
about the securities authorized for issuance under our equity compensation plans will be set forth under the heading Equity Compensation
Plan Information in the definitive Proxy Statement for our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, which will be filed with the SEC
pursuant to Regulation 14A under the Exchange Act, incorporated by reference in Part III, Item 12 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

ITEM
 6. 
 [RESERVED].

Not
applicable. 

ITEM
 7. 
 MANAGEMENT S
 DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS. 

The
following discussion is intended to assist in the understanding and assessment of significant changes and trends related to our results
of operations and our financial condition together with our consolidated subsidiaries. This discussion and analysis should be read in
conjunction with the accompanying consolidated financial statements and notes thereto included in the Annual Report on Form 10-K. Historical
results and percentage relationships set forth in the statements of operations, including trends which might appear, are not necessarily
indicative of future operations. 

18 

Business
Strategy 

The
Company is selectively continuing ongoing and planning to initiate new monotherapy and combination therapy ITU PV-10 clinical trials
in melanoma and liver cancer indications to generate more and/or new clinical data and appropriately utilizing clinical data from historical
ITU PV-10 trials, EAPs, and/or QOL study of these oncology indications. Our goals are to pursue drug approval pathways and/or co-development
relationships with commercial pharmaceutical companies for ITU PV-10 based on these indications and data. 

The
Company is developing a systemically-administered formulation of pharmaceutical-grade RBS for the treatment of cancer. Our goals, when
this work is complete, are to file an investigational new drug application IND with the FDA, take an initial systemic
drug product candidate into an early-stage clinical trial for an initial oncology or hematology indication, and/or pursue a co-development
collaboration or out-license arrangement for this route of administration and disease area. 

The
Company is developing different formulations of pharmaceutical-grade RBS using different concentrations and different routes of administration
(e.g., PO, IV, IN) for other disease areas by endeavoring to show preclinical activity and lack of toxicity. Our goals, when each task
of this work is completed, are to file an IND with the FDA, take an initial drug product candidate into an early-stage clinical trial for
an initial indication, and/or pursue a co-development collaboration or out-license arrangement for the respective disease area and route
of administration. 

The
Company is endeavoring to fully elucidate the traits and characteristics of the RBS molecule using different academic medical centers
under sponsored research and testing agreements. Our goal is to gain and communicate additional knowledge of the RBS molecule s
targeting, mechanism, signaling, immune response, and other features that are common to and/or different from each disease area and indication
under research. 

The
Company is doing rigorous, chemical analytical comparisons of non-pharmaceutical grades of rose bengal from specialty chemical suppliers
against the Company s pharmaceutical-grade RBS. Our goal is to demonstrate the proprietary nature of the Company s pharmaceutical-grade
RBS and that our pharmaceutical-grade RBS meets the necessary uniformity and purity requirements for commercial pharmaceutical use. 

RBS
Drug Substance and Drug Product Candidate Manufacturing 

Our
pharmaceutical-grade RBS resulted from the Company s innovation of a proprietary, patented, commercial-scale process to synthesize
and utilize the RBS molecule into a viable API for commercial pharmaceutical use; the development of unique chemistry, manufacturing,
and control CMC specifications for drug substance and drug product candidate manufacturing processes; the production
and multi-year stability testing of multiple drug substance and drug product candidate lots; the comprehensive documentation of lot composition
and reproducibility; and the review and acceptance of CMC data from these lots by seven different national drug regulatory agencies for
use in a prior, multi-country, multi-center Phase 3 randomized control trial of the Company. 

The
Company s drug substance and drug product candidate manufacturing processes employ Quality-by-Design principles, current good manufacturing
practice cGMP regulations, and the guidelines of The International Council for Harmonization (ICH) of Technical Requirements
for Pharmaceuticals for Human Use. These processes utilize controls that eliminate the formation of historical impurities and avoid the
introduction of potentially hazardous impurities that the Company believes may have been and could be present in uncontrolled and unreported
amounts in non-pharmaceutical-grades of rose bengal. 

The
Company s processes of synthesizing the RBS molecule into pharmaceutical-grade RBS and manufacturing RBS drug substance and ITU
PV-10 drug product candidate, the processes CMC specifications, and the CMC data from the production of stability lots of drug
substance and drug product candidate have been reviewed by multiple national drug regulatory agencies prior to granting clinical trial
authorizations for the Company to commence a historical Phase 3 study of ITU PV-10 for the treatment of locally advanced cutaneous melanoma,
including the U.S. FDA, Germany s Bundesinstitut f r Arzneimittel und Medizinprodukte (BfArM), Australia s Therapeutic
Goods Administration (TGA) under a clinical trial notification, France s Agence Nationale de S curit du M dicament
et des Produits de Sant (ANSM), Italy s Agenzia Italiana del Farmaco (AIFA), Mexico s Comisi n Federal para
la Protecci n contra Riesgos Sanitarios (COFEPRIS), and Argentina s Administraci n Nacional de Medicamentos, Alimentos
y Tecnolog a M dica (ANMAT). 

19 

RBS
Nonproprietary Name 

The
RBS name for the Company s pharmaceutical-grade API was selected by and passed the review of the WHO Expert Advisory Panel on the
International Pharmacopoeia and Pharmaceutical Preparations after the Company applied for the non-proprietary name in the third quarter
of 2020, and reached the status of recommended INN. INN Recommended List 88, which includes the RBS name, was published with the No.
3 issue of the WHO Drug Information, Volume 36 in the fourth quarter of 2022. 

The
aim of the INN system since inception has been to provide health professionals with a unique and universally available designated name
to identify each pharmaceutical substance or API, according to the WHO. The existence of an international nomenclature, in the form of
INN, is important for the accurate identification, prescribing, and dispensing of medicines to patients, and for communication and exchange
of information among health professionals and scientists worldwide. 

Prior
Medical Diagnostic Use of Rose Bengal 

FDA-Approved
Liver Diagnostic Use 

In
1971, 131 I rose bengal (Robengatope [rose bengal sodium 131 I injection USP]) was approved by the
FDA (NDA 016224) for use as a diagnostic aid to determine liver function. In 2009, manufacturer Bracco Diagnostics Inc. withdrew Robengatope
from the U.S. market because of the emergence of newer liver imaging methods, such as computed tomography. 

Historic
Ophthalmic Diagnostic Use 

In
1974, Barnes-Hind Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Barnes-Hind introduced a medical device product of 1 rose bengal in an aqueous
solution for the diagnosis of corneal injury, diagnosis of keratitis, keratoconjunctivitis, and sicca, and detection of foreign bodies
in the eye. In 1981, Barnes-Hind introduced ophthalmic strips of the same concentration for the same indications. While both the solution
and strip medical device products were accepted by the FDA for marketing, the Company does not believe that the devices or their respective
claims were approved by the FDA because their introductions predated formal FDA review and approval of medical devices. 

Non-Pharmaceutical
Grades of Rose Bengal 

Commercial-Grade 

This
material may be purchased from specialty chemical suppliers in the U.S. and from other parts of the world; however, the Company believes
that the material itself is almost exclusively made in China and India under non-cGMP conditions. Commercial-grade rose bengal appears
to have reported purity that may vary between approximately 80 and 95 , and that may contain substantial amounts of unreported impurities
and/or gross contaminants. Commercial-grade rose bengal is typically used by researchers for preclinical study of the rose bengal molecule
for potential biomedical therapeutic applications. 

We
believe that commercial-grade rose bengal is still manufactured using the historical process (or a variant thereof) that was developed
by the synthetic molecule s Swiss creator Rudolph Gnehm in 1881. Some manufacturers may, however, apply purification techniques
that the Company believes still result in material that may possess questionable purity and contaminants and may also be subject to substantial
lot-to-lot manufacturing variability. 

20 

Diagnostic-Grade 

The
Company coined this phrase to describe non-approved rose bengal that is used as an ingredient in historical or current ophthalmic solutions
and strips, has been historically or is presently compounded by pharmacists for ophthalmic use, and has been or is in other non-ophthalmic
diagnostic tests such as the rose bengal test in human brucellosis. 

We
presume, but have not yet confirmed, that diagnostic-grade rose bengal is derived from commercial-grade rose bengal that may have undergone
a form of purification and/or may have been compounded under cGMP regulations by a pharmacist, academic medical researcher, or commercial
entity. Here too, the Company believes that purification may not sufficiently improve the amounts and accuracy of rose bengal purity
and lot contents and may not adequately reduce or eliminate lot-to-lot manufacturing variability. 

Chemical
Analytical Comparison 

In
the first quarter of 2022, the Company began work with a U.S. contract development and manufacturing organization to rigorously and methodically
assess three lots of commercial-grade rose bengal, one each from three different specialty chemical suppliers, and compare and contrast
these non-pharmaceutical grade materials with the Company s pharmaceutical-grade RBS. This chemical analytical work was substantially
completed by the end of the third quarter of 2022. The Company believes that the preliminary results of these analyses indicate that
all three lots of commercial-grade rose bengal had rose bengal purity that was drastically different from what was represented on their
respective certificates of analysis CofAs ), and that one of the three lots contained gross contaminants that were not
represented on its CofA. 

Potential
Barriers to Entry 

The
Company believes that the Company s proprietary, patented, pharmaceutical-grade RBS possesses several competitive advantages over
non-pharmaceutical-grades of rose bengal that researchers, clinicians, and academic, business, and/or governmental competitors have used,
are using, and/or may attempt to use for potential biomedical applications. The Company believes that non-pharmaceutical-grades of rose
bengal may suffer from the uncontrolled presence of substance-related impurities and/or gross contaminants, substantial lot-to-lot manufacturing
variability, inaccurately reported and/or misrepresented purity and contents, and the lack of reproducible, consistent, and fulsome CMC
specifications and documentation. 

The
Company believes that historical and potentially hazardous impurities and other manufacturing and handling issues facing non-pharmaceutical-grades
of rose bengal may pose significant scientific, technological, and economic challenges to overcome and validate for compliance with modern
drug regulatory standards. 

Components
of Operating Results 

Grant
Revenue 

Grant
revenue is recognized when qualifying costs are incurred and there is reasonable assurance that the conditions of the grant have been met.
Cash received from grants in advance of incurring qualifying costs is recorded as unearned grant revenue and recognized as grant revenue
when qualifying costs are incurred. 

Research
and Development Expenses 

A
large component of our total operating expenses is the Company s investment in research and development activities, including the
clinical development of our product candidates. Research and development expenses represent costs incurred to conduct research and undertake
clinical trials to develop our drug product candidates. These expenses consist primarily of: 

costs
 of conducting clinical trials, including amounts paid to clinical centers, clinical research organizations and consultants, among
 others; 

salaries
 and related expenses for personnel, including stock-based compensation expense; 

other
 outside service costs including cost of contract manufacturing; 

the
 costs of supplies and reagents; and 

occupancy
 and depreciation charges. 

21 

We
expense research and development costs as incurred. 

Research
and development activities are central to our business model. We expect our research and development expenses to increase in the future
as we advance our existing product candidates through clinical trials and pursue their regulatory approval. Undertaking clinical development
and pursuing regulatory approval are both costly and time-consuming activities. As a result of known and unknown uncertainties, we are
unable to determine the duration and completion costs of our research and development activities, or if, when, and to what extent we
will generate revenue from any subsequent commercialization and sale of our drug product candidates. 

General
and Administrative Expenses 

General
and administrative expense consists primarily of salaries, stock-based compensation expense and other related costs for personnel in
executive, finance, accounting, business development, legal, information technology and corporate communication functions. Other costs
include facility costs not otherwise included in research and development expense, insurance, and professional fees for legal, patent
and accounting services. 

Comparison
of the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Overview 

Grant revenue was 989,042 for the year ended December 31, 2022,
compared to 0 for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase was driven by grant revenue recognized related to qualifying
expenses that were incurred and included within research and development on the consolidated statements of operations. Total
operating expenses were 4,416,988 for the year ended December 31, 2022, a decrease of 255,266 or 5.5 compared to the year ended
December 31, 2021. The decrease was driven by our continued transformation and process improvement efforts within the Company, along
with lower clinical trial and research expenses, reduced legal fees and lower rent expense. Net loss for the year ended December 31,
2022 was 3,554,683, a decrease of 1,984,860 or 35.8 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021, which resulted from reduced
costs incurred in connection with our preclinical and clinical trial programs, general and administrative costs, and interest
expense due to the conversion of the 2017 and 2020 Notes. 

For the Years Ended 

December 31, 
 Increase/ 

2022 
 2021 
 (Decrease) 
 Change 

Grant Revenue 
 989,042 
 - 
 989,042 
 0.0 

Operating Expenses: 

Research and development 
 2,389,360 
 2,608,357 
 (218,997 
 -8.4 
 
 General and administrative 
 2,027,628 
 2,063,897 
 (36,269 
 -1.8 
 
 Total Operating Expenses 
 4,416,988 
 4,672,254 
 (255,266 
 -5.5 

Total Operating Loss 
 (3,427,946 
 (4,672,254 
 1,244,308 
 -26.6 

Other Income/(Expense): 

Research and development tax credit 
 36,954 
 31,315 
 5,639 
 18.0 
 
 Gain from forgiveness of PPP loan and interest 
 - 
 63,094 
 (63,094 
 -100.0 
 
 Interest expense, net 
 (163,691 
 (961,698 
 798,007 
 -83.0 

Total Other Expense, Net 
 (126,737 
 (867,289 
 740,552 
 -85.4 

Net Loss 
 (3,554,683 
 (5,539,543 
 1,984,860 
 -35.8 

22 

Grant
Revenue 

For
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, there was 989,042 and 0, respectively, of grant revenue recognized related to qualifying
expenses that were incurred and included within research and development on the consolidated statements of operations. 

Research
and Development 

Research
and development expenses were 2,389,360 for the year ended December 31, 2022, a decrease of 218,997 or 8.4 compared to 2,608,357
for the year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease was due to lower clinical trial cost and lower rent expense, partially offset by increased
insurance costs. 

The
following table summarizes our research and development expenses incurred during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: 

For the Years Ended 

December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 Increase/(Decrease) 
 Change 
 
 Research and development: 

Clinical trial and research expenses 
 1,833,037 
 2,064,125 
 (231,088 
 -11.2 
 
 Depreciation/amortization 
 7,458 
 8,647 
 (1,189 
 13.8 
 
 Insurance 
 230,947 
 207,556 
 23,391 
 11.3 
 
 Payroll and taxes 
 273,177 
 266,514 
 6,663 
 2.5 
 
 Rent and utilities 
 44,741 
 61,515 
 (16,774 
 -27.3 
 
 Total research and development 
 2,389,360 
 2,608,357 
 (218.997 
 -8.4 

General
and Administrative 

General
and administrative expenses were 2,027,628 for the year ended December 31, 2022, a decrease of 36,269 or 1.8 compared to 2,063,897
for the year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease was due to (i) lower legal fees, (ii) lower rent expense, and (iii) lower other general
and administrative cost, partially offset by (iv) higher insurance cost, (v) higher professional fees, and (vi) higher payroll and related
taxes due to an additional employee. 

The
following table summarizes our general and administrative expenses incurred during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: 

For the Years Ended 

December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Increase/(Decrease) 

Change 

General and administrative: 

Depreciation 

3,437 

4,218 

(781) 

-18.5 

Directors fees 

385,000 

385,000 

- 

0.0 

Insurance 

182,897 

161,992 

20,905 

12.9 

Legal fees 

521,632 

590,779 

(69,147) 

-11.7 

Other general and administrative cost 

12,288 

63,679 

(51,391) 

-80.7 

Payroll and taxes 

249,777 

230,898 

18,879 

8.2 

Professional fees 

649,834 

591,356 

58,478 

9.9 

Rent and utilities 

23,196 

31,055 

(7,859) 

-25.3 

Foreign currency translation 

(433) 

4,920 

(5,353) 

-108.8 

Total general and administrative 

2,027,628 

2,063,897 

(36,269) 

-1.8 

23 

Other
Income/(Expense) 

Research
and development tax credits were 36,954 for the year ended December 31, 2022, an increase of 5,639, compared to 31,315 for the year
ended December 31, 2021. 

Gain
from extinguishment decreased from 63,094 for the year ended December 31, 2021 to 0 for the year ended December 31, 2022 due to the
forgiveness of the PPP Loan and interest in 2021. 

Interest
expense decreased by 798,007 from 961,698 for the year ended December 31, 2021 to 163,691 for the year ended December 31, 2022. The
decrease was due to the conversion of the 2017 and 2020 Notes into shares of Series D and Series D-1 Preferred Stock. 

The
following table summarizes our Other Income/(Expenses) incurred during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: 

For the Years Ended 

December 31, 
 Increase/ 

2022 
 2021 
 (Decrease) 
 Change 
 
 Other Income/(Expense): 

Research and development tax credit 
 36,954 
 31,315 
 5,639 
 - 
 
 Gain from extinguishment 
 - 
 63,094 
 (63,094 
 0.0 
 
 Interest income and interest expense 
 (163,691 
 (961,698 
 798,007 
 -83.0 
 
 Total Other Expenses, Net 
 (126,737 
 (867,289 
 740,552 
 -85.4 

Liquidity
and Going Concern 

Our
cash, and restricted cash were 1,431,707 at December 31, 2022, which includes the 1,410,102 of restricted cash associated with the
grant received from the State of Tennessee. The consolidated financial statements and notes thereto included in this Annual Report on
Form 10-K have been prepared on a basis that contemplates the realization of assets and the satisfaction of liabilities and commitments
in the normal course of business. We have continuing net losses and negative cash flows from operating activities. In addition, we have
an accumulated deficit of 249,588,641 as of December 31, 2022. These conditions raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue
as a going concern for a period of at least one year from the date that the consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this
Annual Report on Form 10-K are issued. Our financial statements do not include any adjustments to the amounts and classification of assets
and liabilities that may be necessary should we be unable to continue as a going concern. Our ability to continue as a going concern
depends on our ability to obtain additional financing as may be required to fund current operations. 

Management s
plans include selling our equity securities and obtaining other financing to fund our capital requirement and on-going operations, including
the 2022 Financing discussed above; however, there can be no assurance we will be successful in these efforts. Significant funds will
be needed to continue and complete our ongoing and planned clinical trials. 

Cash
requirements for our current liabilities include approximately 4,614,528 for accounts payable and accrued expenses (including lease
liabilities) and a 239,394 note payable related to our short-term financing of our commercial insurance policies. Also, if not converted
prior to maturity, convertible debt in the amount of 1,827,500 plus accrued interest will mature one year from the date of the notes.
Cash requirements for long-term liabilities include 73,376 for operating lease liabilities. The Company intends to meet these cash requirements
from its current cash balance and from future financing. 

Access
to Capital 

Management
plans to access capital resources through possible public or private equity offerings, including the 2022 Financing, exchange offers,
debt financings, corporate collaborations, or other means. If we are unable to raise sufficient capital through the 2022 Financing or
otherwise, we will not be able to pay our obligations as they become due. 

24 

The
primary business objective of management is to build the Company into a commercial-stage biotechnology company; however, we cannot assure
you that management will be successful in implementing the Company s business plan of developing, licensing, and/or commercializing
our prescription drug candidates. Moreover, even if we are successful in improving our current cash flow position, we nonetheless plan
to seek additional funds to meet our current and long-term requirements in 2023 and beyond. We anticipate that these funds will otherwise
come from the proceeds of private placement transactions, including the 2022 Financing, the exercise of existing warrants and outstanding
stock options, or public offerings of debt or equity securities. While we believe that we have a reasonable basis for our expectation
that we will be able to raise additional funds, we cannot assure you that we will be able to complete additional financing in a timely
manner. In addition, any such financing may result in significant dilution to stockholders. 

During
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, our sources and uses of cash were as follows: 

Net
Cash Used in Operating Activities 

We
experienced negative cash flows from operating activities for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 in the amounts of 3,041,472
and 1,013,304, respectively. The net cash used in operating activities for the year ended December 31, 2022 was primarily due to cash
used to fund a net loss of 3,554,683, adjusted for non-cash items in the aggregate amount of 66,803, plus 446,408 of cash generated
from changes in the levels of operating assets and liabilities. The net cash used in operating activities for the year ended December
31, 2021 was primarily due to cash used to fund a net loss of 5,539,543, adjusted for non-cash expenses in the aggregate amount of 54,717,
plus 4,471,522 of cash generated from changes in the levels of operating assets and liabilities. 

Net
Cash Provided by Financing Activities 

Net
cash provided by financing activities during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was 1,367,841 and 4,024,046, respectively.
During the year ended December 31, 2022, we received 1,627,500 proceeds from the issuance of convertible notes payable and 259,659
for the repayment of short-term note payable. During the year ended December 31, 2021, we received 3,160,000 proceeds from the issuance
of convertible notes payable, 962,223 from the exercise of warrants and 150,000 from the investment to purchase Series D-1 Preferred
Stock, less 248,177 for repayment of short-term note payable. 

Critical
Accounting Estimates and Policies 

The
preparation of financial statements and related disclosures must be in conformity with U.S. GAAP. These accounting principles require
us to make estimates and judgments that can affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities as of the date of the financial statements
as well as the reported amounts of revenue and expense during the periods presented. We believe that the estimates and judgments upon
which it relies are reasonably based upon information available to us at the time that it makes these estimates and judgments. To the
extent that there are material differences between these estimates and actual results, our financial results will be affected. A critical accounting estimate to our financial statements include stock-based
compensation, research and development expenses, grant, and valuation of income taxes. The accounting
policies that reflect our more significant estimates and judgments and which we believe are the most critical to aid in fully understanding
and evaluating our reported financial results are described below. 

The
following is not intended to be a comprehensive list of all of our accounting policies or estimates. Our accounting policies are more
fully described in Note 3 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies, in our financial statements included at the end of this
Annual Report. 

Stock-Based
Compensation 

We
measure the cost of services received in exchange for an award of equity instruments based on the fair value of the award on the date
of grant. The fair value amount of the shares expected to ultimately vest is then recognized over the period for which services are required
to be provided in exchange for the award, usually the vesting period. The estimation of stock-based awards that will ultimately vest
requires judgment, and to the extent actual results or updated estimates differ from original estimates, such amounts are recorded as
a cumulative adjustment in the period that the estimates are revised. We account for forfeitures as they occur. 

Research
and Development 

Research
and development expenses consist of expenses incurred in performing research and development activities, including compensation and benefits
for research and development employees and consultants, facilities expenses, overhead expenses, cost of laboratory supplies, manufacturing
expenses, fees paid to third parties and other outside expenses. We accrue for costs incurred as the services are being provided by
monitoring the status of the clinical trial or project and the invoices received from our external service providers. We adjust our accrual
as actual costs become known. 

25 

Income
Taxes 

The
Company accounts for income taxes under the liability method in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification ASC 740 Income Taxes . Under this method, deferred income tax assets and liabilities are determined based on differences between
financial reporting and tax basis of assets and liabilities and are measured using the enacted tax rates and laws that will be in effect
when the differences are expected to reverse. A valuation allowance is established if it is more likely than not that all, or some portion,
of deferred income tax assets will not be realized. The Company has recorded a full valuation allowance to reduce its net deferred income
tax assets to zero. In the event the Company were to determine that it would be able to realize some or all its deferred income tax assets
in the future, an adjustment to the deferred income tax asset would increase income in the period such determination was made. 

The
Company recognizes the effect of income tax positions only if those positions are more likely than not of being sustained upon an examination.
Any recognized income tax positions would be measured at the largest amount that is greater than 50 likely of being realized. Changes
in recognition or measurement would be reflected in the period in which the change in judgment occurs. The Company would recognize any
corresponding interest and penalties associated with its income tax positions in income tax expense. 

Convertible
Instruments 

The
Company evaluates its convertible instruments to determine if those contracts or embedded components of those contracts qualify as derivative
financial instruments to be separately accounted for in accordance with ASC Topic 815: Derivatives and Hedging . The accounting
treatment of derivative financial instruments requires that the Company record qualifying embedded conversion options and any related
freestanding instruments at their fair values as of the inception date of the agreement and at fair value as of each subsequent balance
sheet date. Any change in fair value is recorded as non-operating, non-cash income or expense for each reporting period at each balance
sheet date. The Company reassesses the classification of its derivative instruments at each balance sheet date. If the classification
changes as a result of events during the period, the contract is reclassified as of the date of the event that caused the reclassification.
Embedded conversion options classified as derivative liabilities and any related equity classified freestanding instruments are recorded
as a discount to the host instrument. 

If
the instrument is determined to not be a derivative liability, the Company then evaluates for the existence of a beneficial conversion
feature by comparing the commitment date fair value to the effective conversion price of the instrument. 

Preferred
Stock 

The
Company applies the accounting standards for distinguishing liabilities from equity when determining the classification and measurement
of its preferred stock. Preferred shares subject to mandatory redemption are classified as liability instruments and are measured at
fair value. Conditionally redeemable preferred shares (including preferred shares that feature redemption rights that are either within
the control of the holder or subject to redemption upon the occurrence of uncertain events not solely within the Company s control)
are classified as temporary equity. At all other times, preferred shares are classified as stockholders deficiency. 

Grant Revenue 

Grant revenue is recognized when qualifying costs
are incurred and there is reasonable assurance that the conditions of the grant have been met. Cash received from grants in advance of incurring
qualifying costs is recorded as unearned grant revenue and recognized as grant revenue when qualifying costs are incurred. 

Patent Costs 

The Company expenses all costs as incurred in connection
with patent applications (including direct application fees, and the legal and consulting expenses related to making such applications)
and such costs are included in general and administrative expenses in the accompanying statements of operations and comprehensive loss. 

Recent
Accounting Pronouncements 

Recently
issued accounting standards are included in Note 3 Significant Accounting Policies of our consolidated financial statements included
within this annual report. 

ITEM
 7A. 
 QUANTITATIVE
 AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK. 

Not
applicable. 

26 

ITEM
 8. 
 FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA. 

INDEX
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Page 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (Marcum LLP, PCAOB ID No. 
 F-1 

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-2 

Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-3 

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-4 

Consolidated Statements of Changes In Stockholders Deficit for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-5 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-6 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F-7
 F-24 

27 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To
the Stockholders and Board of Directors of 

 Provectus
Biopharmaceuticals, Inc. 

Opinion
on the Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Provectus Biopharmaceuticals, Inc. and Subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive loss, changes in stockholders 
deficit and cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred
to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material
respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows
for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United
States of America. 

Explanatory
Paragraph Going Concern 

The
accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As more
fully described in Note 2, the Company has a significant working capital deficit, has incurred significant losses and needs to raise
additional funds to meet its obligations and sustain its operations. These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company s
ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 2. The consolidated
financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audit s . We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting
Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with
the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company
is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits,
we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion
on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error
or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits
provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical
Audit Matters 

Critical
audit matters are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be
communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and
(2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. We determined that there are no critical audit matters. 

/s/

Marcum
 llp 

We
have served as the Company s auditor since 2016. 

March
29, 2023 

F- 1 

PROVECTUS
BIOPHARMACEUTICALS, INC. 

CONSOLIDATED
BALANCE SHEETS 

December 31, 
 December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

Assets 

Current Assets: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Restricted cash 

Short-term receivables 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Total Current Assets 

Equipment and furnishings, less accumulated depreciation of and , respectively 

Operating lease right-of-use asset 

Total Assets 

Liabilities and Stockholders Deficit 

Current Liabilities: 

Accounts payable 

Deposit for Series D-1 Preferred Stock 
 - 

Unearned grant revenue 

Other accrued expenses 

Accrued interest 

Accrued interest - related parties 

Notes payable 

Convertible notes payable 

Convertible notes payable - related parties 

Operating lease liability, current portion 

Total Current Liabilities 

Operating lease liability, non-current portion 
 
 - 

Total Liabilities 

Commitments, contingencies, and litigations (Note 16) 
 - 

Stockholders Deficit: 

Preferred stock; par value per share; shares authorized; 

Series D Convertible Preferred Stock; shares designated; shares issued and outstanding at December 31,
 2022 and December 31, 2021; aggregate liquidation preference of at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 

Series D-1 Convertible Preferred Stock; shares designated; and shares issued and outstanding at
 December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively; aggregate liquidation preference of and at December
 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively 

Preferred stock value 

Common stock; par value per share; shares authorized; and shares issued and
 outstanding at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated other comprehensive loss 

Accumulated deficit 

Total Stockholders Deficit 

Total Liabilities and Stockholders Deficit 

See
accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

F- 2 

PROVECTUS
BIOPHARMACEUTICALS, INC. 

CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

For the Years Ended 

December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

Grant Revenue 
 
 - 

Operating Expenses: 

Research and development 

General and administrative 

Total Operating Expenses 

Total Operating Loss 

Other Income/(Expense): 

Research and development tax credit 

Gain from forgiveness of PPP loan and interest 
 - 

Interest expense, net 

Total Other Expense, Net 

Net Loss 

Basic and Diluted Loss Per Common Share 

Weighted Average Number of Common Shares Outstanding - Basic and Diluted 

See
accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

F- 3 

PROVECTUS
BIOPHARMACEUTICALS, INC. 

CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE LOSS 

For the Years Ended 

December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

Net Loss 

Other Comprehensive Loss: 

Foreign currency translation adjustments 

Total Comprehensive Loss 

See
accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

F- 4 

PROVECTUS
BIOPHARMACEUTICALS, INC. 

CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

 FOR
THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

Accumulated 

Preferred
 Stock 
 Preferred
 Stock 
 Preferred
 Stock 

Additional 
 Other 

Series
 B 
 Series
 D 
 Series
 D-1 
 Common
 Stock 
 Paid-In 
 Comprehensive 
 Accumulated 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Loss 
 Deficit 
 Total 

Balance
 at January 1, 2021 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Common
 stock issued upon exercise of warrants 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 

Stock-based
 compensation: 

Common
 stock 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 

Warrants 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Conversion
 of Series B Preferred Stock to Common Stock 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 
 - 
 
 Conversion
 of PRH Notes to Series D Preferred Stock 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Conversion
 of PRH Notes to Series D1 Preferred Stock 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Conversion
 of Series D-1 Preferred Stock to Common stock 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 - 
 
 Comprehensive
 loss: 

Net
 loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Other
 comprehensive loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Balance
 at December 31, 2021 
 - 
 - 

Balance 
 - 
 - 

Series
 D-1 Preferred Stock issued for cash 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Stock-based
 compensation: 

Common
 stock 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 

Conversion
 of 2021 Notes to Series D-1 Preferred Stock 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Comprehensive
 loss: 

Net
 loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Other
 comprehensive loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Balance
 at December 31, 2022 
 - 
 - 

Balance 
 - 
 - 

See
accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

F- 5 

PROVECTUS
BIOPHARMACEUTICALS, INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

For the Years Ended 

December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

Cash Flows From Operating Activities: 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Stock-based compensation 

Non-cash lease expense 

Depreciation 

Gain on forgiveness of PPP Loan and interest 
 - 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities 

Short term receivables 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Accounts payable 

Unearned grant revenue 

Other accrued expenses 

Operating lease liability 

Accrued interest 

Net Cash Used In Operating Activities 

Cash Flows From Financing Activities: 

Proceeds from issuance of convertible notes payable 

Proceeds from issuance of convertible notes payable - related parties 

Repayment of short-term note payable 

Deposit for purchase of Series D-1 Preferred Stock 
 - 

Proceeds from exercise of warrants 
 - 

Net Cash Provided By Financing Activities 

Effect of exchange rates on cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash 

Net (Decrease) Increase In Cash, Cash Equivalents, and Restricted Cash 

Cash, Cash Equivalents, and Restricted Cash, Beginning of Year 

Cash, Cash Equivalents, and Restricted Cash, End of Year 

Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash consisted of the following: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Restricted cash 

Cash, Cash Equivalents,
 and Restricted Cash, End of Year 

Supplemental Disclosures of Cash Flow Information: 

Cash paid during the year for: 

Interest 
 - 
 - 
 
 Income taxes 
 - 
 - 

Non-cash investing and financing activities: 

Purchase of insurance policies financed by short-term note payable 

Deposit applied to equity issuances 
 
 - 
 
 Conversion of non-amended 2017 Notes to Series D Preferred Stock 
 - 

Conversion of amended 2017 Notes and 2020 Notes to Series D-1 Preferred Stock 
 - 

Conversion of Series D-1 Preferred Stock to Common stock 
 - 

Conversion of 2021 Notes to Series D-1 Preferred Stock 
 
 - 
 
 Right-of-use asset for lease liability 
 
 - 

See
accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

F- 6 

PROVECTUS
BIOPHARMACEUTICALS, INC. 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

at December 31, 2022 which includes of restricted cash resulting
from a grant received from the State of Tennessee. The Company s working capital deficiency was and as of
December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The decline in working capital is primarily driven by lower cash on hand and higher accounts
payable. The Company continues to incur significant operating losses. Management expects that significant on-going operating expenditures
will be necessary to successfully implement the Company s business plan and develop and market its products. These circumstances
raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern within one year after the date that these consolidated
financial statements are issued. Implementation of the Company s plans and its ability to continue as a going concern will depend
upon the Company s ability to develop PV-10, PH-10, and/or any other halogenated xanthene-based drug products, and to raise additional
capital. 

The
Company plans to access capital resources through possible public or private equity offerings, including the 2022 Financing (as defined
in Note 5), exchange offers, debt financings, corporate collaborations, or other means. In addition, the Company continues to explore
opportunities to strategically monetize its lead drug candidates, PV-10 and PH-10, through potential co-development and licensing transactions,
although there can be no assurance that the Company will be successful with such plans. The Company has historically been able to raise
capital through equity and debt offerings, although no assurance can be provided that it will continue to be successful in the future.
If the Company is unable to raise sufficient capital, it will not be able to pay its obligations as they become due. 

The
primary business objective of management is to build the Company into a commercial-stage biotechnology company; however, the Company
cannot assure that it will be successful in co-developing, licensing, and/or commercializing PV-10, PH-10, and/or any other halogenated
xanthene-based drug candidate developed by the Company or entering into any financial transaction. Moreover, even if the Company is successful
in improving its current cash flow position, the Company nonetheless plans to seek additional funds to meet its long-term requirements
in 2023 and beyond. The Company anticipates that these funds will otherwise come from the proceeds of private placement transactions,
the exercise of existing warrants and outstanding stock options, or public offerings of debt or equity securities. While the Company
believes that it has a reasonable basis for its expectation that it will be able to raise additional funds, the Company cannot provide
assurance that it will be able to complete additional financing in a timely manner. In addition, any such financing may result in significant
dilution to stockholders. 

and , respectively. 

received in cash from the State of Tennessee less payments to vendors for expenses and deposits
in the amount of . See Note 14, Grants. 

, although the Company seeks to minimize this through treasury management. The Company has never experienced any losses related
to these balances although no assurance can be provided that it will not experience any losses in the future. As of December 31, 2022
and 2021, the Company had cash, cash equivalent, and restricted cash balances in excess of FDIC insurance limits of and ,
respectively. 

Options 

Convertible preferred stock 

2021 unsecured convertible notes 
 
 - 
 
 2022 unsecured convertible notes 
 
 - 

Total potentially dilutive shares 

In
instances where inputs used to measure fair value fall into different levels in the above fair value hierarchy, fair value measurements
in their entirety are categorized based on the lowest level input that is significant to the valuation. The Company s assessment
of the significance of particular inputs to these fair value measurements requires judgment and considers factors specific to each asset
or liability. 

Both
observable and unobservable inputs may be used to determine the fair value of positions that are classified within the Level 3 category.
As a result, the unrealized gains and losses for assets within the Level 3 category may include changes in fair value that were attributable
to both observable (e.g., changes in market interest rates) and unobservable (e.g., changes in historical company data) inputs. Financial
assets are considered Level 3 when their fair values are determined using pricing models, discounted cash flow methodologies or similar
techniques and at least one significant model assumption or input is unobservable. 

and at December 31, 2022 and and at December 31, 2021, respectively) are translated
into the United States Dollar at the balance sheet date, and net expense accounts of and for the years ended December
31, 2022 and 2021, respectively) are translated at a weighted average exchange rate for the years then ended. Equity is translated
at historical rates and the resulting foreign currency translation adjustments are included as a component of accumulated other
comprehensive loss AOCL ), which is a separate component of stockholders deficit. Therefore, the U.S. dollar
value of the non-equity translated items in the Company s consolidated financial statements will fluctuate from period to
period, depending on the changing value of the U.S. dollar versus these currencies. 

The
Company engages in foreign currency denominated transactions with its Australian subsidiary. At the date that the transaction is recognized,
each asset, liability, revenue, expense, gain or loss arising from the transaction is measured and recorded in the functional currency
of the recording entity using the exchange rate in effect at that date. At each balance sheet date, recorded monetary balances denominated
in a currency other than the functional currency are adjusted using the exchange rate at the balance sheet date, with gains or losses
recorded in other income or other expense. 

Accrued vacation 

Accrued directors fees 

Accrued other expenses 

Total Other Accrued Expenses 

- 
 - 

Issuance 
 - 
 - 

- 

Conversions 

- 
 - 

Balance at December 31, 2021 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Issuance 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Conversions 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Balance at December 31, 2022 
 - 
 - 
 - 

2021
Financing 

On
August 13, 2021, the Board approved a Financing Term Sheet (the 2021 Term Sheet ), which set forth the terms under which
the Company will use its best efforts to arrange for financing of a maximum of (the 2021 Financing ), which amounts
will be obtained in several tranches. 

Pursuant
to the 2021 Term Sheet, the 2021 Notes will either be paid back, convert into shares of the Company s Series D-1 Preferred Stock,
or convert into Company equity securities and/or debt instruments of certain future financings on or before twelve months after the issue
date of a 2021 Note, subject to certain exceptions. 

The
2021 Financing is in the form of unsecured convertible loans from the investors and evidenced by convertible promissory notes (individually,
a 2021 Note and collectively, the 2021 Notes ). In addition to customary provisions, the 2021 Notes will contain
the following provisions: 

(i) 
 The
 2021 Notes bear interest at the rate of eight percent per annum on the outstanding principal amount of the loan that has been
 funded to the Company; 

(ii) 
 In
 the event there is a change of control of the Board, the term of the 2021 Notes will be accelerated and all amounts due under the
 2021 Notes may be immediately due and payable at the investors option; 

(iii) 
 The
 outstanding principal amount and interest payment under the 2021 Notes may be paid back at maturity at the investors option; 

(iv) 
 The
 outstanding principal amount and interest payable under the 2021 Notes are convertible at the investors option into shares
 of Series D-1 Preferred Stock at a price per share equal to . The Series D-1 Preferred Stock is convertible into ten shares of common stock; and 

(v) 
 In
 the event the Company conducts a qualified equity or debt financing and the Company receives gross proceeds in the aggregate amount
 of million, the 2021 Notes may be converted into the equity securities and/or debt instruments of such financing at the same
 terms as those investors. 

The
embedded conversion options associated with the 2021 Notes do not require bifurcation and treatment as a derivative liability and they
do not represent a beneficial conversion feature because the effective conversion price is not at a discount to the commitment date market
price. 

On
September 20, 2022, the Board approved the closure of the 2021 Financing. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had received 2021 Notes
(defined above) aggregate proceeds of , of which is from related party investors (an officer and director of the Company). 

2022
Financing 

On
September 20, 2022, the Board approved a Financing Term Sheet (the 2022 Term Sheet ), which set forth the terms under which
the Company will use its best efforts to arrange for financing of a maximum of (the 2022 Financing ), which amounts
will be obtained in several tranches. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had received proceeds of from 2022 Notes, (defined
below), of which was from a related party investor (a Company director) in connection with the 2022 Financing. 

Pursuant
to the 2022 Term Sheet, the 2022 Notes (defined below) will convert into shares of the Company s Series D-1 Preferred Stock twelve
months after the issue date of a 2022 Note, subject to certain exceptions. 

The
2022 Financing will be in the form of an unsecured convertible loans from the investors (the 2022 Note Investors and evidenced
by convertible promissory notes (individually, a 2022 Note and collectively, the 2022 Notes ). In addition
to customary provisions, the 2022 Notes will contain the following provisions: 

(i) 
 The
 2022 Notes will bear interest at the rate of eight percent per annum on the outstanding principal amount of the Loan that has
 been funded to the Company; 

(ii) 
 In
 the event there is a change of control of the Board, the term of the 2022 Notes will be accelerated and all amounts due under the
 2022 Notes may be immediately due and payable at the 2022 Note Investors option; 

(iii) 
 The
 outstanding principal amount and interest payable under the 2022 Notes may be convertible at the 2022 Note Investors option
 into shares of Series D-1 Preferred Stock at a price per share equal to . The Series D-1 Preferred Stock is convertible into
 ten shares of common stock; and 

(iv) 
 The
 outstanding principal amount and interest payable under the 2022 Notes will be automatically convertible into shares of the Company s
 Series D-1 Preferred Stock twelve (12) months after the issue date of a 2022 Note. 

The
embedded conversion options associated with the 2022 Notes do not require bifurcation and treatment as a derivative liability and they
do not represent a beneficial conversion feature because the effective conversion price is not at a discount to the commitment date market
price. 

2021
Conversions of 2017 and 2020 Notes into Preferred Stock 

Accrued interest converted 

Total converted 

Conversion price 

Total shares 

Any
fractional shares issuable pursuant to the formula were rounded up to the next whole share of Series D and Series D-1 Preferred Shares. 

The
2017 Notes originally provided that they were convertible into a new series of preferred stock at a price per share equal to 
(the Original Conversion Price ). In order to ensure that the Company had sufficient authorized shares of preferred stock
into which the 2017 Notes would convert, yet keep the economic terms of the 2017 Notes substantially equivalent, on February 26, 2019,
the Company entered into amendments (the Amendments to the 2017 Notes (as amended, the Amended 2017 Notes with a large majority of the holders of 2017 Notes to increase the conversion price by 10 times from to (the New
Conversion Price and to change the conversion ratio by providing that one share of Preferred Stock would be convertible into
 shares of common stock (the New Conversion Ratio ). The impact of the Amendments was to reduce by 10 times the number
of shares of preferred stock into which the 2017 Notes would convert, while keeping the economic terms the same. 

The
2020 Notes had substantially similar terms to the Amended 2017 Notes, including being convertible into preferred stock at the New Conversion
Price, with the Preferred Stock being convertible into Common Stock at the New Conversion Ratio. 

In
order to (i) address the fact that a small minority of the holders of 2017 Notes did not execute the Amendments and (ii) ensure economic
fairness for all of the holders of the 2017 Notes and 2020 Notes, on June 17, 2021, the Company designated two separate series of preferred
stock into which the 2017 Notes and 2020 Notes would convert: (i) the Company s Series D Convertible Preferred Stock, par value
 per share was designated for the holders of 2017 Notes who did not execute the Amendments and (ii) the Company s Series
D-1 Preferred Stock, par value per share was designated for issuance upon the conversion of Amended 2017 Notes, 2020 Notes, 2021
Notes, and 2022 Notes. 

On
June 20, 2021, principal and interest in the aggregate amount of , representing all of the outstanding non-amended 2017 Notes,
was converted into shares of Series D Convertible Preferred Stock at the Original Conversion Price of . Further on
June 20, 2021, principal and interest in the aggregate amount of , representing all of the outstanding Amended 2017 Notes
and outstanding 2020 Notes was converted into shares of Series D-1 Convertible Preferred Stock at the New Conversion Price
of . Any fractional shares issuable pursuant to the formula were rounded up to the next whole share of Series D and Series D-1
Preferred Shares. See Note 9, Stockholders Deficit for additional information on the Series D and Series D-1 Preferred Stock. 

As
a result of the conversion of the 2017 Notes and 2020 Notes into convertible preferred stock, all the security interests of these Notes
in the Company s intellectual property were released. 

2022
Conversions of 2021 Notes into Preferred Stock 

Accrued interest converted 

Total converted 

Conversion price 

Total shares 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, principal and interest in the aggregate amount of , representing two 2021 Notes were converted
into shares of Series D-1 Preferred Stock at the Conversion Price of . Any fractional shares issuable pursuant to the formula
were rounded up to the next whole share of Series D-1 Preferred Shares. See Note 9, Stockholders Deficit for additional information
on the Series D-1 Preferred Stock. 

loan under the CARES Act PPP (the PPP Loan ). On May 20,
2021, the Company applied for forgiveness of the PPP Loan. On June 2, 2021, the Company was awarded full forgiveness of the PPP Loan
and accrued interest. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company recognized a gain on forgiveness of the PPP loan of 
and interest of . 

The
Company obtained short-term financing from AFCO Insurance Premium Finance for our commercial insurance policies. As of December 31, 2022
and December 31, 2021, the balance of the note payable was and , respectively. 

and
 , respectively, for services rendered. Director fees for Mr. Horowitz for the year ending December 31, 2022 and 2021 were 
and , respectively. Accrued director fees for Mr. Horowitz as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 were and , respectively.
Total amount owed to Capital Strategists as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 were and , respectively. Mr. Horowitz serves
as both COO and a Director. 

See
Note 5 and Note 8 for details of other related party transactions. 

Director
fees during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were and , respectively. Accrued directors fees as of
December 31, 2022 and 2021 were and , respectively. 

that is owed from Peter Culpepper,
the former Interim Chief Executive Officer of the Company. The Company has established a reserve of approximately as of December
31, 2022 and 2021, which represents the amount Culpepper owes to the Company under the Derivative Lawsuit Settlement (excluding the amount
of attorneys fees incurred in enforcing the terms of the Derivative Lawsuit Settlement). 

shares of common stock, par value, and shares
of preferred stock, par value. The holders of the Company s common stock are entitled to one vote per share. The preferred
stock is designated as follows: shares to Series D Convertible Preferred Stock (the Series D Preferred Stock ),
and shares of Series D-1 Convertible Preferred Stock (the Series D-1 Preferred Stock and shares undesignated. 

Series
B Preferred Stock 

On
August 25, 2016, the Company filed the Series B Certificate of Designation with the Delaware Secretary of State. The Series B Certificate
of Designation provides for the issuance of the Series B Preferred Stock with a par value of per share and a stated value of 
per share. The Series B Preferred Stock has no voting rights. The holders of Series B Preferred Stock are entitled to receive cumulative
dividends at the rate of per annum of the stated value per share, until the fifth anniversary of the date of issuance of the Series
B Preferred Stock, at which time the Series B Preferred Stock automatically converts into common stock at the adjusted conversion price
of . 

During
the year ended December 31, 2021, shares of outstanding Series B Preferred Stock automatically converted, at the fifth-year anniversary
of their issuance, into shares of common stock, which represents of stated value plus of cumulative dividends)
divided by the adjusted conversion price. On March 30, 2022, the Company filed a Certificate of Elimination with the State of Delaware
eliminating the Series B Preferred Stock. 

Series
D and Series D-1 Preferred Stock 

The
rights, preferences and privileges of the Series D Preferred Stock and Series D-1 Preferred Stock (collectively, the D-Series
Preferred Stock are set forth in their respective Certificates of Designation. The Board of Directors of the Company
approved each of the Certificates of Designation on June 14, 2021, and each Certificate of Designation was filed with the Delaware
Secretary of State on June 17, 2021. The Series D Certificate of Designation established and designated 
shares of Series D Preferred Stock. The Series D-1 Certificate of Designation was established and initially designated 
shares of Series D-1 Preferred Stock. 

On
June 20, 2021, the Company issued shares of Series D Preferred Stock upon the conversion of all of the outstanding 2017 Notes
at the Original Conversion Price of and issued shares of Series D-1 Preferred Stock upon the conversion of all outstanding
Amended 2017 Notes and 2020 Notes at the New Conversion Price of . See Note 5, Convertible Notes Payable for additional information
on the conversion. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2021, a holder of shares of Series D-1 Preferred Stock voluntarily converted the Preferred Stock
into shares of common stock. 

On
March 30, 2022, the Company amended the Certificate of Designation filed with the Delaware Secretary of State to increase the authorized
shares of Series D-1 Preferred Stock to shares. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company received consideration of from an investor in exchange for an aggregate of 
shares of restricted Series D-1 Preferred Stock that were issued during the first quarter of 2022. 

During
the fourth quarter of 2022, the Company issued shares of Series D-1 Preferred Stock upon the automatic conversion of 
of principal and accrued interest outstanding on the 2021 Notes. 

Rank 

The
Series D Preferred Stock and the Series D-1 Preferred Stock rank pari passu with each other. The D-Series Preferred Stock rank
senior to the Common Stock and any other class or series of the Company s capital stock, the terms of which do not provide that
shares of such class rank senior to, or pari passu with, the D-Series Preferred as to dividends and distributions upon a change
of control transaction, or the liquidation, winding-up and dissolution of the Company. 

Dividends 

The
D-Series Preferred Stock does not have any dividend preference but are entitled to receive, on a pari passu basis, dividends,
if any, that are declared and paid on the common stock and any other class of the Company s capital stock that ranks junior or
on par to the D-Series Preferred Stock. 

Liquidation
Preference 

Upon
the occurrence of the liquidation, winding-up or dissolution of the Company or certain mergers, corporate reorganizations or sales of
the Company s assets (each, a Company Event ), holders of D-Series Preferred Stock will be entitled to receive a liquidation
preference before any distributions are made to holders of any other class or series of the Company s capital stock junior to the
D-Series Preferred Stock. If a Company Event occurs within two years of June 20, 2021 (the Date of Issuance ), the holders
of D-Series Preferred Stock will receive, for each share of D-Series Preferred Stock, an amount in cash equal to the Original Issue
Price (as defined in the respective Certificates of Designation) multiplied by four. If a Company Event occurs from and after the second
anniversary of the Date of Issuance, the holders of D-Series Preferred Stock will receive, for each share of D-Series Preferred Stock,
an amount in cash equal to the Original Issue Price multiplied by six. The Original Issue Price for the Series D Preferred Stock is ,
and the Original Issue Price for the Series D-1 Preferred Stock is . 

Voting
Rights 

Holders
of shares of D-Series Preferred Stock will vote together with the holders of common stock as a single class. 

The
Company is not permitted to amend, alter or repeal its Certificate of Incorporation or Bylaws in a manner adverse to the relative rights,
preferences, qualifications, limitations or restrictions of the D-Series Preferred Stock without the affirmative vote of a majority of
the votes entitled to be cast by holders of outstanding shares of D-Series Preferred Stock, voting together as a single class with each
share of D-Series Convertible Preferred Stock having a number of votes equal to the number of shares of common stock then issuable upon
conversion of such share of D-Series Preferred Stock. 

Conversion 

The
Series D Preferred Stock is convertible at the option of the holders thereof into shares of common stock based on a one-for-one conversion
ratio. The Series D-1 Preferred Stock is convertible at the option of the holders thereof into shares of common stock based on a one-for-ten
conversion ratio. The conversion ratio of the D-Series Preferred Stock is subject to adjustment for stock splits and combinations, recapitalizations,
reclassifications, reorganizations, mergers, and consolidations. The D-Series Preferred Stock will automatically convert into shares
of common stock upon the fifth anniversary of the date of issuance. 

Common
Stock Issuances 

During
the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company issued an aggregate of shares of immediately vested restricted common stock with
a grant date fair value of for services. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company issued shares of common stock upon the voluntary conversion of Series D-1 Preferred
Stock. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company issued shares of common stock upon automatic conversion of Series B Preferred Stock. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company issued an aggregate of shares of immediately vested restricted common stock with
a grant date fair value of for services. 

shares of common stock pursuant to stock options for the benefit of eligible
employees and directors of the Company. Options granted under the 2017 Equity Compensation Plan are either incentive stock options 
within the meaning of Section 422 of the Internal Revenue Code or options which are not incentive stock options. The stock options are
exercised over a period determined by the Board of Directors (through its Compensation Committee), but generally no longer than 
years after the date they are granted. As of December 31, 2022, there were shares available for issuance under the 2017 Equity
Compensation Plan. 

There
were no stock options granted during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Forfeited 

Outstanding and exercisable at December 31, 2021 

Forfeited 

Outstanding and exercisable at December 31, 2022 

As
of December 31, 2022, the intrinsic value of outstanding and exercisable options was . 

Warrants 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company did not issue any warrants. On August 30, 2021, a total of of August 2016 warrants
expired. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2021, holders of warrants exercised warrants to purchase shares of common stock at a price of
 per share. In connection with the exercises, the Company received cash proceeds of and issued shares of common
stock. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company issued three-year immediately vested warrants to an advisory board member to purchase
an aggregate of shares of common stock with exercise price of per share. The warrants had an aggregate grant date fair
value of , which was recognized immediately within stock compensation in general and administrative expenses. 

Expected volatility 
 n/a 

Risk-free interest rate 
 n/a 

Expected dividend 
 n/a 

Granted 

Exercised 

Forfeited 

Outstanding and exercisable at December 31, 2021 

Forfeited 

Outstanding and exercisable at December 31, 2022 

As
of December 31, 2022, the intrinsic value of outstanding and exercisable warrants was . 

Holders
of the outstanding warrants are not entitled to vote and the exercise prices of such warrants are subject to customary anti-dilution
provisions. 

Foreign 

Net Pre-Tax Loss 

State: 

Current 
 
 - 
 - 
 
 Deferred 

Change in valuation allowance 

Income tax provision (benefit) 
 
 - 
 - 

State income taxes, net of federal benefit 

Permanent differences 

Change in valuation allowance 

Prior year true-up 

Expiration of federal and state net operating loss carryforwards 

Expiration of warrants and options 

Conversion of accrued interest to preferred stock 

Miscellaneous 

Effective income tax rate 

Research and development credit carryovers 

Stock-based compensation 

Intangible assets 

Capitalized R D expenditures 
 
 - 
 
 Contribution carryovers 

Accrued liabilities 

Gross deferred tax assets 

Deferred Tax Liabilities: 

Depreciation 
 
 - 
 
 Prepaid expenses 

Other 
 - 

Gross deferred tax liabilities 

Valuation allowance 

Deferred tax asset, net of valuation allowance 
 - 
 - 

Change in valuation allowance 

A
valuation allowance against deferred tax assets is required if, based on the weight of available evidence, it is more likely than not
that some or all of the deferred tax assets may not be realized. The Company is in the early stages of development and realization of
the deferred tax assets is not considered more likely than not. As a result, the Company has recorded a full valuation allowance for
the net deferred tax asset. 

Since
inception of the Company on January 17, 2002, the Company has generated federal, state, and Australian tax net operating losses of approximately
 million, million, and thousand, respectively. Under the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, federal net operating losses incurred after
December 31, 2017 may be carried forward indefinitely. The tax loss carryforwards of the Company may be subject to limitation by Section
382 of the Internal Revenue Code with respect to the amount utilizable each year. This limitation could reduce the Company s ability
to utilize net operating loss carryforwards. Federal net operating losses NOLs totaling million expire in various
amounts between 2023 and 2037. Federal NOLS totaling million do not expire. 

2004 

2005 

2006 

2007 

2008 

2009 

2010 

2011 

2012 

2013 

2014 

2015 

2016 

2017 

2018 
 N/A 

2019 
 N/A 

2020 
 N/A 

2021 
 N/A 

2022 
 N/A 

Total NOLS 

State
NOLS totaling million expire in various years between 2023 and 2037. 

2009 

2010 

2011 

2012 

2013 

2014 

2015 

2016 

2017 

2018 

2019 

2020 

2021 

2022 

Total NOLS 

Australia
NOLS totaling do not expire. 

2018 
 N/A 

2019 
 N/A 

2020 
 N/A 

2021 2022 
 N/A N/A 

Total NOLS 

The
Company has determined that there are no uncertain tax positions as of December 31, 2022 or 2021. 

We
file income tax returns in the U.S., Tennessee, and Australia. As of December 31, 2022, 

To
date, the Company s operations conducted by its Australian subsidiary consist primarily of research and development activities.
As of December 31, 2022, there were no accumulated earnings and profits in the Company s foreign subsidiary. At current tax rates,
no additional federal income taxes (net of available tax attributes) would be payable if such earnings were to be repatriated. 

square feet of corporate office space in Knoxville, Tennessee through an operating lease agreement for a term of
 ending on June 30, 2022. Payments were approximately per month due to the Company negotiating a continued reduced rent
from January 1, 2022 through June 30, 2022. 

On
June 30, 2022, the lease expired and was not renewed. On June 18, 2022, the Company moved into square feet of leased corporate
office space in Knoxville, Tennessee through an operating lease agreement for a term of ending June 30, 2025. The monthly
base rent ranges from to over the term on the lease. 

Total
expense for operating leases for the year ended December 31, 2022 was , of which, was included within research and development
and was included within general and administrative expenses on the consolidated statements of operations. Total expense for operating
leases for the year ended December 31, 2021 was , of which, was included within research and development and was
included within general and administrative expenses on the consolidated statements of operations. 

As
of December 31, 2022, the Company had no leases that were classified as a financing lease. As of December 31, 2022, the Company did not
have additional operating and financing leases that have not yet commenced. 

Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for lease obligations: 

Operating leases 
 
 - 

Weighted Average Remaining Lease Term 

Operating leases 
 Years 
 Years 

Weighted Average Discount Rate 

Operating leases 
 - 

2024 

2025 

Total future minimum lease payments 

Less: amount representing imputed interest 

Total 

contribution made by the Company
in 2022 or 2021. 

from the State of Tennessee for the study of animal cancers and dermatological
disorders for the period October 15, 2021 to June 30, 2022 (the Tennessee Grant or Grant ). The Tennessee
Grant was pre-funded; therefore, the funds do not need to be used in full by June 30, 2022. The Tennessee Grant was provided as reimbursement
of research and development expenses related to the development of animal health drug products. The Company has elected gross presentation
of the Tennessee Grant income earned and the related research and development expenses with Grant income presented as Grant revenue in
the period in which it is earned, and qualifying costs presented as research and development expenses included in the Company s
statement of operations, in the period that such costs are incurred. As of December 31, 2022, has been recorded as unearned
Grant revenue liability on the accompanying audited consolidated balance sheets. The Company recorded and 0 of Grant revenue
during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

. 

Preferred Stock 

Subsequent to December 31, 2022, the Company issued
an aggregate of shares of Series D-1 Convertible Preferred Stock upon automatic conversion of a 2021 Note. 

F- 24 

ITEM
 9. 
 CHANGES
 IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE. 

Not
applicable. 

ITEM
 9A. 
 CONTROLS
 AND PROCEDURES. 

Management s
Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

Our
management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f)
and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act). Our internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance
regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of our financial statements for external purposes in accordance
with GAAP. Our internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that: (i) pertain to the maintenance
of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of our assets; (ii) provide reasonable
assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP, and that
receipts and expenditures by us are being made only in accordance with authorizations of our management and directors; and (iii) provide
reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of our assets that could
have a material effect on the consolidated financial statements. 

Under
the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer,
we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of the period covered by this report
based on the criteria for effective internal control described in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the
Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO ). Based on the results of management s assessment
and evaluation, our management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022. 

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Management,
with the participation of our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, carried out an evaluation of the effectiveness
of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange
Act. Based on this evaluation, our principal executive officer and principal financial officer concluded that, as of the end of the period
covered in this report, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective to provide reasonable assurance that the information required
to be disclosed by us in reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within
the time periods specified in SEC rules and forms, and is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive
officer and principal financial officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

Inherent
Limitations on Effectiveness of Controls 

Even
assuming the effectiveness of our controls and procedures, our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial
officer, does not expect that our disclosure controls or our internal control over financial reporting will prevent or detect all error
or all fraud. A control system, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the
control system s objectives will be met. In general, our controls and procedures are designed to provide reasonable assurance that
our control system s objective will be met, and our principal executive officer and principal financial officer has concluded that
our disclosure controls and procedures are effective at the reasonable assurance level. The design of a control system must reflect the
fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Further, because of
the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that misstatements due to error
or fraud will not occur or that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within the Company have been detected. These inherent
limitations include the realities that judgments in decision-making can be faulty and that breakdowns can occur because of simple error
or mistake. Controls can also be circumvented by the individual acts of some persons, by collusion of two or more people, or by management
override of the controls. The design of any system of controls is based in part on certain assumptions about the likelihood of future
events and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions.
Projections of any evaluation of the effectiveness of controls in future periods are subject to risks. Over time, controls may become
inadequate because of changes in conditions or deterioration in the degree of compliance with policies or procedures. 

Changes
in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

There
has been no change in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the fourth quarter of 2022 that has materially
affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

ITEM
 9B. 
 OTHER
 INFORMATION. 

None. 

ITEM
 9C. 
 DISCLOSURE
 REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS. 

Not
applicable. 

28 

PART
III 

ITEM
 10. 
 DIRECTORS,
 EXECUTIVE OFFICERS, AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE. 

The
information called for by this item is incorporated herein by reference to the definitive Proxy Statement for our 2023 Annual Meeting
of Stockholders, which will be filed with the SEC pursuant to Regulation 14A under the Exchange Act. 

ITEM
 11. 
 EXECUTIVE
 COMPENSATION. 

The
information called for by this item is incorporated herein by reference to the definitive Proxy Statement for our 2023 Annual Meeting
of Stockholders, which will be filed with the SEC pursuant to Regulation 14A under the Exchange Act. 

ITEM
 12. 
 SECURITY
 OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS. 

The
information called for by this item is incorporated herein by reference to the definitive Proxy Statement for our 2023 Annual Meeting
of Stockholders, which will be filed with the SEC pursuant to Regulation 14A under the Exchange Act. 

ITEM
 13. 
 CERTAIN
 RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE. 

The
information called for by this item is incorporated herein by reference to the definitive Proxy Statement for our 2023 Annual Meeting
of Stockholders, which will be filed with the SEC pursuant to Regulation 14A under the Exchange Act. 

ITEM
 14. 
 PRINCIPAL
 ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES. 

The
information called for by this item is incorporated herein by reference to the definitive Proxy Statement for our 2023 Annual Meeting
of Stockholders, which will be filed with the SEC pursuant to Regulation 14A under the Exchange Act. 

29 

PART
IV 

ITEM
 15. 
 EXHIBIT
 AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES. 

Financial
Statements 

All
financial statements are set forth under Part II, Item 8 of this report. 

Financial
Statement Schedules 

None 

Exhibits 

Exhibit 

No. 
 
 Description 

3.1 
 
 Certificate
 of Incorporation of Provectus Biopharmaceuticals, Inc., as amended (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Company s
 annual report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on March 31, 2017). 

3.2 
 
 Certificate
 of Designation of Preferences, Rights and Limitations of Series D Convertible Preferred Stock (incorporated by reference to Exhibit
 3.1 of the Company s current report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 24, 2021). 

3.3 
 
 Certificate
 of Designation of Preferences, Rights and Limitations of Series D-1 Convertible Preferred Stock (as amended by the Certificate of
 Amendment, dated March 30, 2022) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.4 of the Company s quarterly report on Form 10-Q filed
 with the SEC on May 12, 2022). 

3.4 
 
 Bylaws
 of Provectus Biopharmaceuticals, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.4 of the Company s annual report on Form 10-K
 filed with the SEC on March 13, 2014). 

4.1 
 
 Specimen
 certificate for the Common Stock, par value 0.001 per share, of the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of the Company s
 annual report on Form 10-KSB filed with the SEC on April 15, 2003). 

4.2 
 
 Specimen
 certificate for the Common Stock, par value 0.001 per share, of the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s
 registration statement on Form S-4, Commission File No. 333-208816, filed with the SEC on December 31, 2015). 

4.3 
 
 Form
 of Unsecured Convertible Promissory Note under the 2021 Financing Term Sheet (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of the Company s
 current report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 18, 2021). 

4.4 
 
 Form
 of Unsecured Convertible Promissory Note under the 2022 Financing Term Sheet (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of the Company s
 current report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on September 26, 2022). 

4.5 
 
 Description
 of Securities. 

10.1 
 
 Confidentiality,
 Inventions and Non-Competition Agreement dated as of November 26, 2002 between the Company and Timothy C. Scott (incorporated by
 reference to Exhibit 10.9 of the Company s annual report on Form 10-KSB filed with the SEC on April 15, 2003). 

10.2 
 
 Confidentiality,
 Inventions and Non-Competition Agreement dated as of November 26, 2002, between the Company and Eric A. Wachter (incorporated by
 reference to Exhibit 10.10 of the Company s annual report on Form 10-KSB filed with the SEC on April 15, 2003). 

10.3 
 
 Material
 Transfer Agreement dated as of July 31, 2003 between Schering-Plough Animal Health Corporation and the Company (incorporated by reference
 to Exhibit 10.15 of the Company s quarterly report on Form 10-QSB filed with the SEC on August 14, 2003). 

10.4 
 
 Controlled
 Equity Offering SM Sales Agreement, dated April 30, 2014, by and between Provectus Biopharmaceuticals, Inc. and Cantor
 Fitzgerald Co. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company s current report on Form 8-K filed with the
 SEC on April 30, 2014). 

10.5 
 
 Stipulated
 Settlement Agreement and Mutual Release, dated June 6, 2014, by and among the Company as nominal defendant, H. Craig Dees, Timothy
 C. Scott, Eric A. Wachter, Peter R. Culpepper, Stuart Fuchs, Kelly M. McMasters, and Alfred E. Smith, IV, as defendants, and Glenn
 Kleba and Don B. Dale, as plaintiffs (Exhibits Omitted) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 of the Company s quarterly
 report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on August 7, 2014). 

30 

10.6 
 
 Definitive
 Financing Commitment Term Sheet dated March 19, 2017 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Company s quarterly
 report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on May 10, 2017). 

10.7 
 
 2020
 Definitive Financing Term Sheet (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.39 to the Company s annual report on Form 10-K filed
 with the SEC on March 5, 2020). 

10.8 
 
 2021
 Financing Term Sheet (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s quarterly report on Form 10-Q filed with the
 SEC on November 10, 2021). 

10.9 
 
 2022
 Financing Term Sheet (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s quarterly report on Form 10-Q filed with the
 SEC on November 9, 2022). 

10.10 
 
 Provectus Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 2012 Stock Plan (incorporated herein by reference to Appendix A of the Company s definitive proxy statement filed with the SEC on April 30, 2012). 

10.11 
 
 2017 Amendment and Restatement of the Provectus Biopharmaceuticals, Inc. 2014 Equity Compensation Plan (incorporated herein by reference to Appendix A of the Company s definitive proxy statement filed with the SEC on April 27, 2017). 

10.12 
 
 Independent
 Contractor Agreement, dated April 19, 2017, between the Company and Bruce Horowitz (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of
 the Company s current report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on April 20, 2017). 

10.13 
 
 Amendment
 No. 1 to the Independent Contractor Agreement, dated May 9, 2017, between the Company and Bruce Horowitz (incorporated by reference
 to Exhibit 10.6 of the Company s quarterly report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on August 9, 2017). 

10.14 
 
 Amendment
 No. 2 to the Independent Contractor Agreement dated April 19, 2017, between the Company and Bruce Horowitz, dated May 8, 2019 (incorporated
 by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company s current report on Form 8-K filed May 9, 2019). 

10.15 
 
 Employment
 Agreement between the Company and Heather Raines, CPA, dated March 25, 2019 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company s
 current report on Form 8-K filed on March 25, 2019). 

10.16 
 
 Executive
 Employment Agreement between the Company and Eric A. Wachter, Ph.D., dated May 17, 2019 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1
 of the Company s current report on Form 8-K filed May 20, 2019). 

10.17 
 
 Indemnification
 Agreement between the Company and Dominic Rodrigues, dated April 3, 2017 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of the Company s
 current report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on April 4, 2017). 

10.18 
 
 Indemnification
 Agreement between the Company and Bruce Horowitz, dated April 3, 2017 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 of the Company s
 current report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on April 4, 2017). 

10.19 
 
 Indemnification
 Agreement between the Company and Ed Pershing, dated April 19, 2018 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company s
 current report on Form 8-K filed on April 24, 2018). 

10.20 
 
 Indemnification
 Agreement between the Company and Jack Lacey, MD, dated April 19, 2018 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Company s
 current report on Form 8-K filed on April 24, 2018). 

10.21 
 
 Indemnification
 Agreement between the Company and Webster Bailey, effective as of July 20, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the
 Company s current report on Form 8-K filed on July 16, 2020). 

14 
 
 Code
 of Ethics (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 14 of the Company s annual report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on March
 16, 2011). 

21 
 
 Subsidiaries
 of the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 21 of the Company s annual report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on March
 31, 2017). 

31.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 

31 

31.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 

32 
 
 Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350. 

101.INS 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Instance Document the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded
 within the Inline XBRL document. 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 

104 
 
 Cover
 Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 

Filed
 herewith. 

Furnished
 herewith. 

Indicates
 a management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 

ITEM
 16. 
 FORM
 10-K SUMMARY. 

None. 

32 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed
on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

March
29, 2023 

PROVECTUS
 BIOPHARMACEUTICALS, INC. 

By: 
 /s/
 Bruce Horowitz 

Bruce
 Horowitz 

Chief
 Operating Officer (principal executive officer) 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signature

Title 
 
 Date 

/s/
 Heather Raines 
 
 Chief
 Financial Officer 
 
 March
 29, 2023 
 
 Heather
 Raines, CPA 
 
 (principal
 financial officer and principal accounting officer) 

/s/
 Bruce Horowitz 
 
 Director
 and Chief Operating Officer 
 
 March
 29, 2023 
 
 Bruce
 Horowitz 
 
 (principal
 executive officer) 

/s/
 Webster Bailey 
 
 Director 
 
 March
 29, 2023 
 
 Webster
 Bailey 

/s/
 John W. Lacey, III, MD 
 
 Director 
 
 March
 29, 2023 
 
 John
 W. Lacey, III, MD 

/s/
 Ed Pershing 
 
 Director
 and Chairman of the Board 
 
 March
 29, 2023 
 
 Ed
 Pershing 

/s/
 Dominic Rodrigues 
 
 Director
 and Vice Chairman of the Board 
 
 March
 29, 2023 
 
 Dominic
 Rodrigues 

33 

<EX-4.5>
 2
 ex4-5.htm

Exhibit
4.5 

DESCRIPTION
OF SECURITIES 

REGISTERED
UNDER SECTION 12 OF THE EXCHANGE ACT 

Provectus
Biopharmaceuticals, Inc. (the Company, Provectus , we or our has one class of
securities registered under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ): our Common
Stock. 

Description
of Common Stock 

The
following description of our Common Stock is a summary and does not purport to be complete. It is subject to and qualified in its entirety
by reference to our Certificate of Incorporation, as amended (the Certificate of Incorporation ), and our Bylaws, as amended
(the Bylaws ), each of which is incorporated by reference as an exhibit to the Annual Report on Form 10-K, of which this
Exhibit is a part. We encourage you to read our Certificate of Incorporation, our Bylaws and the applicable provisions of the Delaware
General Corporation Law, for additional information. 

Authorized
Shares of Capital Stock 

Our
authorized capital stock consists of 1,000,000,000 shares of common stock, 0.001 par value per share Common Stock ), and
25,000,000 shares of preferred stock, 0.001 par value per share Preferred Stock ). As of December 31, 2022, 419,497,119
shares of Common Stock were issued and outstanding. The outstanding shares of our Common Stock are duly authorized, validly issued, fully
paid, and nonassessable. 

Voting
Rights 

Holders
of Common Stock are entitled to one vote per share on all matters voted on by the stockholders, including the election of directors.
Our Common Stock does not have cumulative voting rights. 

Dividend
Rights 

Subject
to the rights of holders of outstanding shares of Preferred Stock, if any, the holders of Common Stock are entitled to receive dividends,
if any, as may be declared from time to time by the Company s Board of Directors (the Board in its discretion out
of funds legally available for the payment of dividends. 

Liquidation
Rights 

In
the event of our dissolution, liquidation or winding up, holders of our Common Stock are entitled to share ratably in any assets remaining
after the satisfaction in full of the prior rights of creditors and the aggregate liquidation preference of any Preferred Stock then
outstanding. 

Other
Rights and Preferences 

Holders
of our Common Stock do not have any conversion, redemption, sinking fund or preemptive rights. 

Certain
Anti-Takeover Effects 

Provisions
of our Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws may delay or discourage transactions involving an actual or potential change of control
or change in our management, including transactions in which stockholders might otherwise receive a premium for their shares, or transactions
that our stockholders might otherwise deem to be in their best interests. Therefore, these provisions could adversely affect the price
of our Common Stock. Among other things, our Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws will: 

permit
 our Board to issue up to 25,000,000 shares of Preferred Stock, with any rights, preferences, and privileges as they may designate; 

provide
 that all vacancies on our Board, including as a result of newly created directorships, may, except as otherwise required by law,
 be filled by the affirmative vote of a majority of directors then in office, even if less than a quorum; 

require
 that any action to be taken by our stockholders must be effected at a duly called annual or special meeting of stockholders and not
 be taken by written consent; 

provide
 that stockholders seeking to present proposals before a meeting of stockholders or to nominate candidates for election as directors
 at a meeting of stockholders must provide advance notice in writing, and also specify requirements as to the form and content of
 a stockholder s notice; 

not
 provide for cumulative voting rights, thereby allowing the holders of a majority of the shares of Common Stock entitled to vote in
 any election of directors to elect all of the directors standing for election; and 

provide
 that special meeting of our stockholders may be called only by the Board or by such person or persons requested by a majority of
 the Board to call such meetings. 

Preferred
Stock 

The
rights, preferences, and privileges of the holders of our Common Stock are subject to, and may be adversely affected by, the rights of
the holders of shares of any series of Preferred Stock that we have designated and issued or may designate and issue in the future. Under
our Certificate of Incorporation, we are authorized to issue up to 25,000,000 shares of Preferred Stock, from time to time in one or
more series, in any manner permitted by law, as determined from time to time by our Board, and stated in the resolution or resolutions
providing for the issuance of such shares adopted by our Board. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, shares in such series
shall have voting powers, full or limited, or no voting powers, and shall have such designations, preferences and relative, participating,
optional, or other special rights, and qualifications, limitations, or restrictions thereof, permitted by law, as shall be stated in
the resolution or resolutions providing for the issuance of such shares adopted by our Board. The number of shares of any such series
so set forth in the resolution or resolutions may be increased (but not above the total number of authorized shares of Preferred Stock)
or decreased (but not below the number of shares thereof then outstanding) by further resolution or resolutions adopted by the Board.
As of December 31, 2022, 12,373,247 and 9,746,626 shares of Series D and D-1 Preferred Stock were issued and outstanding, respectively. 

Series
D and Series D-1 Preferred Stock 

The
rights, preferences and privileges of the Series D Convertible Preferred Stock are set forth in a Certificate of Designation of Preferences,
Rights and Limitations of Series D Convertible Preferred Stock (the Series D Certificate of Designation ), a copy of which
is attached as Exhibit 3.2 to this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The rights, preferences and privileges of the Series D-1 Convertible Preferred
Stock are set forth in a Certificate of Designation of Preferences, Rights and Limitations of Series D-1 Convertible Preferred Stock
(the Series D-1 Certificate of Designation ), a copy of which is attached as Exhibit 3.3 to this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

The
Board of Directors of the Company approved each of the Series D Certificate of Designation and Series D-1 Certificate of Designation
on June 16, 2021, and each of the Series D Certificate of Designation and Series D-1 Certificate of Designation were filed with the Delaware
Secretary of State on June 17, 2021. The Series D Certificate of Designation and Series D-1 Certificate of Designation are the same,
other than certain key differences to account solely for the different conversion ratios for the holders of 2017 Notes who did not execute
an Amendment compared to the holders of Amended 2017 Notes and the holders of 2020 Notes. 

The Series D Certificate of Designation established and designated 12,374,000
shares of Series D Convertible Preferred Stock. The Series D-1 Certificate of Designation (as amended by the Certificate of Amendment,
dated March 30, 2022) established and designated 11,241,000 shares of Series D-1 Convertible Preferred Stock. 

The
Series D Convertible Preferred Stock and the Series D-1 Convertible Preferred Stock rank pari passu with each other. The Series
D Convertible Preferred Stock and Series D-1 Convertible Preferred Stock rank senior to the Common Stock and any other class or series
of the Company s capital stock, the terms of which do not provide that shares of such class rank senior to, or pari passu 
with, the Series D Convertible Preferred Stock and Series D-1 Convertible Preferred Stock as to dividends and distributions upon a change
of control transaction, or the liquidation, winding-up and dissolution of the Company. 

The
Series D Convertible Preferred Stock and Series D-1 Convertible Preferred Stock do not have any dividend preference but are entitled
to receive, on a pari passu basis, dividends, if any, that are declared and paid on the Common Stock and any other class of the
Company s capital stock that ranks junior or on par to the Series D Convertible Preferred Stock and Series D-1 Convertible Preferred
Stock. 

Upon
the occurrence of the liquidation, winding-up or dissolution of the Company or certain mergers, corporate reorganizations or sales of
the Company s assets (each, a Company Event ), holders of Series D Convertible Preferred Stock and Series D-1 Convertible
Preferred Stock will be entitled to receive a liquidation preference before any distributions are made to holders of any other class
or series of the Company s capital stock junior to the Series D Convertible Preferred Stock and Series D-1 Convertible Preferred
Stock. If a Company Event occurs within two years of June 20, 2021 (the Date of Issuance ), the holders of Series D Convertible
Preferred Stock and Series D-1 Convertible Preferred Stock will receive for each share of Series D Convertible Preferred Stock and Series
D-1 Convertible Preferred Stock, respectively, an amount in cash equal to the Original Issue Price (as defined in the Series D Certificate
of Designation and Series D-1 Certificate of Designation, respectively) multiplied by four. If a Company Event occurs from and after
the second anniversary of the Date of Issuance, the holders of Series D Convertible Preferred Stock and Series D-1 Convertible Preferred
Stock will receive for each share of Series D Convertible Preferred Stock and Series D-1 Convertible Preferred Stock, respectively, an
amount in cash equal to the Original Issue Price multiplied by six. The Original Issue Price for the Series D Convertible Preferred Stock
is 0.2862, and the Original Issue Price for the Series D-1 Convertible Preferred Stock is 2.862. 

Holders
of shares of Series D Convertible Preferred Stock and Series D-1 Convertible Preferred Stock will vote together with the holders of Common
Stock as a single class. Each share of Series D Convertible Preferred Stock carries the right to one vote per share. Each share of Series
D-1 Convertible Preferred Stock carries the right to 10 votes per share. 

The
Company is not permitted to amend, alter or repeal its Certificate of Incorporation or Bylaws in a manner adverse to the relative rights,
preferences, qualifications, limitations or restrictions of the Series D Convertible Preferred Stock and Series D-1 Convertible Preferred
Stock without the affirmative vote of a majority of the votes entitled to be cast by holders of outstanding shares of Series D Convertible
Preferred Stock and Series D-1 Convertible Preferred Stock, voting together as a single class with each share of Series D Convertible
Preferred Stock and Series D-1 Convertible Preferred Stock having a number of votes equal to the number of shares of Common Stock then
issuable upon conversion of such share of Series D Convertible Preferred Stock and Series D-1 Convertible Preferred Stock. 

The
Series D Convertible Preferred Stock is convertible at the option of the holders thereof into shares of Common Stock based on a one-for-one
conversion ratio. The Series D-1 Convertible Preferred Stock is convertible at the option of the holders thereof into shares of Common
Stock based on a one-for-10 conversion ratio. The conversion ratio of the Series D Convertible Preferred Stock and Series D-1 Convertible
Preferred Stock is subject to adjustment for stock splits and combinations, recapitalizations, reclassifications, reorganizations, mergers
and consolidations. The Series D Convertible Preferred Stock and Series D-1 Convertible Preferred Stock will automatically convert into
shares of Common Stock upon the fifth anniversary of the Date of Issuance. 

Transfer
Agent and Registrar 

Broadridge
Financial Solutions, Inc. is the transfer agent and registrar for our Common Stock. 

Listing 

Our
Common Stock is traded on the OTCQB Marketplace under the trading symbol PVCT. 

</EX-4.5>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 ex31-1.htm

Exhibit
31.1 

CERTIFICATION
OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 PURSUANT
TO RULE 13a-14(a) UNDER 

 THE
SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

I,
Bruce Horowitz, certify that: 

1.
I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 of Provectus Biopharmaceuticals, Inc.; 

2.
Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the
period covered by this report; 

3.
Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this
report; 

4.
The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) 
 Designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
 within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 
 Designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
 supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
 for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) 
 Evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
 the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
 and 

(d) 
 Disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
 most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5.
The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons
performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) 
 All
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
 reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
 and 

(b) 
 Any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
 internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
 March 29, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Bruce Horowitz. 

Bruce
 Horowitz 

Chief
 Operating Officer (principal executive officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 ex31-2.htm

Exhibit
31.2 

CERTIFICATION
OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT
TO RULE 13a-14(a) UNDER 

 THE
SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

I,
Heather Raines, certify that: 

1.
I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 of Provectus Biopharmaceuticals, Inc.; 

2.
Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the
period covered by this report; 

3.
Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this
report; 

4.
The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) 
 Designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
 within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 
 Designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
 supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
 for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) 
 Evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
 the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
 and 

(d) 
 Disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
 most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5.
The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons
performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) 
 All
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
 reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
 and 

(b) 
 Any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
 internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
 March 29, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Heather Raines 

Heather
 Raines, CPA 

Chief
 Financial Officer (principal financial officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32>
 5
 ex32.htm

Exhibit
32 

CERTIFICATION
OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND 

 CHIEF
FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(b) UNDER 

 THE
SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 AND SECTION 1350 OF 

 CHAPTER
63 OF TITLE 18 OF THE UNITED STATES CODE 

Each
of the undersigned, Bruce Horowitz and Heather Raines, certifies, pursuant to Rule 13a-14(b) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
(the Exchange Act and Section 1350 of Chapter 63 of Title 18 of the United States Code, that (1) this Annual Report on
Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 of Provectus Biopharmaceuticals, Inc. (the Company fully complies with
the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, and (2) the information contained in this report fairly presents, in
all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

This
 Certification is signed on March 29, 2023. 
 /s/
 Bruce Horowitz 

Bruce
 Horowitz 

Chief
 Operating Officer (principal executive officer) 

/s/
 Heather Raines 

Heather
 Raines, CPA 

Chief
 Financial Officer (principal financial officer) 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 pvct-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 pvct-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 pvct-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 pvct-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

